My son is halfway through his fourth week of Intuniv. We became concerned when he began this last week, when he started taking the highest dose he will be on. For two days, he could hardly get out of bed, was very cranky, and slept for nearly 8 hours on a drive home from school vacation (very unusual for him.) I called his doctor on Monday morning and she said to stick it out a few days. See how he did at school, and with getting up in the morning. The last two days have been problem free. He is MUCH more agreeable than ever. He is less emotional (a good thing), less cranky. He is remembering all the things he should. Overall his behavior is better. We have tried many different medications and so far this is the most effective.
This is my first time using any form of birth control. I 'm glad I went with the patch, I have been on it for 8 months. At first It decreased my libido but that subsided. The only downside is that it made my periods longer (5-6 days to be exact) I used to only have periods for 3-4 days max also made my cramps intense for the first two days of my period, I never had cramps before using birth control. Other than that in happy with the patch
I had been on the pill for many years. When my doctor changed my RX to chateal, it was as effective. It really did help me by completely clearing my acne, this takes about 6 months though. I did not gain extra weight, or develop any emotional health issues. I stopped taking it bc I started using a more natural method of birth control, but started to take it bc I hate that my acne came back at age 28. I really hope symptoms like depression, or weight gain do not begin to affect me as I am older now. I 'm also naturally moody, so this may worsen things. I was in a negative mental rut today. Also I hope this doesn 't push me over the edge, as I believe I am depressed. Hopefully it 'll be just like when I was younger.
Spring of 2008 I was hospitalized with pnuemonia and diagnosed with Lyme diease and full blown AIDS with CD4 count of &quot;11&quot; viral load some number so high in the millions I could never remember. I was taking Combivir and Kaletra with Dapsone for the 1st year then it stopped working. I started Kaletra with the Dapsone my CD4 count is now 209 and rising. For a few weeks I was very aggressive and broke all my dishes in the house LOL. I take vitamin supplements and drink a boost pluz every day. LIfe is good now!
Was prescribed one dose over the course of one day, took 4 pills of 250mg after a light lunch, and had nausea and mild stomach pains/upset. Lying down did not alleviate the discomfort and threw up 3 hours later. Called up my doctor to check if I needed to take another dose but he said my body would have absorbed the pills by then. Still experiencing mild stomach pains but nausea is mostly gone now.
At first I suffered through them. This included splitting head pain, nausea, and vomiting. I started using Excedrin after a while which helped if I took it right away. Then that started to not work so well anymore. I had one really bad one that lasted hours. I was still throwing up at 9 pm and I was now throwing up blood. I went to the ER and when I finally got in they put me on an IV to hydrate me. They then added Imitrex to the bag and I soon started feeling side effects. My head felt like I was going to pass out. My breathing became labored and it felt like someone was sitting on my chest. They said that meant it was working. After about two minutes everything was gone. I got pills to take at home and they worked okay. Not as fast.
1 week on Zoloft for anxiety and mood swings. I take 50mg in the mornings with my breakfast. Nausea on day one  but that subsided as the week went on.  I get the jitters about 2 hrs after taking it followed by yawning. I feel much better though and less angry/stressed.
Have been taking Viberzi for a month now for IBS-D and I can 't be happier. I have ZERO side effects. Thank you for making me normal again!!!!!!
I have been on morphine for at least 7 years..It is the only medicine that seems to manage my pain. Without it I would be in bed 90% of the time. With it I can have a life.
I am very prone to yeast infections, I believe it 's due to my birth control as well as having unprotected sex. Fluconazole has always cleared up my yeast infections with 2 doses. No side effects.
I am just finishing my second week taking Contrave and have lost 10 lbs. It has been an interesting experience because the drug is definitely not an appetite suppressant, yet it does help you control the urge to eat. I have had mild side effects - some stomach discomfort and slight headaches along with constipation, but it has all been easily manageable. If you are considering taking this medication please keep in mind that you still need to do the work by exercising and eating right, but the medication really does help. It has helped me get my motivation back to exercise, and it definitely helps with cravings to eat making it easy to just eat what I need to be healthy. Use the coupon they give you, it drops cost to $70
Helps against sadness, and strongly counters moderate urges to drink at a stressful, confusing time in my life.
I battled a nasty UTI for over a month &amp; went through 3 different antibiotics till my doctor finally gave me this one. Makes you terribly sick to your stomach but in the end is completely worth it!! Felt completely back to normal in 2 days!!
My pain management doctor put me on Butrans patches about 6 weeks ago 5 mg dose. The first box of four was a lifesaver. No more agony at work. Able to sleep. Did more in two weekends than I had in two years. I 'm hoping to bump up to the ten mg dose soon to cut down on my Norco. I have had chronic pain for many years and have been through many medicines including Oxycontin. This patch is the best so far.
I have had great experience so far with Latuda. I started taking 40 mg in Nov., and it worked great for about a week, then I crashed again. Dr. put it up to 80 mg and I 've been great ever since. I 'm afraid, though, because my sex drive has completely disappeared, and if it 's the Latuda, I 'm going to have to go off it-and I hate to go off something that 's working so well. However, I 'm also on a pretty high dose of Lexapro, and the Dr. thinks it 's more likely to be a side effect of that, so we 're decreasing that and hopefully that will work, because otherwise I 'm feeling really good. I 'm really afraid I 'll have to go off it.
I am a 52 year old women.I was bloating a lot from not pooping..Alls good now....
66 YO caucasian, male. Developed MS @22-23, diagnosed @30. Developed trigeminal neuralgia in 3/2014 lasting 7 days. Started on Carbamazepin 7/2014. TN returned 8/2015; constant ever since. Had microvascular decompression surgery on 6/3/2016. Pain ceased for 19 days after surgery then returned as severe as before. Surgery recovery was painful, left me weak, disoriented &amp; less mobile. Neurologist changed Rx: from Carbamazepine to Oxcarbazepine (300 mg, twice daily) 6 days ago. Deep facial lancinating pain has remissed but still have burning, electric jolting pain in upper lip and cheek. Also taking Tramadol HCL (50mg, once daily) which seems to help. Carbamazepine never worked. Oxcarbazepine/Tramadol combo seems effective.
I have been on pills for years, and in 2012 I tried Mirena. I had cramps and terrible side effects all the time and just had it taken out last month because I have gained around 10lbs in my stomach area. I have been on Nuvaring for about 2 weeks and so far it 's way better. As soon as Mirena was removed my weird stomach pains stopped, but I 'm still trying to lose the extra weight. 
I 've been taking oxycodone for roughly 5 years....I 've gone a few weekends without it before because I 've ran out but never experienced any withdrawal symptoms.  It works great if you take it exactly when you need to and don 't exceed your prescribed amount or take it early.  I 've been living with chronic pain for years...have had a complete joint replacement on one side and and anchor placed on the other side of my jaw. The surgeries help immensely but I 'll still always be in pain.  Been taking the same dosage of 10mg 3x a day for the 5 years and yes my body is used to the effects so it doesn 't work as well but it works well enough and I refuse to take a higher dosage or more pills per day because...well let 's face it..this medicine is scarey
So yes the first use was an experience. I had been so raw from constant itching that seemed to get worse within a few hours. I applied the cream to my lady parts and talk about wanting to take a cheese grater to your down under itchy fire parts. I had to take some Benadryl to help the itching. The vaginal insert of the cream wasn 't bad until it melts....and then it gets itchy inside your lady cave so to speak. After the first hour it seemed to calm down a lot! I shouldn 't have waited so long to have done something about it. I never had any thick discharge so I thought it was just a little irritated. I had never had a yeast infection and lord knows don 't ever want to go through this again. But the product overall works.
I 've been on Latuda for a little under 2 and a half years. It almost completely stopped my psychotic symptoms except I still hear voices now and then, mainly when I try to go to sleep, but there are no delusions or paranoia while on the drug. I take cogentin in combination with it because it causes me to shake a lot. Main side effects I experience include anhedonia, shakiness, jaw clenching, and inability to sit still. However, I 'm happy with it because it actually works, while other antipsychotic meds I tried did not, and it doesn 't cause the endless hunger that I experienced with drugs like Saphris, Haldol, Zyprexa, and Risperdal. It should be noted I am at the max daily dose, which is 160mg.
I 've seriously only been using Epiduo for four days and have seen A HUGE improvement. My skin is a little dry but I use Cetaphil moisturizer to balance it out. I am also using Doxycycline along with the topical treatment (Epiduo) and my acne is getting soooo much better. LOVE IT!
So far loving this. Stomach pain has almost disappeared, haven 't had an attack in over a week. Down side is have to be near a bathroom about an hour after taking it but that is manageable. Hopefully it continues to work. Time will tell.
I used it at bed time along with Paxil. I have anxiety and at times insomnia. The lower the dose(@ 7.5 mg), the more it becomes a sleep aid. It worked well for both anxiety and insomnia.
I suffer from chronic pain due to severe arthritis and stenosis in my lumbar spine. I take vicodin as needed to alleviate  'breakthrough ' pain, i.e., occasional pain so great that my usual daily maintenance dose of Embeda ER (morphine/naltrexone) cannot relieve it. It works well, with the usual opioid side effects, hence a score of 8.
I just started this medication on April 1st and after 3 days I started seeing the effects and I can see it 's taking it 's course and working so far. The doctor started me on 40mg two times a day for 4 months. So far only side effect is dryness which was to be expected. 
I took Jolivette 6 weeks after I went home with my first baby.  A year after we went on vacation for four days and I forgot it at home. After vacation I took it and everything was fine. A week later I got my period. I thought it wasn 't a big deal, or was maybe because I miss all those days. It last 5 days. 2 weeks after that again but now lasting 7 days. Then I started to get my period every week and now every 3 days! Lasting 7 days! Worked amazing in the beginning but I messed it up.
I was prescribed this medicine for bronchitis, 500mg. for 7 days. It really cleared up the bronchitis, but left me with bad tendonitis in my right leg.  No telling how long this will go on.  I can barely walk when I first get up in the morning, although it gets better with gentle exercise.  I too have noticed crazy dreams, no dizziness, but I think it is causing me to make some bad decisions.  Do not take this medicine for anything under any conditions.  Find some other drug.  The side effects are unpredictable, come on after you have already stopped taking it, and are miserable.  I 'm going to try some of the remedies the other reviewers have mentioned.
I am female in her early 30 's - about 3 years ago I developed adult acne after years of relatively clear skin. Benzyol peroxide had been my miracle acne product but then I developed contact dermatitis and could no longer use it :( I honestly could not go more than a day without a new pimple developing despite using other prescription acne grade products, vitamin A as well as expensive spa treatments. I have been on Aczone about a month and have had instant results, I have not had a cystic pimple since. I still get blackheads and have milia on my chin/jawline but no pimples/whiteheads/cysts to speak of and have had no issues with dry skin. The product is pricey but I will save in the long run not wasting my money on others that don 't work.
I smoked for 32 years and tried different times and products to help me stop but always failed.  My doctor and I agreed for me to try the Nicoderm CQ patch and it 's really helping me. I have no urges to smoke and am now on Day 8.  The only thing I found out is that I have red swollen itchy skin where the patches were worn. Need to talk to the doctor but office is closed on the weekends.  I 'm thinking I could be allergic to them but don 't want to stop them because they are working for me
took one 25mg to help me sleep however the next day I felt awful like id been drugged just couldn 't wake up this lasted all day.i wont be taking them again .my wife on the other hand takes them every night with no problems
I 'm 31 &amp; have used many birth control options, beginning with the patch @ 19 then going to the pill within the year. My MD RX 'd me the loestrin 1/20 a year ago. This past year proved the best for me as far as overall health: fewer skin breakouts, MUCH lighter &amp; shorter periods (i frequently donate blood and am not iron-defficient anemic), better sex drive (husband loves), and moodiness not as bad. I have gained 7lb of weight but cannot pinpoint it directly to this pill as I have chosen a less healthy lifestyle the past year. The only negative about this pill for me was I did not stay on a 28 day cycle and had breakthrough bleeding. Today, MD changed me to loestrin 1.5/30 for this reason.
I 've been taking Latuda 40mg once a day in the evening  for 1 month for BiPolar.  I had been on various meds throughout my life for depression started when I had postpartum with both my children.  I am 45 now and my children are 17/14. I was on was Lexapro for depressrion for quite sometime that seems to run its course with me. Oh was diagnosed with MS in 1992 so add that piece to the puzzel.As far as Latuda,  I have mixed feelings. It seems to help me with focus and cognitive deficiencies, which I could be MS related.  Depression is there but not as it was, but I still cry and at times stay in my head too long.  I seem to be more agitated with my children.  Ativan helps with Anxiety when needed. I will be seeing my psych tomorrow to discuss.
I have been on the Qysmia for 3 weeks now.  I wanted  to wait a few weeks  to give a review. I have a very slow metabolism so I  did not lose as much as some in the first two weeks  upon taking.  My weight started at 198.  I am down to 193. So I  have lost  5 lbs in 3 weeks.  But that  is with  out cardio.  My  appetite  is suppressed.  Dry mouth.  So drink a lot of water. Tingling almost numbness in my feet at times but it goes away shortly after. The  medication  if not covered  or with the free trial  is expensive.  So be prepared.  I guess it  is cheaper  than weight loss surgery.  But it 's no magic pill neither.  Like any other pill  you must eat right and exercise. To lose the weight.  Well that 's  my take anyway.
The time I been on lexapro I had mild side effects like yawning and insomnia really bad to the point I am only sleeping five hours or so...I can say it calms you but I haven 't got the full effect of getting back to my old self again...
I have been on this medication for 37 days.  My day and night sweats are no longer severe. I only toss my comforter once a night as opposed to many times.  My day sweats are no longer embarrassing, e.g. while talking with coworkers, I would without warning began to get warm, hot, and then dripping in sweat to include my hair.  My mood swings are gone, I am back to normal.  LOVING IT.
Zomig gets rid of my migraine but it knocks me out. I take one dose and then sleep for 3 hours. Afterward the headache is gone but my joints ache and my muscles are very tender to the touch.
I got my 1st depo injection in the middle of June.  I started bleeding in the middle of July and didn 't stop until the one week after my 2nd injection.  One week prior to the date my 2nd injection was due I started bleeding like a period.  My bleeding has stopped for the most part.  I get a little bit of traces here and there but nothing too noticeable.  The two months of bleeding was worth it to make this monthly delight end.
I began seeing positive results from Solodyn after just a few weeks. I get an occasional zit, but nothing like what I had just a few shorts months ago. Would definitely recommend!
I started taking Jolivette 5 months ago. First, to all you breastfeeding moms out there, I have had NO decrease in milk supply. And that from a woman who had to supplement with first 2 babies within their first 3 months because of low supply and low weight gain. My 3rd baby is now 5 1/2 months old and still exclusively breastfed and gaining weight beautifully. So it doesn 't always affect milk supply.  I 've taken different BC pills before and always suffered severe anxiety and depression just before starting my period. I was worried about starting another pill but haven 't had any problems yet. My first month on these pills I had a heavy period, but haven 't had another one since. I 'm pretty happy with these pills
I have had my Nexplanon implant in since early 2014. I rarely ever experienced spotting, maybe 2 or 3 times this whole time. Never had a period or pregnancy scare. I am due to have it removed early next year since that will be the 3 year mark.  As of last week I started noticing brown &quot;old blood&quot; after intercourse, not much. By this point I have noticed more blood during intercourse which is off putting at that moment.  I 'll be scheduling an appointment with my doctor soon.
After being suicidal for many months and self harming in addition to extreme anxiety. I had taken Prozac  6 years earlier and didn 't work at all has NOW almost eliminated my depression. I feel happier than I have in years. The only downside is I have gained about 20 lbs. My lowest weight was 133, considered healthy for someone 5 '7 and athletic, but despite my clean eating and exercise I 've blown up to 163 lbs in 2 years and nothing seems to get the weight off. This has been my only negative side effect. I choose my mental health over my body image although I also have an eating disorder BDD.
It has worked so far for me and I would recommend it to anyone suffering with depression.
I have only been on this med for two and a half weeks and have already lost eight pounds!  Before I started taking Contrave, losing weight was an impossibility.  I am on meds that make me gain weight and I tend to binge eat.  I am now making healthy choices and my portions are half of what they used to be and I feel full.  Sometimes I notice a bad side effect. But the overall effect of this medication has been great!  I have less depression and more motivation.  Even my light workouts are better.  I feel so pumped to see what the course of treatment brings!  Losing weight for me is priceless.  I have fatty liver disease, high blood pressure and a back injury.  All would be a lot better if I lost weight.  So far so good!
I also have taken Evoxac for years. I first asked my opthomologist to prescribe pilocarpine.  He would not, telling me to see an ENT physcian for this, as he felt there were to many side effects for this type of drug.  I did get a Rx for the pilocarpine and then switched to Evoxac.  At first I could not perceive a benefit of this drug, but now I can tell when my dose (every eight hours) has worn off.Also, I do not think that I have suffered any side effects from this drug.
I was prescribed gabapentin two years ago to help with night sweats, coincidentally I noticed that having always had mild to moderate anxiety I was much calmer and only became anxious as a result of a problem or crisis. recently I had an illness with nausea and loss of appetite, so stopped all my medications for 2 weeks. My anxiety went through the roof with panic attacks almost constantly, I have since found stopping Gabapentin abruptly is a no no, I took one 300mg last night and feel like my old self already, having had a nights sleep, after 2 weeks of insomnia. I think Gabapentin works extremely well, and I have no side effects. I hope my Dr doesn 't ever want me to stop taking them, but if he does I now know it has to be a gradual process.
Did help relieve some of the pain temporarily. Worth using it at night to help relieve pain to be able to sleep.
I have been taking 50mg of Pristiq for about 5 weeks now, and just started taking 100 mg a couple days ago. I am 31 yrs old, but have been on antidepressants for 10 yrs. I 've tried many SSRI 's (Lexapro for several yrs) and never felt much better at all. I remained depressed and began to try to accept that this is just what my life would be. Finally, about 2 months ago my Drs office began doing genetic testing which can guide them on what medicines your body will respond best to. So Pristiq it was. I think my mood has lifted somewhat. I 'm really hoping it will improve even more as studies show full benefits take 6-8 weeks. 
I 've been on Viibryd (40mg) for a few months now, for major depression/anxiety. Before that, I took Prozac, but I felt like it had stopped working. The Viibryd is working well for me. I have more good days. I don 't feel sedated, just more positive and functional. As far as side effects, I get an upset stomach if I don 't eat before I take it. I took it right before bed one time and had a really vivid nightmare, so I try to take it early in the day. When I do miss a dose, I feel withdrawal more than I did with Prozac. Overall, it 's effective for me, but I have to be more careful to avoid side effects.
I have only been on this for 2 weeks but I can seriously notice a difference. I am 21 and for about 6 years (after a traumatic event) I have been suffering from &quot;severe depression&quot;. I have always had pain and always been to tired to do anything but lay in bed and cry! I can now say I am happy! Finally happy, I can 't remember a time I was ever like this. I am motivated, active, and enjoying life. It works quick. I do however have mild headaches everyday and multiple nightmares every night. I am told these will subside. It 's pricey but I really think its worth it! Good luck to everyone.
Previously on generic with onset symptoms. Now on Name brand and still transitioning from Aptiom which was not effective in controlling symptoms. Hoping name brand works.
I just started Adipex-P 37.5mg on March 6th, 2011. I am in the military and am a single mom of two. I work and go to school full time so its hard for me to work out everyday even though I 'm supposed to. I have never really had trouble losing weight until I started working night shift in May. I would only eat one meal a day but since it was late I gained the weight. I am 5 '5 and weighed 184lbs before I was put on this pill. The first day I took it was right after the doctors appointment. By 5pm and I had only eaten one piece of ham. I bought a salad after I took the pill and tried to eat it when I got home at 6 and couldn 't because I had no urge to want to eat. It 's Wednesday now and I 've lost 4lbs already.
I took this for five months and lost 35 pounds. I loved it but had to stop because it wasn 't covered by my insurance and I could no longer handle the $60 a month for it!!! Would definitely love to know which medication in this pill is what suppressed my appetite so I could take that alone! Would so take this again if I could afford it!
I stated taking Contrave a week ago I lost 7lbs so far. I don&rsquo;t feel hungry but I eat about 3X a day low carb some protein and fiber. I drink plenty of water. I sometimes feel nauseous. I don&rsquo;t like to take medications but I am trying to continue taking it because it seems like it&rsquo;s working. After reading some of the reviews I am more confident about it now. I&rsquo;ve been thinking about major side effects with Contrave but no one has reported any so far. Good luck everyone in this weight loss journey.
I didn 't like my lips looking like sandpaper for 5 months of my life, but otherwise it worked.
I used Monistat 7 day and so far its ok. At first it feels a little uncomfortable but after about 15-20 minutes it goes away. I 've seen everyone had bad results with the one day and three day... Maybe because they are stronger than the seven days. I hope the seven days works good... Today is my first day using it. Just wish the applicator was a little more comfortable!!!
Face cleared. Gained 5 pounds. No vomiting for me or irregular mood swings. Also my periods are very very precise. Only bad thing is the super decreased limbo. Just don 't care for it anymore it seems
One thing I 've learned is to avoid dairy products and too much fat about a week to 10 days before my period. I helps a lot with reducing bloating and cramps. I still have to use medication to control the cramps, but no dairy makes a huge difference.
I can 't rate this a 10 because it is DEFINITELY not perfect. No birth control method is. However, I enjoy being on it. What I like about Depo Provera is that it 's a shot I have to get every 3 months - it 's GREAT not having to worry about birth control in-between shots. I don 't have to swallow or insert anything or worry about not taking it on time.  For me, it also stops periods which is the number 2 reason I love it, the number 1 reason being that it 's very effective at preventing pregnancy.  I got my first Depo Provera shot when I was 14 to stop periods.  I kept bleeding and spotting and was told that would eventually go away by the 2 'nd or 3 'rd shot.  That didn 't bother me.  
I 've been on lexapro for several years. I have to say for some the initial side effects can be overwhelming, but stick with it because it will help most of us. You can train yourself to overcome the sexual side effects, and weight gain can be controlled through proper exercise and diet. I 'm not an active person, but have to remind myself to hit the gym several times a week. Doing so will greatly and positively affect your mood as well, so just pretend like you have no choice and GO. Also please remember there is no &quot;magic pill&quot; we have to take responsibility for our own happiness, which includes lots more than just taking antidepressants! Hope this helps some!
Started taking Saxenda on April 18th and have had only a few side effects. I have some nausea and a headache in the evenings. I 'm hoping this subsides the longer I 've been on it. I have lost 6 lbs which is an amazing accomplishment for me. I have not been able to loose more than 2 lbs no matter what diet I 've tried. I get full very fast, only eating about 1/2 what I used to eat at each meal. Sleeping great but am experiencing a great deal of fatigue especially late afternoon and evening. Will continue on and hope this weight loss continues. The doctor gave me a month of samples so I didn 't waste money if it didn 't agree with me.
After breaking my neck and back in a car accident I was given 2 40 mg Oxycontin and 6 5mg oxycodone IR per day. Over a period of 12 months the effectiveness decreased. Introduced to Opana, they worked 10x better without having the euphoric feeling (major for me). Due to cost, I switched from Opana ER 2x40mg. per day to the generic oxymorphone 3x30mg. per day. Although generic does not last as long as the Opana brand, taking 3 X per day (every 8 hours) works very well. Rarely do I have the level of pain I used to while taking other medicines. If I could take every 6 I do not think I would need to take as many IR pills as I do.
9 months in: The first period that I had on Implanon was about 2 wks later than expected and lasted about 2 wks long. Since then all of my periods have come within about a wk of when I would have expected them. Each period has been shorter in length, as well as lighter. (Usually there are only about 2 days of bleeding that are really noticeable but the other 5-8 days are just spotting on and off). I look forward to the day when it is just a few days of spotting, or less.As far as other side effects go: I have maybe one bad headache every other month. I noticed no weight gain until recently (which is probably due more so to the holidays than the Implanon!). I do have a lot of acne, especially on my chest. Despite these negatives, I like it!
Nausea after 3rd day. Some disorientation-dizziness on 6th dayNervousness-shakiness after 4 days. DOES KILL the bacteria well, though.
This was my second time trying saphris. Throughout my first experience,  it worked great for my severe depression,  but caused me to gain 20  pounds in a very short time frame. This increase in weight wasn 't acceptable, as I battle with bulimia as well. The second time around,  a few years later,  I had high hopes for this medication,  as it had virtually wiped out my depression while on it in the past, and I was taking the precautionary measure of adding Effexor to my medication regimen to help counteract the side effect of increased hunger and weight gain. The Effexor did help with decreasing my appetite;  however the antidepressant effect was not nearly as strong for some reason.  It may have even worsened my depressive symptoms.
I was prescribed Augmfnyin 875 twice a day for a severe sinus infection and just after two pills (one day) I could see light at the end of a dark stuffy congested tunnel...I began feeling much better almost immediately but a side effect that almost subways happens to me with antibiotics....I got a yeast infection! My doctor told me that this is common because an antibiotics job is to kill bacteria all whether good or bad....these include bacterial that naturally occur and are normal in the vaginal tract so my doctor usually prescribes something for a yeast infection. Other than that taken with food I did not have any side effects and feel much better..it 's amazing how quickly it works. After being miserable for days, I 'm very happy!
This medicine is great for daytime anxiety or anxiety with insomnia. Doctors give way too much of this 300mg, 500mg, etc. to non-manic patients when much smaller dosages will work. I used a HALF TABLET (12.5mg) for sleep. Lately I used 1/4 tablet (one in morning and one in afternoon) to lower base anxiety level. You don 't need to be knocked out to get relief from anxiety!
Initial use info and review. Little dizzy and nausea the first day. So far, blood sugar readings are dropping. Was around 107-117. Now at 83. A1C is at 6.7. Looking forward to dropping THAT number. Next A1C read is in mid July. No other adverse affects so far.(This &quot;Anti-Spam&quot; verification is ridiculous)
I received my first Lupron shot a couple weeks ago. In the past two weeks I have noticed that my pain isn 't as bad or as often and it was before the shot. The down side is the mood swings and hot flashes. I thought I had a few weeks before I started experiencing the side effects, but I guess not. I know that the next six months are going to be rough, but the way I see it...I 've been suffering for five years already, what is six months of hell to help make it all go away? In my opinion, the Lupron shot is worth it.
I 'm 20, 5ft and 97lbs. I 've been on Ocella for 4ish years now. I originally was on Yaz then Yasmin the. When Ocella came out I switched. For me, the experience was normal. I was moody on my periods (nothing new) and a big decrease in acne! But now I am thinking of switching to a stronger birth control, even though I 've been on Ocella for so long and love the product I think my body needs a change in medication. I 'm becoming a little more irritated then the first 2 years, my nipples are especially tender after my period which never happened before. It 's time for a change. Overall a great product if you would like to see a decrease in acne, no weight gain, no pregnancy scares, no depression or moodiness for the most part. Good for older teens!
I had Skyla inserted 9/18/15. Never have I ever been pregnant.  I was 26 at the time of insertion. Insertion was VERY painful.  While the insertion was painful it lasted only 2-3 mins. I had slight pain for 3 days with MAJOR bloating.  I spotted every day for 8 months. It was enough I had to wear a panty liner. Eventually spotting stopped. My periods are irregular, when I did get one I would bleed for 15-20 days. It was always dark, thick tissue that I bled. I had severe cramps not only on my period but randomly. Severe 8/10 pain. I just had the device removed 11/30/17. While it did prevent pregnancy and I had minimal side effects. The prolonged bleeding, the pain, and unpredictability of getting my period made me choose to remove it.
I have been using the Depo for 2 1/2 years now. I noticed during the first year I would spot lightly when I usually got my period and my cramps went away. After the first year my period pretty much went away for the most part. However, when I do occasionally get spotting, it lasts for about 2 weeks and it comes at random times. In the past year I can recall it happening three times. For me it still beats getting reglar periods and it has taken away my horrible cramps so I deal with it. The pill always made me sick no matter what brand I tried so that is another plus with the Depo.  But everyone is different and everyone will react differently.
I had brachytherapy and it  helps me pee a much heavier stream but I still feel like I have to pee all the time.  When does it end?
Started using Testim but had ups and downs and stunk like bad perfume and was changed to Androgel. Like it 's smell and dries really well but my level is going backwards again. Thinking about going back on Testim.
This is my third round of orthovisc. My great fear was the pain during the injections as well as after. I got the first round last Monday. The first knee was killer!  For the other knee she used lidocaine type medicine and then the orthovisc. Easy peazy!!!!!  I am eager to get back on my bike and ride until winter gives me no choice but to stay indoors. I am grateful for orthovisc. I 've had 3 years of success - although I do NOT recommend waiting a year between treatments. It was a bad decision for me.
Having suffered gout a couple of times a year, indomethacin was my drug of choice, combined with  omeprazole to protect the stomach. Although it did often make me drowsy and slightly upset my stomach, the pain relief was quick and inflammation would ease quickly. BUT... always continue to take the prescribed dose until the flare up has completely cleared. This time I didn 't and it came back with a vengenance, to the point indo had no effect. Now on colchicine instead which, after 24 hours, has had no effect and does not relief pain so I am in agony (GP never thought of that!). Praying this new drug begins to work soon - two nights without sleep.. keep taking the indomethacin until everything has gone... Am starting anapurirnol ASAP
Wellbutrin has significantly improved my overall concentration above all else. For the first time in many years, I have been able to actually sit down and read contently without my mind wondering. I wish I had this medication before I graduated from university, my grades would probably have been much better. I take this in combination with Cipralex. I have had no side effects with this medication.
I thought the shot would be easy due to the fact of taking it every three months compared to the pill taking it everyday, but the shot does not work for my body! I have been bleeding for over a month now. I am going back to the pill.
I have taken Lamotrigine for years. It has been effective but I have gradually had more side effects.  These reviews have been very helpful as I thought some of my problems were created by the sun, humidity or allergy.  Over time and sporadically I have had more nausea, chills, a lot of itching. If I scratch the itch at all the skin turns bright red and spreads along with itching.  The itching is horrible.  3 days after 50mg increase I have all the above side effects plus sweats, chills and flu like symptoms. Have extremely strange dreams and nightmares.  I didn 't have these side effects when I first started the medicine. They started gradually and I think it is time to look for a different medicine.
I have Spina Bifida and Hydrocephalus. I have a complicated internal body structure. I have been very very tired and after reading the side effects I do believe taking nitrofurantoin is the whole cause. Three days and I 'm on my last day of taking the drug. I am a resident of England and was born here so I 'm not insured. I am a NHS patient.
Pros: I can sleep through the night &amp; my appetite has come backCons: All I want to eat are sweets &amp; I eat more than normalI was prescribed mirtazapine by my psychiatrist because I was waking up every three hours during the night. I was never getting any true, restful sleep. Now, I sleep through the night with NO nightmares.Another reason he prescribed it to me is to gain some weight. I 've always been skinny but I have battled with anorexia in the past. Recently, due to lack of appetite, I lost 5 pounds. I was already 120 pounds so I didn 't have much to lose to begin with. I got my appetite back and I feel like a bottomless pit. I want sweets more than anything. I feel like I eat so much more than I did before I started this medication.
62 year old male, diagnosed with IBS-C at age 57.  The product literature for Linzess says it is not a laxative, but with me it operates just like a laxative.  I take it on an empty stomach, it works in 3 hours, it causes the same sort of watery stool as mag cit, but it is finished after 3 trips rather than 20, and my doctor says Mag cit will cause kidney damage, Linzess won 't.   I took Amitiza intermittently for 5 years, 16 mcg at a time, usually with similar results.  This notion that Linzess causes less cramping during buildup or that it calms the colon seems like marketing jive.  I wish it came as a tablet that could be cut, I think the standard dose is too strong for me.
Had this for 1 year &amp; 1 month to be exact. First 5 months were horrible. Irregular periods &amp; I always felt like I was pregnant, but as months went past... my periods became regular again &amp; I always forget I have it in my arm. Very effective, really does prevent pregnancy! My only concern is when it 's time to come out, I 've seen too many videos where it was hard for it to come out.
For me, it was not quite as good as Restoril and Dalmane, but it is right up there.
Have had pain all my life, some is from fibromyalgia. Cymbalta worked well for pain such as the electrical zapping sensations. However, it is much too expensive and was not very effective for anxiety or depression.
I have been using Aviane for almost a year now and I would have to say that the only side effects I noticed was my skin has been a little bit more oily and I get 3 to 4 days of spotting before my regular period. Because of this the doctor is making me switch to Ortho Tri Cycen Lo, hopefully I don 't run into any problems but I don 't even want to switch. I love Aviane.
Helped me to stop crying on a daily basis which I was doing because of my Fibromyalgia pain. Still have the pain, but have a better attitude.
I have horrible anxiety problems, so much so, it makes me physically nauseous and vomit. My stomach will turn and no appetite. After taking hydroxyzine 10mg 4 times a day, my nausea is gone. I feel like I have my life back. I was losing weight and much needed nutrients. Nothing has helped me like this.
Stomach cramps every day and night
I take 100mg 2 TIMES A DAY and IT HELPS MY PAIN BUT I TAKE SOMETHING FOR BREAK THROUGH pain. It works for me but I would start at a lower dose &amp; stay at a lower dose as long as I could. 
I have been an MS patient since I was 17, I am 29 now, I have been using Avonex for 10 years now and am so happy with the results.  I take it before I go to bed at night on a weekend, I also take a couple of Tylenol with codeine (#1) and usually only have a slight headache when I wake up in the morning.  I do get a lot of migraines, but who knows if that has anything to do with the medication or the fact that I have Multiple Sclerosis.  Avonex has worked wonders for me, I usually only have an MS attack on average every 3 to 4 years and they aren 't usually that severe.  I have relapsing and remitting MS.  I would recommend Avonex to anyone who is newly diagnosed.  It has changed my life.
I was diagnosed with ADD when I was seven, I think. I had behavior issues in my second grade class and I drove my teacher nuts with my constant distractions and my lack of focus. Little things like small talk and excessive noises triggered my symptoms and I was put on Ritalin LA when I was eight. Ritalin was awful for me. I didn 't sleep very well at all. I had periods of insomnia and when I would sleep it was very prolonged in hours of sleep I was getting. Finally, after a couple of years suffering with this Ritalin I talked with my doctor about trying a new medicine called Focalin XR when I was 13 and I am almost 18 now. Focalin XR has been really wonderful for me. My focus is better. It does cause diarrhea, and mood swings.
I 've been using Alesse for about 2 years now. It was the first BC pill that I was prescribed. I was hesitant to use hormonal contraceptives because of mood swings and spotting. However with Alesse, I experienced neither of those side effects. I can 't say it made my skin any clearer. I don 't have severe acne but it didn 't clear up my pimples. One side effect I did experience was weight gain. I am normally about 105 pounds but on the pill I gain about 3-4 pounds. I just feel very bloated. However, when I stop the pill temporarily ( the week of my period) I go back to my regular weight. I realized I could manage this by just watching what I eat and I exercise a bit more. Overall, I am pretty satisfied with Alesse!
For me, who is about to be 40 years old, I found that I had a shorter fuse than normal, couldn 't finish anything, no energy, no focus. Went in to talk with a doctor and he tested me and found that I too was ADHD. I cannot tell you that I was shocked.  He said it was bad enough to warrant 36mg starting point.  I started it on a Thursday and by Sunday I had lost 6 lbs already.  Not that I didn 't like losing that much but not the way it happened.  I have been so nauseated.  Now, days are not too bad but I feel like I am crashing at night and also very nauseated at night still. I cannot take this anymore. I will actually go back to the way I was, before I will keep up with this.  For my son at 81mg a day. It is absolutely FANTASTIC for him.
I have PTSD, OCD, severe bipolar and severe borderline personality disorder along with severe panic attacks and constant anxiety. I was taken off of 0.5 mg Xanax taken four times a day over 25 years which enabled me to live a &quot;normal&quot; life. I was prescribed klonopin instead. While it does help tremendously with the panic and anxiety, for me anyway, Xanax worked much better. I am on a slew of other meds for the other disorders I have. Just commenting on klonopin
Well, it has been about 12 days since I have taken my first shot of Simponi. I started on Saturday, August 29, 2009. I also stopped taking prednisone that day. I feel real good. I go to the Doctor on the 23rd of September. I would like to start cutting back on the methotrexate. I will update next month.  
I have been on this medicine for almost a month now. I have not experienced ANY side effects. Before I started it, I saw all these comments and they nearly scared me. My doctor assured me that if I had not felt any side effects on the birth control pills I was on before, that I would be fine. She was right, imagine that. Now obviously I have yet to have my period, we will see how that goes in another 2 months. I was on Loestrin 24 FE before this one, but it started to not work for my period anymore. So far, not a problem with Seasonique.
I was on Loestrin 24 Fe for about 6 months and never had any problems emotionally. However, I gained about 10 pounds and my acne that had never been bad became extremely severe. And it 's now slowly going away.
Well, I 've been taking orlistat for 6 days three times a day, already lost 1 kg. Although I have a headache and am slightly constipated, I am happy I have found something that works.
I had been taking Xanax and Lexapro for generalized anxiety disorder. The Xanax, at 0.25 mg, made me a zombie. Atarax at 50 mg 3 times a day works very well for me and I am able to function at work as well. The sedative effects wore off after a few days.
I have been on this pill for 7 months and it is good except for the extreme nausea and it causes me to not want to eat sometimes. So I have lost weight except in my boobs which actually stayed at my normal C cup. If you have anxiety and anxiety attacks like I do just know that any hormonal birth control can make them more frequent.
Gave myself the first injection using the Pen earlier this week.  The injection was automatic. Pressed it against my skin, pushed the button, the mechanism clicked and the injection was made.  When finished the mechanism clicked again which withdrew the needle. It was almost painless. Will repeat in two weeks and get blood tests in a few months to see if it works.
I 've had the implant in for 2 years today - and I 'm hoping to have it taken out tonight, I 've not really had any major problems with the implant, I only have a period for about a week every 3 months so I 'm fine with that, however I have put weight on and can 't get it off at all, I go to the gym and eat healthy and I only end up putting more weight on! Also, ever since having the implant I 've had thrush (yeast infection) about 3 times, and the doctors say it can 't be because of the implant however I 'm certain it is. I 'm always constantly moody and I never even want sex so I 'm hoping to have it out just so I can be myself again. I wouldn 't have one put in again just because it 's so long to put up with but if you 're happy being moody for 3 years then go for it.
I am on my 3rd Mirena (replaced every 5 years). Every insertion has been excruciatingly painful; this last time, dare I say was WORSE! I was teary-eyed, breathing through it while also screaming intermittently as my dr inched it into place; and for whatever reason, I felt the pain on my right side. I fully expected spotting &amp; cramps for a few days after. Here I am now, just under 4-weeks later, with cramping and spotting almost daily. The cramps are on my right side, which is where the pain was during insertion. I have never had a problem before now. I 've used Mirena for over 10 years &amp; have always loved it. I just turned 40, so I 'm wondering if my body is responding differently due to hormonal fluctuations that come with age.
I had possible Strep throat. First day I took it my fever rose to over 102. I was shaking, chills, rash.  My blood pressure (and I have high blood pressure) was 100/55 and my pulse was 50, I was not feeling well at all. I called doctor next morning and he switched me to Amoxicillin. I hope it works better.  Now I have a under the skin rash all over and am itching.  Guess I am allergic to this one.
It has always helped me with my lower back pain.
Without this medicine I could not sleep through the pain.
Being that I have rheumatoid arthritis and take medication for that, finding antibiotics to treat infection isn 't easy. I did not have many side effects from this medicine, as I took it how the doctor prescribed. I did have upset stomach though at first. Any infection I had, showed definite improvement within the first 36 hrs.
This medication is a great sedative, if that 's what you 're looking for. It 's not euphoric, it just makes you sleepy.  But it caused me to gain over 40 pounds in less than 2 months.  I now get depressed just looking in the mirror.  My doctor says it just makes you hungry, not gain weight, but the amount of weight I gained in such a short time is unnatural!
I have not been on it long enough. But it did control my diarrhea, not the pain. I was told because of my new diagnosis of Irritable Bowl Syndrome along with the Crohn 's Disease, they are stopping the infusions to see if the pain is not a side effect from it. This is all I know about it so far. I hope this helps a little.
I have been taking my first pack of Lo Loestrin Fe and I must say it really works for me. I was a little nervous at first because this is my first time taking birth control and I 've heard all the negative side effects of taking birth control. I have had spotting [brown-ish color] for three weeks after my period, but that 's normal for the first month. I have breast tenderness and mood swings every now and then, then again it 's expected for the first few months. I have not yet experienced any weight gain. So far I am satisfied, but I wish it wasn 't so expensive.
I have been using Propranolol for a few years for essential tremor (right hand) taking 20mg twice a day, however, shortness of breath and fatigue is now an issue and I am wondering now if the shakes are worth dealing with vs. shortness of breath and fatigue.  I have read that taking the pills during different times of the day make some changes which is something I may try.  I do quite a bit of presentation work and I find it does help with anxiety and stress of getting in front of people but I am now questioning the side affects as well as weight gain.  I walk three miles a day and believe me it is hard breathing but I am on the fence about which is the more questionable condition, shaking or difficulty breathing with fatigue.  What to do?
I 've been on this medication for just over 2 months now, taking 40mg a day. When I started on a low dose, the first 3 weeks I experienced severe dry skin, lips, and especially my nose and under my eyes even. The first 5 weeks my skin broke out worse. And from the beginning I started getting severe back pain. Now in week 9, my skin has settled down and is a tiny bit better, but all my blackheads have disappeared. My skin is still drier than usual, but it 's actually improved, and my lips are fine as long as I apply vaseline 2-3 times a day. The only significant side effect I still have is my back and bone/joint pain. So far I 'm very happy with what I 've achieved (the blackheads) and expect things to keep improving.
*Sebaceous Hyperplasia*, The one change I am most thrilled about is it got rid of all of my sebaceous hyperplasia (enlarged oil glands) bumps within the first week! I started getting these hard bumps about 5 years ago and 26 days ago, I had about 40 of them around my hairline and some on my chin, forehead, and cheek and my chest was starting to get super bumpy, today (day 26 on Accutane) I don 't have a single bump.*Acne* As far as my acne, I am definitely having a flare up and it feels like all of my blackheads are being pushed out and so my skin feels very bumpy, but as of about 5 days ago I don 't have to blot anymore and I can go 3 days without washing my hair.
I started 5/14/15 and after schpeel from my doc about 15% experience headaches I prepared myself for a huge headache by noon.  I took at 8am, no headache by noon or after..I was really tired and body aches but could be from the cold I had as well.  Able to function all day though.  My weight Thursday was 226.7 as of Saturday am my weight is 224.5.  I am learning my hunger is mental and not physical. My mental or craving are still present but not actually feeling hungry so I can stop at a few bites because nothing really tastes as good as it does in my &quot;hungry mind&quot;.  So I 'm definitely becoming aware of my triggers.  Can 't wait to see my results after 1mo.
Only day one, but I think it 's starting to work. But I had to write in - this medicine STINGS like crazy on any type of open sore. Takes an hour or so to calm down. It works great.
6 Years I 've been on this pill.It 's a great pill if you hate having a period every month. But being 22 is a lot different than being 16, and my body just isn 't liking the pill anymore. Main Con 's - Heavy bleeding, ZERO sex drive. Con 's of taking the pill in the 1st to 3 years - Painful sex due to vaginal dryness, slight nausea if took in the morningCon 's at the end &amp; why I 'm stopping (4-6 years) - Hair loss (just more hairs come out when I would brush it)  More pee breaks, breakthrough bleeding, cramps &amp; spotting when climaxing, &amp; spotting during vigorous workouts. Pro 's - Never got pregnant, stable mood, no breakouts, hair thinner on arms&amp;legsI never had spotting in between packs( until Now) or gained any weight, &amp; I 'm pretty sedentary.
Have only been using now for 1 full day, and have not notice much, I no longer have pain in my eye, not as watery but still red at the bottom of my bottom lid.  Will continue to use and see what happens!
I had my first episode when I was 12 months. The side effects I get are decrease in appetite, forget minor things, &amp; headaches. They couldn 't tell what was wrong with me at that time. At the age of 12 years old I had my 2nd episode in my sleep. I found myself crawling to my parents room because I couldn 't walk or talk correctly. When I went to the hospital they diagnosed me with epilepsy. What causes my seizures is an enlarge blood vessel on the right side of my brain. I started off with 750mg of Levetiracetam. I only had episodes when I missed 1-3 days of my medicine. Now I will be 19 years old in April &amp; I am now taking 500mg of Levetiracetam. They 're lowering the doses as I get older.
Had simmilar antipsychotic effects of Seroquel, and yet had far less sedative and flattening effects on the psyche. A great alternative to other medications with similar applications.
I first got Nexplanon May 2014 and my arm was pretty bruised after, as expected, but I had no pain otherwise. I had no periods (except for light spotting twice, both lasting less than 24 hours). I had no weight gain and no mood swings, but the first few weeks I felt so tired! I was very apathetic and exhausted for no reason - I never adjusted my eating or sleeping habits so I had nothing other to attribute it to than the implant. So July 2015 (14 month in) I had my first full blown period. Then a week later I had another and then a week after that I started spotting. It 's now Sept 15 and my marathon period is still happening. I saw my gyno and I 've been taking estadiol daily which is only slightly helping. Gonna give it thru the month :/
This helped suppress my cough from a cold but gave me diarrhea. Diarrhea seems to happen with all similar medicines.
I was just prescribed this medicine 3 days ago for high blood pressure, running an average of 139/90. I am 38 with high blood pressure and strokes that run in the family. Day two and three I have had a severe temporal headache and itchy throat. Called the doctor but only suggested sinus medication at this time. I am taking 5mg once a day.
I 'm writing this to calm the nerves of the constant Internet searches during this uncertainty period between taking plan B and waiting for your period. I had sex a day before my ovulation day, the condom broke and we didn 't realize till he finished. I started freaking out since I knew that plan B worked by delaying ovulation, though my calendar said I would ovulate the next day it wasn 't 100% certain that I was already ovulating or finished ovulating. I took plan B an hour after intercourse and asked the pharmacists if it would work during ovulation and the pharmacist told me that it is recommended at any time of the cycle. I experienced headache, bloating, nausea, breast tenderness/swelling and pre ovulation discharge till I got my period!
I took the recommended dose at 9:30 am after horrible constipation cramps and bloating. Nothing but stomach gurgling occured that entire day. I had to take another dose that evening around 7 pm. Still...nothing by bedtime. I didn 't get relief until around 9 am the next morning and from that point on I was afraid to move or leave the toilet. And it took about a full 10 hours of off and on emergency bathroom trips (those uh oh! Get up and run! kinds) to get it all out.
I started using this cream about 5 months ago for my moderate acne (.025) I started using it everyday after I washed my face before I went to bed. For the first 3 months or so my face became dry, red, and irritated. I used moisturizer to combat the dryness but it was irritating. Using my my old s acid face wash stung so bad. My acne also got worse during these first three months. A lot of whiteheads and bumps that never fully emerged. I pushed through thanks to these reviews and by the 4 month, things started looking up. Now my face is mostly clear and scars are beginning to fade and the irritation and dryness have improved a bit. To all you struggling, keep it up!
I have been on Belviq for about a week.  I must say, I got sick right away and felt awful for about 4-5 days.  It was a combination of getting a cold/cough and taking the Belviq I believe.  The side affects have been gone for two days and I feel great!  Food doesn 't even look that good and when I do eat something it is very easy to eat half or a third of what I normally would.  Like others have said- willpower in a bottle!  I will update in a few months!
I have been on escitalopram for 3 months or so. I take it for mild panic attacks and it seems to have knocked them out for the most part. A side benefit is that my OCD Hs pretty much been eliminated. I didn 't really realize that I had OCD but I guess I have always had it. Nothing severe, I couldn 't have remotes, cell phones or similar items pointing at me and at work I used to make sure I did everything in a certain order while having all my tools lined up in specific ways. I think now I do it out of habit but I 'm not scrambling to put something in order if I notice that it isn 't.  I 'm not sure what my dosage is but I haven 't experienced any negative side effects that I can think of. Hope you all have the same benefits that I do.
No medication has gotten rid of all of my symptoms but Zyprexa Zydis is one of the best I 've tried (and I have tried them all literally). I noticed the munchies on regular Zyprexa tabs but none on Zyprexa Zydis....I have actually lost weight. I gave it a rating of 8 because I still have symptoms of schizoaffective disorder but high enough rating to give it kudos compared to other drugs.
After 7 days of taking Doxycycline my Chlamydia infection went away. I had awful side effects from Doxycycline though, and I am still having them 3 days after my final dose.
Just an FYI to all on this medication. Diarrhea is the way you body gets rid of toxins. That is how you know your antibiotic os working.. The side effects of nausea and heartburn can be mangable. But diarrhea is actually a good sign that the end is near and you will be feeling better. If it gets to be too much and you are dehydrated then you should think about stopping the medication.  I would recommend this medication to help with all indicated infections.
I started taking BC pills when I was 15 yrs old. Began using Sprintec when I was maybe 16 or 17. Either way I 'm 22 now and am happy with my body and its ' cycle. I get my period usually on time every 4 weeks (28 days). I do cramp, but lighter than off OC. I have never been pregnant to my knowledge, and I wouldn 't say I 'm remotely good with taking it on time or every day. Sprintec is very reliable in my opinion, I would recommend it to someone interested or looking at BC.
I have had some side effects. Really heavy periods and about two days after I take it out, I have extreme hot flashes that make me extremely warm. I was out on a very cold day when this last happened, my head was just about soaked with sweat.
The Nilstat cleared up the white spots in my mouth within 2 days and my throat was less sore so that I could start eating solid food for the first time since radiation treatment.(10 weeks) On the third bottle but have not fully cleared all the thrush from my throat. I have had Chemo. radiation and heaps of antibiotics so I am a hard case for it..
I haven 't been on it for a long time and I have suffered from severe nausea and have thrown up twice. My appetite has lessened even more so than it was before. My acne has gone down and my boobs have grown a lot. Although I have thrown up, if it 's for acne I would suggest it.
I have sleep apnea but can 't stand a mask on me, and without drugs I wake up constantly by stopping to breath. I take 75 mg of diph. an hour before I want to go to sleep, have a couple puffs of indica (night time pot,) ( it 's legal here) and it works like a charm, I stay asleep for 5 or 6 hrs which is a long time for me, little groggy when I wake up but it goes away after a couple puffs of sativa (day time pot) I 've been a toker for 49 yrs, it 's good for a lot of uses. I am 66  My doctor says he agrees that pot is easier on the body and mind than prescription drugs for anxiety, insomnia, depression, pain,and loss of appetite. They make edibles, gum, etc for those that hate smoke.
At first, I really liked Nuvaring. It 's super easy to use and it 's nice to be able to forget about it for 3 weeks. I could feel it every now and then but it wasn 't uncomfortable, just there. After one month, I ended up with the worst acne on my back and chest that I have ever had in my life. The acne was so bad, I almost thought it was a reaction. I took Nuvaring out and within a week, my skin was clear again. I didn 't have any other side effects besides the acne, but acne isn 't something I can deal with. I 'm switching back to pills.
After suffering years of migraines, and using IMIGRAN which did not work for me, finally decided to use the nasal spray for migraines. Really works well when it wants to, but sometimes if the migraine is really bad it won 't do anything. I get bad side effects such as a swollen tounge and really sore and sensitive mouth, but would rather that than a migraine, so is good overall.
Prescribed by rheumatologist for fibromyalgia (30 mg/day); have been on for just over two weeks, take it at night. Cymbalta has helped lessen my pain and has dramatically improved my mood- happier and much more relaxed. Two side effects so far: constipation and trouble sleeping. Hardly slept at all the first night or two, still only sleeping about 5 hours- waking up very early. I like the positive effects enough to weather the cons- at least for now.
I got the Implant in March 2015 right after I decided to stop using the shot as my birth control method.  for the first 8 months, I LOVED it. No side effects that bothered me, I did not get any periods (which was what I was used to from the shot). And then for some reason in December 2015, I got a period that lasted for 42 days. YES 42 DAYS straight! Some days were heavy spotting, or light bleeding and the rest of the days were HEAVY &amp; PAINFUL. I also have been breaking out NONSTOP since Christmas, my acne has never been this AWFUL. I am ready to take this implant out of my arm and go back on the shot. :( Sad because I was hoping to stay on this for 3 years. Not worth all the breakouts and never ending periods.
I had surgery for scoliosis with spinal fusion 27 years ago.  Since then, my neck and lower back (without fusion) have been collapsing, curving, and I have been diagnosed with degenerative disc disease.  The pain began to extend to my hips and shoulders and it became impossible to function.  I had difficulty getting up and moving around, and more and more difficulty doing basic daily chores.  (I am a 51 y/o woman with 5 children - no wonder, right? ha ha).  Anyway, my doctor prescribed Ultram ER 100mg for me about 5 years ago and it has given me relief for the most part - until the last year.  I think I need to increase the dosage as I know my back is worse and the pain is getting worse, however, Ultram has been a life saver.
I still have flare ups during the day but there are times where my skin is completely free from any redness, especially about an hour after it 's applied.  It losses its effectiveness after about 6 hrs for me. After the tube is open I 've tried to stretch it out past 30 days but it 's effective is not as good when the tube is first opened I 've found. I remember it taking a few weeks when I first started using it along with a topical cream at night for my skin to start to change.  My script ran out and I went without it for a week and I hated not having it. My skin burned and hurt again when I stopped using it for that time.  Although it doesn 't completely eliminate systems it sure does help and I will not go a day without it.
I have been on the patch for a month and I absolutely love it. It 's my first form of birth control and personally I gag taking pills. Within the first month of using the patch I lost 3 pounds. My sex drive is high and my breast got a little larger. Slightly. I had cramps during my week of the patch but I didn 't mind. I rather have cramps than having my period for an entire month. I recommend the patch for anyone who wants a form of birth control who don 't want to gain weight.
having the nexplanon put into my arm was virtually pain free. I did have the bruising and tenderness around the injection site. No symptoms for the first month. Maybe a headache here and there. I have started bleeding though and it 's been every day for 9 days now. It 's not enough to be a full blown period but I have had painful cramping the first 5 days, more than with my normal period. I am optimistic tho and hope I will eventually have no period.
It worked okay for my back pains, but during the time that I first started taking it I got a really bad sore throat and if it wasn%u2019t for Mobic, I would not have been able to get out of bed.  My throat felt so bad that I could hardly talk or eat and drink, but after taking the Mobic, it took the pain away for about 3 to 4 hours before I had to take another.  Therefore, if you have a bad sore throat or any inflammatory conditions try Mobic to see if it helps.
I have been on this medicine for approximately one and a half weeks and it has improved my colitis immensely so far but I don 't think I can continue to use it because of the cost. 
I have been taking Loestrin 24 for almost a year now and at first I really haven 't had any problems with it. I loved it. I used to have my periods for a full 7 days straight and really heavy.  Now I only get it 2-3 days and its super light, which is AMAZING! Some side effects I hate with it though is I get so emotional so easily.  Another this is I have absolutely no sex drive.  We went from doing it all the time to now once or twice a month. I feel bad but what can I do.  I always get my period the day I start the brown pill and now this month I haven 't gotten it.  I want the reassurance of getting it for at least a day so I don 't freak out thinking I 'm pregnant.
This takes at least 6-8 week to kick in, but don 't just rely on the tablets. Make sure you drink lots of water and good food. I 've noticed cheese makes my acne really bad. I 've taken these tablets 1 year now, they help to an extent but I get the bad side effects, for some reason they make me need the toilet 4/5 times during the night, makes me wonder if they are trying to help my bladder as that 's what these tablets are for and my body is confused. Also get BAD headaches towards the end of the day, I 'd say as severe as a migraine. So I 'm now coming off them and going to a skin specialist instead. Not worth the headaches to me!
I have been on this pill for 2 months. The first month was ok. I didn 't feel any different beside slight water gain. My first period did not come until the 4th day on the placebo pill. The 2nd month I had nipple tenderness every single day, which sucks because it hurts when I work out. My period did not come until the 3rd day on the placebo pill. I would say it is a good contraceptive besides the nipple tenderness. I had no other side effects. I am most likely switching to a different contraceptive due to the nipple tenderness.
I have suffered from severe anxiety (GAD) and was taking more and more Klonopin as time went on.  I am very sensitive to medication and have tried many different SSRI/SNRI 's through the year with horrible side effects.  Finally, I had DNA testing to see what I would respond to and the result was Pristiq.  I started it several months ago in a small dose (I split the pills even though they say don 't do this) and within a few days my anxiety literally went away.  I was able to cut my Klonopin in 1/2 over a two month period.  The first week or two I was extremely tired but that passed.  The only side effect I get from time to time is migraines.  It still amazes me that my anxiety has disappeared.  I no longer keep Klonopin in my  pocket!
I have weened off of Effexor 150mg and 75 mg over the past 3 weeks. I started Cymbalta 30 mg 2 days ago and was still have horrible adverse effects coming off of the Effexor. Effexor worked great for my anxiety and severe PMDD, but was making me extremely sluggish. I have also had chronic back pain for the past 7 years and my doctor wanted to switch me to Cymbalta. Well, the transition/withdrawal has been terrible. A lot if crying and panicking for no reason, crawling skin, etc. I took one Vistaril, and found it very helpful.  My Dr. has prescribed Vistaril 25-50 mg every 6 hours as needed. Has been a God send to help my anxiety during this transition. It also has been very helpful for my sons anxiety as well.
I was first put on abilify in 2004. It is very effective, and has been the most useful medication for me. I have developed gallstones, have a fatty liver and have high triglycerides. It is definitely not because of my diet. I was a vegan for 23 years and I am very strict with what I eat. I now have to get my gallbladder removed and I think it has to do with taking psychiatric drugs over the years. It is well noted now that abilify causes gallstones, a fatty liver and high triglycerides. I have been in constant pain for three months and just now, after 12 years of taking abilify, may discontinue the use and start something new. Overall, for the mood disorder this was highly effective and useful in treating my bipolar depression.
Ativan is a great medicine and glad my psychiatrist prescribed me 1 mg 2 times a day. Though I use that as well as Klonopin but Ativan gets me to sleep sometimes and Klonopin keeps me asleep. Overall I believe its a God send.
I got my implant put in December 9 ,2015 and today is January 4,2016 my last period wasn 't a period I mainly spotted and agreed for about week and half I discharge brown discharge and a few head aches still have few head aches I 've also gained weight just a few pounds so far I like it I would refer it to anyone who doesn 't want kids for the next 3 years
I had a severe skin infection, and I used this medication and I had no issues.  I was told not to overdose by taking the medicine to close together but altogether a positive experience.  VERY Pricey though, that 's the only downfall.
I am currently taking Minocycline and I just got a face peel a week ago.  A few days after my face peel, my face still wasn 't improving very well. I started using my Epiduo cream and my face is almost completely clear.  It has made my face dry and it burns pretty bad, but with lotion, it isn 't bad at all.  I am very impressed. I am sure that the medication and the face peel has both made an impact on my face, but the Epiduo is helping a lot!  I was skeptical of using this product since I have read that the acne will get worse before it gets better. That has not happened to me.
It seems to work for generalized anxiety when taken in large doses twice a day (for me anyway). It does seem to cause weight gain though.
I starting taking Zoloft 8 weeks ago. I was extremely stressed out and was suffering from PTSD due to a bad car accident. After about 1 1/2 wks I really noticed a difference. Not stressed anymore but I do feel a bit Zombie like. I also have a problem with memory and focusing. Also really tired at night. Overall right now I guess it is worth the trade off. Also have intestinal issues but hope it will go away.
It works fine. I eat first then take the pill with 15-30 mins gone. Doesnt make you sleepy. 
I 've had skyla in for about a year now, and it is by far my favorite form of birth control. Some background info, I 'm 19 and have never had kids. Other birth controls affected my mood greatly, and Skyla has not affected my mood in the slightest. I also did not experience any weight gain. The only downside is my period is longer than it was before (10 days, but not heavy) and I experience cramping, but nothing midol can 't fix. I can 't even remember the pain from the insertion process now (which I got while not on my period), but that slight discomfort for a couple days it worth it for the next 3 years of birth control.
Fell asleep easily. Stayed asleep all night. No hangover.
I have been on Azor for 7 days. I also started 60mg of Cymbalta the same night, I have had severe headaches from the time I get up until the time I go to bed, also diarrhea some times 4 times a day. Azor did stop the pulsating heartbeat sounds I was having in my ears, I will see me Dr. in a few days to discuss what is happening and if I should continue this medication, I previously was on Cymbalta with no side effects so I don 't believe my symptoms are from that medication.
Wrapping up week 8 with Pristiq. First depression treatment attempt, therefore unable to compare to similar drugs. Notable: elevated mood, on-and-off headaches, sleepiness, confusion, poor coordination, decreased appetite, consistent sex drive. Positive effects of drug definitely outweigh set backs. Thanks Pristiq. Everyone is different and therefore no two people are expected to react the same.
I had no major side effects on this med &amp; it 's helped my anxiety &amp; depression. I 've been taking it for 6 months. I titrated up to 20mg. The Med was helping my mood but I had diarrhea that wasn 't temporary so they put me on 10mg.  The 10mg is working just fine for me but I still get diarrhea every now &amp; then whereas I didn 't before starting Viibryd  Something peculiar- it seems since starting Viibryd, my guts are intolerant to veggies I ate fine before I started the med. Lettuces (even organic from the grocery not sprayed w/preservatives, cooked cauliflower etc run right through me now. It 's common for ppl to have this affect w/o this med but I never was sensitive. Not sure if there is a correlation. It 's not crampy so for now staying on Viibryd.
I was happy to find these reviews.  I read through them and got some idea of what to expect.  This is my 3rd colonoscopy but the first time with this prep.  It is by far much easier than the others!  I cannot chug so I have to drink it in small amounts.  I chilled the prep, used a straw, and I bit into an orange wedge after every sip.  I don 't even know what the prep tastes like  because of biting into the orange after every drink.  Went down fast!
Overall, not too bad.  Had some mild nausea and diarrhea the first two or three days, but then drank Kefir which helped immensely.  Be sure to take as directed with some food (you don 't need a whole meal) and eat yogurt etc.  I highly recommend Kefir during Augmentin therapy.  Began clearing the infection by the second day.  Remember, most people have little to no side effects with these medications, so what you tend to read on the Internet is negatively biased.
End of Viibryd week 1 was starting to feel normal, then began week 2 at 20mg. More nausea (Ondancetron med really helps at work), no headaches this week. New symptom of gritty feeling in eyes--think it is dry eyes, so bought some good tear drops and seems a lot better now, will keep using. I switched over cold turkey from 40mg Lexapro. When starting any new antidepressant, I always take it on the weekend, NEVER during the workweek. It might make you sleep all day or be &quot;out of it,&quot; but that 's usually just an adjustment period you have to go thru. Too bad doctors don 't always let patients know what to expect.
I have been on this contraceptive for about 15 months. I haven 't experienced weight gain, but a weight loss of 3 pants sizes. Altough that 's great and everything, I 've also been sick to my stomach at least once a week, and my period didn 't stop being extremely heavy. It also jumps around a lot more, and for a few months I didn 't have one. (Wasn 't pregnant, went to doctor and had to get put on medication to restart period) but all in all I think it 's decent.
My experience with this pill has been okay but my periods do last longer now for about 8 days and I also spot in between which is very annoying. I also take the pill at the same time everyday. I don 't think I 'll be staying on this pill for to much longer.
I started taking this medication as soon as I was diagnosed with an inherited seizure disorder. Although I haven 't had a seizure ever since I began to take the medication (which is good because the meds are working) the side effects were horrible. I would often feel very disoriented and saw a great amount of weight loss. This may not apply to everyone because everyone is different, but that was my experience with this medication.
I just switched to Rythmol from Toporal and am checking it out. My heart hasn 't done &quot;afib&quot; type things but I do have a horrible metalic taste that I wish would go away, outside of that it seems OK so far. Let me know your thoughts. I am a 51 year old male.
It works very good for sleep as I have chronic insomnia due to severe anxiety, major depression. I didn 't take it yesterday and barely slept good. What I hate is the drowsy feeling it makes during day does it go away? This pill made my birthday a fine day I made a day outside feeling OK.
The product is working so well for my athletic pre-teen daughter. As she began to get very involved with sports, a lot of sweat and acne came. Now, using Duac, her acne has cleared and is under control. Her face isn 't so oily like before. She has a couple of blemishes, but nothing at all like before!
I started Viibryd -- 20 mg/day -- over a year ago, when going thru a prolonged low. Like alot of folks, I 've tried many different things in 20+ years, gone thru the rollercoaster of titrating on, titrating off, having stuff work then stop working, etc. To my surprise, Viibryd has helped -- though the diarrhea and so forth were super annoying at first (then gradually abated). Unlike most anti-depressants, I could feel an effect within first week or two, even titrating very gradually.I recently went up to 40/mg. Mood brighter, helps clear up the brain fog. Various effects on body: deeper sleep, intense dreams, increased sex drive (almost annoying), as well as GI stuff. So far, so good
Works great. I feel like myself again- positive, energetic, interest in activities has returned.
I have situational depression, never dealt with it before. Wellbutrin had definitely helped get me out of bed each day. The &quot;situation&quot; is becoming better as well but I find my emotions aren 't as out of whack. I cry less &amp; get angry less. I do feel it made me more anxious which I 'm already dealing with &amp; taking Buspirone for. I didn 't experience many side effects BUT one that is hard to deal with but because it seems to make me get through each day a little better, I deal with it. It makes my throat feel closed, which is very annoying. I feel often like I can 't breathe well &amp; that I can 't swallow or that something is stuck in my throat. I 've not taken any other pills on several days to determine that it was the Wellbutrin that did it &amp; it is.
Tried Effexor, Wellbutrin, Paxil, Zoloft in the past with no results.EMSAM has brought me out of it after seven years.  Only a little localized skin irritation.
I felt a difference right away. The only negative feedback I have is the tiredness. I can 't stay awake but I do not know if it is from coming off of ADD medication. I have been on this medication for 3 days now and already feel like a new woman! I no longer need my Xanax!
I had been medication free for over 10 years when a series of traumatic events escalated in full blown psychosis and deep depression. I was suicidal, unable to sleep and experiencing 6 hour long panic attacks. I was put on olanzapine 5mg at night and have been taking it for just over 1 year. I was able to sleep through and the nightmarish world I inhabited slowly began to clear like a thick fog. At the time I thought there was no way I would make it out alive! The deep depression took longer to lift and after no luck combining it with proxac or citalopram I hit on the right combination with Effexor 225mg. Still, the Olanzapine was my  'daylight ' drug. Weight gain has been an issue but my appetite is more manageable now and am exercising.
I like this medicine when I am on a trip and it does work fast but it 's expensive.
It makes the pain bearable. Little side effects and easy to use since it is changed only once weekly. It makes my fibromyalgia manageable.
I am a teen who suffered from borderline mild-severe acne. My dermatologist prescribed Epiduo. Nothing over the 6 weeks. She then put me on Doryx with it. I fell in love with my skin after about a week. It dried up current problem spots and never got a breakout. However, do NOT take in calcium while on this. The medicine will bind to the calcium and will not take effect. Whenever I eat a good amount of cheese, milk, or dairy, I break out. You should experiment with your diet if this medicine does not work for you.
I got Kyleena inserted yesterday and it was painful. I haven 't had a period in two years (I was on Depo Provera), so I haven 't experienced and cramping in a long time. I took 800 mg of ibuprofen an hour before and I do believe that it helped with the pain. All day I cramped terribly like I 've never felt before, so bad I was continuously puking. I also had terrible diarrhea for some reason. Today (one day later) the cramps are very small and infrequent. I still can barely eat without feeling nauseated and have diarrhea, but I assume it will continue getting better. I barely bled at all and overall I feel like it 's worth it!
I have suffered from severe anxiety (GAD) and was taking more and more Klonopin as time went on.  I am very sensitive to medication and have tried many different SSRI/SNRI 's through the year with horrible side effects.  Finally, I had DNA testing to see what I would respond to and the result was Pristiq.  I started it several months ago in a small dose (I split the pills even though they say don 't do this) and within a few days my anxiety literally went away.  I was able to cut my Klonopin in 1/2 over a two month period.  The first week or two I was extremely tired but that passed.  The only side effect I get from time to time is migraines.  It still amazes me that my anxiety has disappeared.  I no longer keep Klonopin in my  pocket!
I have dosed at 20mg and 10mg and I 've found that 10mg works best for me. I started taking cit after getting divorced to deal with anxiety (I have PTSD and my ex exacerbated this with stalking). If I take it on an empty stomach it can give me nausea but a banana or something simple fixes this. It will give me a mild headache about an hour after taking but that doesn 't last long. I do not take any other meds or herbs. I am a white female over 50. On 20 mg I felt so &quot;relaxed&quot; I tended to spend money I shouldn 't. I dosed down to keep that in check. It helps me manage single parenting stress and reduces angry reactions in stressful situations. Other than the light headaches and mild temporary nausea, no other side effects.
I started taking this because my previous birth control was on backorder at every pharmacy. I 've had acne for about 5 yrs &amp; I 've tried everything but accutane, but to no avail. I accepted that I was going to have to deal with acne. I 'm entering my third month on Junel now and have noticed a drastic difference in my skin. I was a little bummed by Junel at first because I was having regular spotting (I 'm a period skipper), but now that I 've seen this change in my skin I think I 'll deal with the spotting. It was an accidental benefit, but I 'm very happy with it. Can 't attest to the effectiveness of pregnancy prevention bc I always use condoms.
I 've been on Pristiq for 18 months 100mg. It took 4 to 5 weeks to help me have a relaxed outlook on life. I still have a lot of the side effects you are all talking about. If I forget to take the pills for a day or two I fall straight back to the place I was. 
This medication helped my symptoms tremendously. The main issue I had (and had to stop taking the medication) was low platelet count. Please if you are on this medication have your platelets checked routinely. My therapist  never told me this could be a side effect... I finally went to my family physician because I was bruising so badly.
I quit abusing medicines and drinking 2 1/2 years ago, but never thought I would quit smoking. I started taking Chantix January 17, and have been cigarette free since January 24! The freedom from not smoking feels amazing! I 've had some crazy dreams, but I have weird dreams anyway. Thank you Chantix for helping me kick the habit!
I started Contrave Monday, just five days into it now, it 's Friday night and I 've lost somewhere about 7 lbs already. (Keep in mind though, I 'm 6-5 and 290, so comes off faster.)I 'm on low carb diet (Atkins) - and am deep into ketosis, no carb cravings, and eating about 2,500 calories a day! LOL!Side effects have been a bit bothersome, jittery at times, and this sort of &quot;motion sickness&quot; feeling. Appetite is GONE.
Use for Chronic pain. This is 4 Spinal Surgeries History. Have: Spinal Stenosis, DDD, Bone Chips &amp; lots of Scar tissue.
I have taken Lozartan 50 mgs for about 2 years. I had to stop . I am with left leg and back pain for 2 month. It is a side effect.Doctor prescribe me another one yesterday. All I can say is that lozartan has too many side effects.
I 've been on Zoloft for almost a year now. I will be changing medicines in 4 days, which makes me really anxious. This drug worked well for my depression and anxiety. However, I 've been completely unable to have a good time while on this medication. I can 't bring myself to go out, hang out with friends. I do nothing. I have no motivation. The biggest problem I 've had with Zoloft is extreme weight gain. I 've gained 50 lbs in the year. 
Lots of trouble sleeping and lots of anxiety with this medicine.  It also makes me a bit depressed.  Better if you can take it in the morning instead of later at night.  Works, but there is probably something with less side effects that works just as well.  Usually given this for sinus infections, this is the first time for cystitis.
I wish I 'd known this page was here before I started this ordeal. I was instructed to drink a bottle of magnesium citrate the evening before. Then around 10 AM I drank the first bottle of Suprep, mixed with water. After the first couple of swallows, I couldn 't hack the taste, and started to chase it with (pulp-free) orange juice. I thought it tasted rather like toxic waste not quite camouflaged with chemical cherry flavor. I got it all down, and trips to the WC lasted about five hours. At first, it was every 3-5 minutes, then less often. It was like liquid fire. There was no color anymore in what I was expelling, and I made the executive decision not to drink the second bottle. My poor bum!
I was getting food stuck n my throat ended up n the hospital they put a balloon down n my chest stretched it open a little &amp; put me on 40 omeprazole it really helps with no side affects that I can tell but if I go over 4 or 5 days without taking it I 'll get choked on food but I read u should only take this med for 14 days @ a time.  I have taken 1 for 2 years every morning if I miss for a few days I start getting choked on food again should I keep on taking it? I guess either that or choke to death
I suffered with chronic pain for about seven years.  Went to many specialist who told me either nothing was wrong or I had fibromyalgia.  I tried all medications out there for pain, muscle relaxers, anti-depressants and medication for epilepsy.  As well as meds for fibro.   Nothing helped.  Finally I found a new Nerologist who put me on a combo of Amitriptyline and Prozac.  I am on both the smallest doses.  It has been a miracle for my pain.  I wish I would have known about this 7 years ago.  My biggest problem with it is weight gain like 13 pounds.  My diet has not changed and I took up running.  But no weight comes off.  I guess I rather have less pain and be a little over weight then skinny and in tons of pain:)
I first started using Turmeric about 6 months ago when I had a very bad flare-up of colitis.  I was told to use the fresh root which I placed in my blender with a teaspoon of honey (about 2 small fresh roots will be will be enough for two servings, half cup liquid).  The inflammation started disappearing and in no time there was no bleeding or mucous.  You should take tumeric twice daily until symptoms clear up, then take intermittently. I stopped taking after a while and symptoms started even with meds, but I have now re-started it and feel a lot better.  Tumeric is a Godsend.
It most definitely works at stopping my attacks when the cold hits. I used to have attacks all day, even if I just opened the refrigerator to take out the milk my hands would turn white. However, I get really bad muscle spasms. Mostly on my legs, but can be all over. I only take it when the temperature is cold and I know I will be outside watching a sporting event. I just started taking it again this week and have been getting muscle spasms in my jaw and behind my ribs as well as my calfs. It is the old things that allows me to be outside to watch my kids games so I will use it on a limited basis.
I started the depo a little over 2 years ago but took my last shot in August. Since then I have had normal periods but some times have heavy periods in between my periods so I 'm almost bleeding a month and a half . I have had horrible mood swings, &amp; horrible cramps. It was great while I was on it, I even lost 50lbs while on it.. But this sucks.
First it helped me breath I was wheezing and coughing terribly. The side effects suck. I get aggressive and irritable. Insomnia is terrible. I can feel swelling in my hands. I can feel my heart beat in my hands when I have fingers interlocked. I try to avoid all medications but this did help.
Although this medication completely alleviated all of the symptoms of psychosis, my mom experienced severe joint stiffness, cramping, muscle pain and weakness. During the 6 months she was on this, she changed from healthy and athletic to a near vegitative state. Currently she is unable to get out of bed or use the restroom on her own.
Rotated me off oxy and onto this for six months.  Works ok.
Longer acting steroid option.Gained weight and anxiety.
I switched to yaz from alesse because I heard it was better for acne. It did wonders for my skin and only having a 4 day period was nice too. However, I did notice that I was more emotional and had crazy mood swings, I found myself crying for no reason (not very good for my relationship either). I didn 't gain any weight, and had no other side effects. I only switched back to alesse because my doctor expressed a concern about the blood clots possible with this birth control, otherwise I wouldn 't have switched. Goodluck!!
Been taking it for about 4 months, lower back pain gone, heat and cold flashes, testicles shrinking, no sex drive, weight gain, My PSA number was 212 and last checked was 9 so its working. I have stage 4 where it has gone to my bones. Now I am also using Marijuana to see if it helps cancer.. we shall see........
My son was just diagnosed adhd today. He 's 5 and in kindergarten, and his problems are enough that his school almost kicked him out! He will be starting his medicine and working up to the 1mg dose after the week. I 'm really excited, and hoping to see some lasting changes. If not his dr and I have already discussed uping the dosage, or switching him to stimulates. Hopefully I will be posting again soon. Also if it helps anyone at all, my son is covered under state insurance, and I had to pay no out of pocket expense for his medication.
I just started taking Zoloft. I am a 16 year old male suffering from severe social anxiety. I was never like this before a of couple months ago. Anyway I started taking it about 5 days ago. At first my anxiety got worse. But today I didn 't feel all that bad and just hoping it gets better from here. We will see. Also only side effects. Slight headache here and there.
Taken for 2 months. Hate it. Side effects are awful :( HEADACHE, LOSS OF ENERGY, BONE/JOINT PAIN, RINGING IN EARS, NUMBNESS/TINGLING OF HANDS and TOES, LIGHT HEADED, CONFUSION, VISUAL ISSUES, SENSITIVITY TO LIGHT, COUGH, MUSCLE PAIN,STOMACH ACHE, TOO MUCH TO LIST. Does bring pressure down but may not last 24 hours. After 3 weeks my bp was finally lower than 140/90 in the mornings. Next appointment I 'm off this drug. Can 't take it :(
Worked fine at first and then after about 6 months when I took the shot, it would take 2 hours for any thing to happen.
Paxil does help with depression, anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder. It makes you lose weight but the weight comes back fast when you stop taking it.
I had taken this birth control a year ago, then went off it because I just didn 't need it. I 've started it again, I just started my third pack. I don 't have acne problems, the only thing I used to have trouble with was horrible cramps that would cause me to be bed ridden for couple of days, but my period was always light. This has for sure taken care of that, I rarely ever get cramps now. The only things I have noticed are I got moody during the first month, and when I do get a blemish (zits, nicks and cuts, bug bites), they tend to last longer. And in the last two weeks, I have noticed my stomach has bloated. My scale says I only gained under 5 pounds, and there is no change anywhere else on my body weight-wise.
My 10-year son has ADHD (combined) and ODD. Focalin XR so far is the only medication that works on my son 's inattentiveness. However, on 15 mg he was very moody and glassy eyed. Found out later that he was overmedicated. What I didn 't like about Focalin was that he became very quiet almost Zombie like. Also, the medication did not last in his system long enough. He stopped takes Focalin XR over a year now and has been on Vyvanse (70mg.) I am considering putting him back on Focalin with a lower dose.
I 've been taking this for a while, and as a fairly small lady, the side effects can be a little much at times. Sometimes it causes really nasty headaches behind my eyes due to my contact lenses. Also, I tend to get stomach pains that happen at random times throughout my cycle. However, it has kept my cycle very regular, and reduced my period from seven days to four. Great if you have irregular cycles, but the side effects can be a tad overpowering if you 're not prepared.
I have been taking APRI for about 4-5 months and love it. It has not made me any more moodier or has not changed my sex drive and my periods are way normal.
I am a 5 ' 8&quot; male 175 lbs and have Chlamydia for the second time :(. First time it took me 5 months to realize I had infection, I was having the testicle pain thinking it was too much sex! Then a physician recommended doxycycline for a week and it went away. Now, I just took 2x500mg of azithromycin. I had breakfast 2 hrs earlier, cereal and fruit. Two hours later only small stomach discomfort. I am drinking plenty water. Lets wait a week to see if it goes away. Cheers
In use for 6 weeks with noticeable reduction in muscle soreness and overall general body stiffness. Suffered for years with stiffness, soreness, lack of flexibility, and difficulty getting down on a floor to work and very hard to get up. Weight doesn 't help, but Mobic has relieved much of the apparent inflammation of muscles and joints. So far after 6 weeks I have no noticeable side effects.
My husband and I have been trying to conceive number 2 for 9 months. I have PCOS and was not ovulating on my own. My husbands tests also showed a low sperm count. Our first pregnancy was planned and conceived first week of trying. This time has been much harder and very trying. My specialist recommended either clomid or straight to IVF. I have been taking clomid for 3 months, first month 50mg did nothing and second month took 100mg and ovulated but did not conceive. I definitely know when I ovulated whilst taking clomid it was very obvious. Just finished round 3 100mg. Also had side effects on clomid such as hot flushes, mood swings and dizziness. Very emotional this time round. Fingers crossed.
My son is in his early 20 'and has schitsoaffective dissorder.He has been on at least five different medications for his illness. And nothing seem to help or if it did it lasted only for a little while or he had severe allergic reactions.  So he started clozapine/clozaril around a month ago. And it has made a big difference .The voices gradually are going away. He can actually sit and watch TV and have a conversation. He is enjoying things again. We do go for blood work every week which he does not mind. This medicine is working and I 'm hoping his blood work comes back good every week, Because to see him getting better is such a relief . And I am hopeful for a happy productive life for him. Things are looking up.
For those of you having trouble paying for lyrica, my doctor recommended I use the prescription card they offer on their website. . Hope this helps!
I 've been on LoLo since July (8 months) and I only have positive things to say about this pill. I began this rx because I wanted something super low dosage and to help mediate the horrendous pain associated with my periods. Well, I haven 't had a period since August, which is so wonderful for me! No weight gain, no break outs, but I have noticed lately that each month, about a week before my inactive pills, I 'll experience some major breast tenderness and soreness. Am I alone in feeling that?
I have been on it 8-9 weeks? Only side effect I have had outside the last two days is loss of appetite which is wonderful for a binge eater like myself. You not only get full sooner, you almost feel sick. I don 't mind, reminds me I need to keep myself in check.Until the last two days, I have not had the nausea and vomiting others seem to have. I don 't know why it decided to start. Vomited two days in a row now. Hope it doesn 't continue, I otherwise love it.
I am on it now day 2 and the symptoms are subsiding... No side effects so far.
18 months ago I was given prozac for depression and anxiety, which made me feel like a zombie, so the doctor changed to citalopram. I looked online and read that it would be very likely that I would feel worse before I feel better. I was given 20mg and felt terrible for about 3 weeks but knew I had to see it through as I had been on the verge of suicide previously. After about a month I suddenly felt like there was hope. This lasted a few weeks but then I felt the depression/ anxiety returning. Over the next couple of months my dosage was put up to 40 mg and this turned out to be the right dose for me.I specifically just waking up one day and feeling different, like my head was just free from worry and I was thinking happy thoughts.
I am a 20 year old college student and Nuvaring is the first hormonal birth control I 've tried. It 's now the second month I 've been using the ring and I am feeling great with no side effects! If you are trying Nuvaring for the first time, there will be a lot of breakthrough bleeding the first month until your body adjusts to the hormones. After the first month the bleeding stopped and everything 's back to normal. I recommend this birth control for extremely busy women who want convenience and simplicity, and Nuvaring has both. This is great birth control, I would encourage any woman to try it!
I got my Kyleena put in March 15th. The insertion was very uncomfortable but quick. I have only had very light spotting off and on since I had it placed. I have had a lot of cramping. I just hope that this birth control gets rid of my heavy periods and clots.
My Migraine headache starts with what they call Aura, which is blind spots in eyesight (eyesight will be blurry when this happens) and followed by the worst headache ever. From my experience, the Excedrin Migraine doesn 't work when you take it after the headache starts. But when you take it in early stage (which is for me, immediately after experiencing Aura), its very effective. Don 't expect you will be relieved from pain 100 percent, but at least it helps relieving 70 percent of pain.I would highly recommend to take it in very early stage when the migraine starts.
Nuvigil was a blessing when I started it 18 months ago.  I was alert and focused, not depressed, AND retained my creativity!  I think I 've become dependent upon it since I feel awful without it.  This week the doctor wants me to try going to 250mg since I 've been a bit down with shorter days and less focused.  Due to cardiac conditions, amphetamines are not really a safe option.  All said, at age 51, it 's been pretty much a wonder drug treating multiple conditions.
This is my first time to use BC and I knew the patch was the only thing for me (cannot remember to take pills)....  This is my second month and I 've noticed my boobs are staying sore, I 'm like crazy emotional and I 'm so sleepy....  But no weight gain, no acne breakouts, no red bumps, no nausea..... I was told it could take 3 months to get in your system and I 'm hoping that all this will go away next month.... The only thing that worries me is that I have no energy....  Is this a side effect????
I have been taking this pill for about 6 months, to prevent pregnancy. I 've had regularly light periods and my appetite has drastically decreased, but I haven 't been losing weight. It slowed my sex drive down in the first few months of use, but my drive is back to normal now. I am also very moody, lethargic, and constipated. However, I like it since it is preventing me from getting pregnant and it 's free.
I used Apri for 2 yrs but with a gap of a few months in between. When I got on it the second time my symptoms were different than the first time. For the first month I was always nauseous or on the verge of throwing up within literally 30min-1hr of taking the pill [I learned that eating right after helped a lot] But I decided to give it a go until the second month. After that first month I was fine. I did go through a few months of increased appetite but thank goodness I didn 't gain weight some how. Periods are not as painful, long or heavy. My minor acne decreased. my hair is longer and stronger then its ever been. My chest did get bigger now that I think about it. Overall I like Apri especially since it only cost me $9.
I have been taking my first pack of Lo Loestrin Fe and I must say it really works for me. I was a little nervous at first because this is my first time taking birth control and I 've heard all the negative side effects of taking birth control. I have had spotting [brown-ish color] for three weeks after my period, but that 's normal for the first month. I have breast tenderness and mood swings every now and then, then again it 's expected for the first few months. I have not yet experienced any weight gain. So far I am satisfied, but I wish it wasn 't so expensive.
I have been battling a C diff infection for a couple months now.  I tried a 10 day (500mg x3) course of Flagyl which didn 't seem to help much. The Flagyl seemed to increase my nausea while only slightly reducing the waves of stomach pain and didn 't seem to improve the diarrhea much at all. A couple days after ending the Flagyl, I was experiencing the worst symptoms of C diff.  I immediately went on Vancomycin.  I just finished a 14 day course (500mgx4) of Vancomycin yesterday, which seems to have cleared up the symptoms.  Vancomycin is extremely expensive (my portion was nearly $2k after insurance picked up the bulk of the cost), but after Flagyl failed, I was glad the Vancomycin seems to have worked with no noticeable side effects.
I just started using Fastin and I like it better than other diet pills I 've tried such as Hydroxycut because it doesn 't make me feel sick/ nauseous. BUT it definitely makes my heart rate skyrocket, so for the first couple days I would only take half a pill at a time. A full pill makes my hands tremble and I can hear my pulse in my brain.
Ok sooo I started taking Belviq on July 11,2015. I took 1 pill at 9a I started feeling like I was intoxicated, dizzy &amp; very tired for like a 1/2 an hour. Then my  muscles began to feel alil achy  in both arms,my cheeks on my  face started feeling achy like I had been smiling for 2hrs &amp;lil lower back pain. It all was just  alil discomfort nothing too  alarming that I needed any  pain meds for. After a couple    hours it had passed &amp; so did my appetite. Once I noticed the  time it was 7p so I made                 myself eat a salad &amp; took the 2nd pill. I didnt like the 2nd dosage because it made me feel dizzy &amp; like I just came from a bar. So I only take 1am pill a day. July 11-July18 288lb to 282lb 7 days lost 6lbs &amp; feeln good.
Has anyone gained weight on this
Prozac really worked for me. It kept my depression under control along with my anxiety. Only side affects is you can forget about sex!!! I also experienced short term memory loss.
I 've had terrible motion sickness, and nothing has worked until I used this medication. It worked PERFECT the first few times. I took it everytime I traveled in a plane. However, I 've noticed the more I use the patch, the worse the side effects have become. After using the patch, I now experience extremely dry throat/eyes/nose, blurred vision, and even nausea. Although it has successfully kept me from becoming sick while traveling up until this point, I 'm not sure if this effect will always hold true.
I was diagnosed back in 2011. I am 22 years old, about to start college and found out that I had psudotumor cerebri, it took the doctors 3 days and 2 nights to figure out what was wrong with me, I went on toprimate, diamox, and for the migraines I was also on Fioricet. I have been through many, many doctors. Moved down to KY with my family in 2013, been here for two years. I have learned to live with the pain and the headaches, I finally was able to find neurologist, and he put me on diamox. I have lost 8 IBS being on it already, tingling in the fingers, and around my lips. I no longer drink pop anymore at all, it works.
Overall experience is ok. My mix: refrigerated suprep, slightly chilled water, ginger ale. Drink as fast as you can.  After gulping down as much as you can simply suck on a lemon to get rid of the taste.  Continue process and it 'll be over quickly.  The second bottle in the morning is tougher.  Might be because your stomach is not expanded and chugging the solution plus two more 16oz bottles of water is really filling.  It started working for me 20min after drinking.  Be sure to get wet wipes.  BTW there 's no pain with the bathroom part of it, not like an upset stomach, it takes surprisingly little effort for the bowel movement.  Good luck
Took the Plan B pill 1 hour after intercourse. I took it on an empty stomach, which you should NOT do. I felt crazy symptoms for about 1 month. It felt as if I were pregnant. I have been nauseous, tired, mood swings. Horrible feeling, and it lasted quite a while. 1 week after I had taken the pill, I got some spotting that lasted 3 days. I took 7 home pregnancy tests (all negative) because of all the worry. But I just received my period today, which I am so happy about. 
I got my Implanon inserted on June 30th of this year, on the last day of my period.  I may have spotted for 2 days after about 15 days of having it.  However, it is now October 20th and I have not gotten my period yet, no bleeding or nothing, and I am not pregnant.  I may have gained about 5 pounds, but I won 't blame the Implanon, I have been bad with my eating habits.  I have not gotten acne, or cramps, or moods or anything, although I may have a little headache once in a while, but nothing else.
I have tried all methods if birth control except the shot and nothing was right for me. I always experienced headaches, terrible mood swings, nausea, weight gain and actually forgetting (the pill). I heard about the IUD, but was so afraid to give it a try because of all of the horrible reviews that I have read. After realizing that everyone is different, and not remembering to take the pill daily I thought what the heck. I spoke to my doctor and I had the Mirena inserted yesterday. Although it was very uncomfortable, not as painful as some of the postings. I did feel a pinch and cramped slightly, but the process was not that day. Today (day 2) I am cramping, but nothing that a few ibuprofen couldn 't handle. I am spotting and have on a pantyliner.
I 've been on this pill about 8 months now. It 's my 3rd birth control. Tricyclics give me bad migraines and I was on minastrin before this. Minastrin always made me really sad for no reason, too nauseous to eat, very moody and depressed and had no period. Cryselle was such a big turnaround for me. I 'm back to my normal happy self, periods only last 1-2 days rarely any cramping. Only thing I noticed was a little bit of weight gain but that could also be from switching as the last birth control made me too sick to eat half the time.
I was prescribed Linzess for my Irritable Bowel Syndrome and the constipation that comes with it. After taking it daily for a week with good results, I got bad diarrhea. My doctor told me to only take it when needed instead of every day. I feel a lot better now that I 'm not taking it every day. My only gripes are the diarrhea if I 'm not careful and the very specific time of day I have to take it (in the morning at least 30 minutes before my first meal... kind of a pain for a busy working person). It 's also pretty expensive, which gives me another reason to be glad I 'm no longer taking it every day. Besides that, it 's a huge relief to finally have regular bowel movements that aren 't a strain to pass.
I had the Implanon Implant put in October 2009 and have felt it has been the best choice for me. My period is irregular, I never know when I 'm going to get it but so far that is the worst part I have experienced, my weight has stayed steady and have had no pregnancy scares, since my period has become irregular and sometimes spaced out by 5-6 weeks I will sometimes take a pregnancy test to make sure it is indeed working and so far so good, thumbs up from me.
I started Chantix 2 and a half weeks ago and so far so good! During the first week I went from a half a pack a day down to 3-5 cigarettes a day and easily quit by my quit day. Since then, I have been around smokers quite frequently and have not had even the temptation to smoke. My only problem is extreme nausea about 20 minutes after taking a dose which lasts for a few hours. I did find that taking it with milk really helps keep it to a minimum and in some cases didnt have nausea at all. Good luck to others on their journey!!
I have taken Inderal and Inderal LA for the past 30 years with very few side effects. It helps both my arrhythmia and my high blood pressure. I felt slightly weaker and more tired in the beginning, but now I just feel normal. I have been able to live a relatively normal life and have always been able to do whatever physical activity I needed to do.
I am beginning my fourth week on 20mg Fluoxetine taken each morning. I am recovering from a long term abusive relationship with a Narcissist. I have a head injury that predisposes me to fatigue.  I asked the doctor to help me with my energy levels. I did not admit it but the underlying feeling I had was that  'everything was too much ' and  'nothing matters anyway '. But nobody would have guessed how hopeless I had become. And had been for at least 10 years. Initially I experienced all of the symptoms people warn about in the first few weeks. Insomnia and occassional extreme anxiety were the worst. Now I feel enthused about taking things one at a time and am enjoying the process. I have begun to sleep normally again. So far, so good.
I take 80 mg of Geodon in the evening for Bipolar I with psychotic features.  It really helps to cut down the visual and auditory hallucinations though it sometimes makes me pretty tired in the morning. Sometimes I have a hard time driving first thing in the morning. It is worth it to straighten out my mind.
This is the first ADD medication I have tried. In May started at 25mg 1x before bed and worked my way up to 80mg over a month. Initially, I had horrible headaches in the PM, so my Dr told me to take it in the AM; this made them disappear. I started a new research job in June and Strattera worked WONDERS helping me multitask as I moved from floor to floor. That being said, I felt like I lost my creativity, and it became difficult to hold a conversation with new coworkers/friends; I didn 't feel myself. I stopped the meds in Aug to form better relationships as I adjusted to a new place. I just started at 80mg today and that was a mistake. Dizziness, chills, racing heart. It feels like taking Sudafed. Do not start this medication suddenly!
I like Implanon for the most part. I have been on it for about a year and a half. I have gained about 5 lbs or so and I continue to have periods. They last for about 8 to 10 days but they are light and I get them every couple of months. I have noticed that my breasts are very tender and I haven 't seen others talk about that. Anyone else have that problem?
I just started my 3rd week of active pills yesterday and so far so good. Before Aviane, I was on the Depo shot for a little over 2 years and I had so many problems and was miserable. So far, I 've had nothing serious. A little bit of breast tenderness, few cramps. My sex drive has definitely increased from what it used to be. I take my pill at night but haven 't really had an nausea. Going on my 3rd week, I sort of feel like PMS symptoms but it could also be stress. Hard to tell. Overall, I 'm happy with this pill.
Bydureon helped me get my A1c numbers down. If I would just follow the rules and eat right, it could do wonders. Also, for those getting the nodules at the injection site, put an ice pack on the site for about 15 minutes and you will probably not get a knot. Works wonders for me.
I started this medication in December of 2016 the first month on the 2 in morning and 2 at night was hell. I could barely eat was always nauseous dizzy constipated lost 8 lbs the first month than the 2nd month I lost 2 this last month I have lost another 8. Start weight was 188lb down to 172lb I had higher expectations for this drug.. but so far no other drug over counters have worked thats why I turned to this drug.. the last week or two I have found my self eating unhealthy again and having cravings - I am hoping this is only bc I started my monthly.. I would recommend this drug if all else has failed. The side affects for this drug sucks at first but hang in there they will fade.
For severe panic attacks, the only medication on the market for this is lorazepam, taken just before or at onset of attack.
I 've been taking Aviane for about 2 months going on three. The first two months were great now that I am on the third pack I 've been feeling really nauseated. Although it did help with severe cramps I do not like feeling like I have to throw up all the time. It also cleared up my face a little.
Marplan has been very effective on my bipolar depression. I have been on nearly every antidepressent available with limited or short-term success only. I have been taking Marplan for 3 months and have reduced my symptoms from continious to occasional. My side effects were severe hypotension, muscle pain, weight gain and inability to have orgasms. Everything has gone away except for the last two.
It helps with the constant horrid intrusive thoughts, I still  feel like I 'm behind glass, although I 'm easily destabilized, the sedation helps calm me, I 've put on 6 stone in 4 years, restless legs and sometimes arms,however for me, I would take this medication because it 's giving me enough stability to stay &quot;living&quot;
Take as directed x amount x times a day. Has helped me BETTER than Ativan. Also am on Prozac 20 mg a day.
I switched from sub 's to zubsolv due to my insurance co would no longer pay for suboxone.  I pay 0 dollars  with my ins plan for zubs compared to almost 100 bucks for sub 's (big favor on my part). The zubsolvs not only dissolve easier but taste better.  My dose is 5.7 -1.4mgs &amp; I 've actually tapered down from 2.5 pills per day to currently 1.5 which is great.  Zubsolv = A lifesaver for me
I have been on Effexor XR for about 3 months now (75mg), and it 's done a great job of controlling my anxiety. For the first couple of days, my anxiety skyrocketed, but I supplemented with Ativan to help with that. then on the third day, I woke up and felt totally normal. It does make me a bit tired, but I also sleep better - and I do have very vivid dreams at times (not scary, just vivid). Also makes me a bit apathetic, but it 's better than living in a constant state of anxiety.  I 'd had bad reactions to Lexapro and Zoloft, so I was happy to find something that worked. I hope to come off someday, but for now, it 's giving me what I need.
Worked very well for my severe panic attacks. I 've used this med as a crutch for a couple of weeks until Prozac levelled me out. My concern was the severe dependency issues that come with prolonged usage. I took it once a day in the evening for about three weeks, I felt  like I was losing my sanity. Combination of Klonopin in the beginning and Prozac to level me out  worked very well for me.
After hearing from friends about how great Nexoplan was (no periods and no pills) I decided to try it myself. I got Nexoplan April 2015 and the 1st week I bled. After that I was period free, or at least I thought so. I would randomly get my period and it would last for about a week. It is now November 2015 and I 've noticed I have slowly gone crazy. I 'm very irritable, moody, emotional, depressed and just negative all the time. My periods lately have been very heavy with a lot of blood clots. I have to change my tampon every two hours or it will bleed through. Definitely getting Nexoplan out of my arm and going back to the pill. Such a shame, I was hoping for no periods :(
Worked good with slight side effects (currently pregnant) frequent twitching of the left eye, and very bright yellow colored urine, dry mouth. Side effects were not severe enough to discontinue and the infection was effectively treated.
I switched from the shot to the pill Bc the shot increased my appetite and I felt like I was going crazy with my emotions on the shot. Since switching to this pill, my appetite is back to normal and my crazed emotions are no longer existent. Would recommend
I have been taking nuvigil since 2012 started on provigil built a tolerance against it in 2 months. I take 250 mg a day but I split the pill and take each half at specific times usually  between 6-9 am the other at 3pm to 6pm (depends when I took the first one) seems to help me stay awake a little more that way. It lasts for about 1-2 hours on me with each half.
I began sertraline 50 mg approximately four weeks ago. I wasn%u2019t sure weather to take it at night or in the morning so I experimented with both. I found that during the day I would become very lethargic and yawn constantly with little energy but would then wake up in the middle of the night stimulated regardless of the time I took it. This frustrated me as I have always had a good sleep schedule and am an active person during the day, but I had read that others had experienced similar side effects and the effects eventually ceased. I felt better for several days%u2014not as downcast, brooding, heavy. After three weeks of taking it, the effect seemed to even out and I found myself struggling with feelings of hopelessness and doubt again. I felt better, certainly, just still struggling%u2014I don 't expect a pill to %u201Ccure%u201D me of negative thoughts. I know I have control over my own thoughts, but it was that feeling of heaviness that tends to settle upon me%u2014like a dark cloud. When I went back to my doctor for the follow up, he increased it to 100 mg. I said let%u2019s try 75 mg first. He agreed. Within a couple weeks of taking 75 mg I still yawned a lot but I wasn%u2019t having trouble with lethargy and sleep issues as much. My attitude was much better. For example, I found that I really am a funny and silly person! I forgot that I was funny being under depression. I didn%u2019t realize how serious I had become, how reclusive. I also found my creativity really opened up. I had forgotten how creative I was. I also have been going to the gym and eating well. I try and smile and interact with people more%u2014even if I don%u2019t feel like it. I may just greet people or hold the door for them but it%u2019s better than me avoiding people like I used to. Some days are harder than others, but I can say that overall my experience with sertraline has been positive.
I started this bc pill to regulate my period and then used as a birth control option. I always use a condom too so I can 't give an honest opinion on how well it worked in that department. My shoulders and back had some mild acne but it 's all cleared up by now, and I 've been on the pill for 6 months. My face still get the occasional bump or two, but nothing nearly as bad. My body synced up to the pill and my period is light and only 3 days long.The worst side effects are nausea and the mood swings. I cry a lot easier now and seem irritable. The spotting stopped within the first two months of taking the pill.
I have been taking Concerta 54mg for 10 years now. In early 2002, I was put on Adderall 10mg. The first day of the 10mg, I came home from school and said, &quot;I 'm never taking this again.&quot; Twice I tried to pick a fight with my classmates. Concerta was like a miracle. I could focus on my work (instead of splitting my attention between my work and drawings or books or video games), and I didn 't feel any major side effects. A couple years after starting it, the difference, minor at first, was remarkable between the days I would and would not take it. I 've had increasing depression for the past 5 years, though, and I 'm wondering if it 's because of the Concerta...
Been taking Otezla for 3 weeks. The first week I had a mild but persistent headache, bad heartburn and nausea, bloating, and muscle cramps in my legs. By the second week the headache was gone and down to slight nausea for a few hours after taking a dose. PsA is much improved, lesions are slightly better. By the 3rd week I am having very slight nausea but the PsA is almost gone. My knees, back and hands and feet feel almost normal. Lesions are still improving but very slowly. I 'm still using steriod topicals and an occasional dose of Naproxen for joint pain.
I 've only been on Paxil for about two weeks, but I can already tell a significant difference. I 'm feeling much more optimistic, and much more motivated than I was before going on the medication. That being said, my sex drive has dropped and I also have trouble urinating sometimes.
My 3-yr old had severe, rare behavioral side effects to all the other asthma controller meds; they changed him from a shy, sweet boy into an angry and aggressive one. With Alvesco he is a LOT more himself and only slightly angrier and energetic. I recommend trying this medicine to see if it works better for you, too. It has kept our child out of the hospital and we are thankful for that.
I have just finished my Second month on Sronyx. First of all I had clear skin before I started taking this birth control pill, right after I began to take the pills my forehead started to breakout in pimples. I was very unhappy about that but my doctor told me to wait it out for the first 3 months in order for my body to adjust to the hormones. While on my second month I broke out BAD the week before my period but it was due to my period coming up. My only side effect is me breaking out, if it weren 't for that I would be giving it a 10! I have no other side effects or mood swings which I love and it actually helps me control my hunger I don 't feel as hungry as I did before which has helped me lose about 8 lbs!
I 've been taking Celexa for a few weeks now. I 've gained alot of weight.. so much in fact we thought I was pregnant! AND I 'M NOT! I 've been feeling nauseous, and having cramps. I dont want to have sex anymore and when we do I can 't have an orgasm. My period is down to just barely anything (I have an IUD that I 've had for 3 years). Celexa does make me a happier person. I 'm playing with my kids now, which before I wouldn 't. I just wanted to be left alone and wanted to play my computer. Now I do things with my family, I feel happier. 
This medication was prescribed to me for appetite suppression. I have been on it for 6 days now and have had no real side effects. I feel I may have had some depression issues I was not completely aware of, as I feel a bit more positive and in better spirits.  I think it 's too soon to tell overall how well this medication works.  As of now, I have not experienced appetite suppression.
Was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia at the start of the year having suffered with severe neck and upper back pain.  The deep pain especially in the upper back right in between the shoulder blades was unbearable most of the time.  I had the symptoms for over 2 years before the diagnosis and had almost 80 sessions of treatment with 11 different therapists. Anyway started taking duloxetine, gabapentin and Cocodamol in January.  Started gabapentin at 300 mg a day and built up to 1800mg a day by the end of March.  Over the last few weeks I feel that I am starting to get my life back.  Not totally pain free but I now have spells where the pain is bearable.  So if you have just started on this,  be patient and fingers crossed you will get relief.
In my opinion, there are a lot of pros and cons for this medication. I took it for a while with no ill effect, but something must have changed, and it made me feel extremely ill (dizziness, heart palpitations, nausea, headache.)  I stopped taking it because of this and definitely noticed a difference. I think that taking a half a pill every few hours has eliminated my problems with the medication and works to keep me awake and focused for longer.
I began Contrave in early 2015, and as of July I have lost 25 pounds. This is significant because I was not very big to begin with, and I stopped taking the medicine for a few months in the middle. I began as recommended, and the side effects hit me immediately. I was nauseous, constantly tired, had abdominal pain, lack of focus, and I became sick any time I put any food in my mouth. I guess it was a great way to lose weight, but not the way I wanted to do it. I was miserable. So I quit for a while, but decided to give it a second chance. I did not increase my dosage as quickly, and I only went up to 2 pills a day. I still have occasional loss of concentration and fatigue, but it is no where near as bad, and I 'm losing weight.
Started the trial exactly 2 weeks ago. Weighed in at 305, 5 '9&quot; I am at my heaviest weight, even heavier (20#!!) Than being 9 months pregnant. First week I lost 8#, it makes me super tired, a little crabby, and I get a small headache. This week I went down to 1 pill a day hoping it wouldn 't make me exhausted. Still tired and only lost 2.5# but also on my monthly this week. Ugh. Trial is up and I am not sure I want to fork over the $75 each refill. I 'm conflicted. So yes it helps curb appetite and helped me lose over 10#! But I 'm also drinking a ton of water and working out 3 days a week.
First impression: Just got recommended this by the dermatologist and used it tonight. So far it seems fine, just annoying to apply as a lotion on my scalp since my hair is thick and my seb. derm. is all over  in different places on my head it took like 20 minutes. I might use it as a rinse depending if I got in on all the way or not by applying it as a lotion. It definitely calms the itching but feels a little stingy which is common and normal I just have to adjust to it. The smell is not really noticeable it smells a lot better than Tgel. It feels more like a oil than a lotion. We will see if this works! Fingers crossed in the mean time I 'll hide in my french beret hat hoping that my head will clear up.
Okay I 'm writing this review for all of the young ladies who are afraid to get the skyla. I got it today and IT DOESN 'T HURT at all. It 's all of a 10 minute process, if that long . They give you a medicine to take the night before and as long as you take that you 're good to go . I also took something for cramps about 30 minutes before the appointment. When inserted you only feel MILD cramps , just as if you were getting your cycle. It 's not painful and trust me I don 't take pain well. I 'm 19 and this is definitely the best decision for girls our age . Not having to worry about any surprises for three years is something we need !
I had Shingles in March and was given two meds - one was an antiviral and the other for pain.   The pain pill they gave me didn 't mix with my meds.  I went without the pain med.  Then the beginning of April the pain came. It got worse and worse. April, May, June, July ever increasing pain around the shingles area. Went to my family doctor in Jul and she prescribed Doloxtine 30mg.  Well I read the pill first.  I read and wanted to avoid ALL Side affects.  So I continued without the pill and took tramadol and a local ointment.  The pain was constant and intense. Aug 3 back to my family Doc. She insisted I try the  Doloxtine about 3 days later almost no pain. Yesterday she increased it to 60mg.  So far so good, I shouldn 't be so stubborn.
My 10-yr old son has been taking 1 mg Abilify in the morning for the past 4 months.  He used to be prone to loud shouting, hitting, spitting, etc. at home, but now little things don 't bother him as much and he 's easier to reason with.  No side effects from this dose seem apparent so far.He 's also taking 36 mg Concerta for ADD symptoms which would otherwise keep him from functioning for more than a couple of hours in the classroom.  He 's also taking Depakote for seizure control.  He 's been seizure-free for 2.5 years now, and we are gradually reducing that dose to zero.  Eventually, we hope to reduce all these drugs to zero, one at a time.
This drug is fine for me. It makes me feel foggy, tired and just out of sorts for a few hours but i can still function. The headaches are the worst part. I 'm on day 4 so I 'm sticking it out!
I just started Adderal 20mg about a week now. Before I was on 10 mg, not extended release, just tabs for (2) months. I 'm always so tired. The higher dose helps me stay awake and function through my days. Glad something works, so far no side effects noted.
I have been taking Buspar for 8 days now. It was prescribed for irritability and anxiety. I walk around feeling nauseous and frequently have chest pain, palpitations and just constant worry. So Started out taking 7.5 mg morning and night and just increased it to 15mg morning and night. I noticed a difference with the irritability almost right away. I 'm definitely able to enjoy things more since I don 't feel like screaming at everyone I meet! Side Effects- I 've experienced some mild to moderate dizziness. But the weird thing that I 've had is a fuzzy tingling sensation that goes through my whole body. It lasts for maybe 2-3 seconds but happens every few minutes for about 30 minutes after I take a dose. It 's worth it though.
I would say it works pretty good if you catch them in the beginning,if not it could take longer to heal. I have had cold sores for at least 20 years and the best stuff I ever used for them was a product called licrogel in a little white jar which was made from scientific botanicals which I just found out today is out of business. I think the good ole FDA had something to do with it because it was a natural homeopathic product. It soothed instantly and healed fast. It used to come in a 1/2 ounce jar for about 10 bucks but in recent years it was a full ounce jar for like 20-25 dollars...but you could get several outbreaks out of the one ounce jar.
Hi my Dr started me on this today.  I have mood swings, low energy &amp; depression. I am scared too death of medicine.  I read the reviews &amp; that has helped ease some anxiety...but I am still a little scared.  Thank you
I 'm 15 years old and before being on this I was a MESS. I was so anxious all the time I left school and it was just so bad I didn 't hang out with friends for months but after being on it I can 't even begin to explain how great I feel. I never feel nervous or anxious for ANYTHING I 'm back at school , going to football games , hanging with friends everyday , and making new ones . This is the BEST. I have felt in so so long , probably ever! I 'm so thankful for this medication ! It takes about 3 months for it to actually work but I HIGHLY suggest it!!!!!
I was terrified to get this, but made the decision after I could no longer stand being on my birth control pills anymore due to severe migraines and upper lip pigmentation! The process to get this is quick and painless. However, it was very sore and painful the first few days and it did not fully heal, for me, until about a month. I was nervous about the constant bleeding, as a lot of people reported, but only had a period for ten days than nothing since then. No headaches, weight gain, bloating... The only thing is I find I 'm more sensitive and moody, but I don 't know for sure. That could just be because I moved across the country at the same time! I can feel the rod and have a tiny bit of pain once in a great while, but nothing bad. I recommend trying.
Overall I 've had good luck. I went on it to treat my acne. For the first 2 weeks my skin on my face and back got SO bad. Everything was inflamed to the point where sitting &amp; leaning up against something was painful. Also, for the first month (my hormones where out of whack trying to adjust) so I was having intense mood swings. I was annoyed/ easily irritated by everything and had no patience causing me to snap at times uncontrollably. When it got to this point I wanted nothing more than to get off the medicines. But I 'm so glad I stayed on it. After a month things got better. My body adjusted. No more severe mood swings &amp; my acne is clear. I occasionally get breakouts the week before my period. No pregnancy &amp; no weight gain either. Definitely try it!
I have lost 38 pounds on this since September, 2013. I am on a diabetic diet and a fitness program also. This medication has helped me a lot! Taken the edge off the hunger and helped me get my glucose levels under control. There are some side effects, but many of them went away by week 3. Metal taste in my mouth, headaches, constipation (has not gone away), and dry mouth/bad breath. This is not a miracle pill. You will have to work hard, and make good choices. My Doctor is helping me learn how to make better choices and make healthy living a part of my life.  I plan on being on this medicine ONLY until I can successfully learn how to control my glucose levels and follow a plan consistently.
This medication worked great for me to get rid of my headache. When I take it before I feel a bad migraine coming on, it alleviates it before it gets bad. My only complaint about this medication is I get really bad heart burn and I really do not sleep that well while I am on it. I guess you can%u2019t have everything.
I 've been on Lexapro for maybe 1.5 years, and this drug has worked pretty well in reducing my anxiety and depression. I started on 10mg which may have helped a tiny bit, but I still felt awful. A month or two after having my dose increased to 20mg, I started to feel better. Lexapro helped me lift myself out of my ~6 month long period of anxiety and depression, but I wasn 't &quot;cured.&quot; I still have mental issues which I need to work on. In terms of side effects, there were almost none. I got headaches right when I started and also after going on 20mg, but they only lasted a few days. I also find my long-term memory is a bit worse, and time seems to fly by faster.Oh, and it 's super cheap if you can get the generic version.
Works great to control my migraines it cut the frequency in half. Before starting this medication I would suffer migraines 3-4x/week. And the days that I didn 't have a migraine, I still felt &quot;foggy&quot;.  However after only 6 weeks on it I gained 30 lbs, had urinary retention.
short-term OK for pain would not want to take long term I am a cancer survivor and my most of my body hurts all the time I have yet to find a pain medicine that is safe and effective and non-addictive that helps with this side effect of massive amounts of chemo it 's been 6 years and I 've been living in pain everyday I understand why Colorado and California legalize marijuana I don 't smoke pot I used to. but if someone comes over with a joint I may take a hit and I will say that marijuana does help the pain I would not want to use as a recreational drug but it does help the pain better than any opiate that I 've ever taken
So I decided to try nexplanon BC you don 't have to remember to take any pills... Well problem is I have been on my period for 3 months straight and its still going strong. I have had to take more migraine meds these past 3 months than I have in my lifetime (I 'm 28).  I went through more pads and tampons than I ever imagined possible. Men always joke and say how could a woman bleed for 7 days and still be alive. Well I have now been bleeding for over 90 days and I feel like  I 'm dying. I haven 't removed it BC it cost so much to get put in and I really don 't want to get pregnant. :(   I have felt depressed. I am so emotional to the point where if I wake up tomorrow and  still bleeding, I might just cry. LolLost 15 pounds though :)
I was extremely against Xanax because of knowing people who abused it, and being someone who will try homeopathic cures before using prescriptions. That said, it really helps me. I have anxiety I would describe as anywhere from mild- severe depending on the day, and week. But sometimes I get in these intensely anxious thought patterns, where I cannot let go, its terrible.Taking medication during these periods is a god-send. It allows me to return back to my normal non-anxious self. I rarely have noticed sleepiness as an effect of the medication- only when I was already sleepy before taking it. If you don 't abuse your dose, it shouldn 't cause you to feel out of it or have memory loss, if you truly suffer from anxiety. That 's my experience
I was diagnosed relapsing-remitting Multiple Sclerosis MS April 2016. August 2016 and February 2017 the MRI showed minimal activity. My neurologist advised me to start using Copaxone, 3 times a week - 40 mg. I 've been injecting myself without the auto injector and so far so good. I only inject in my belly and legs (in the evening).When injecting in my belly I experience a burning/itchy feeling. This fades away after an hour. It 's an awkward feeling but not a big deal.When injecting my legs I experience stiffness of my leg muscle. After a few hours it is gone. The stiffness is a nuisance but not a big deal.Next morning, no more itchy sensations or muscle stiffness. All gone. Because I am only using it for 2 weeks I don 't know if it helps but so far I am very happy
I got a UTI maybe a couple days after my cycle ended and was trying to do home remedies, but my boss told me it 's better to get antibiotics so I don 't end up in the ER. I am on my third day of Macrobid and the only thing it really does is make me feel better, aside from using my energy to help me get better. So I really only feel fatigue, but I drink lots of water or things with Vitamin C, to help as well, and I take the capsule with bread. Other than the fatigue, it 's dealing with my UTI so I can 't complain.
Just after taking the 4 pills around two hours ago, half an hour after taking them I started feeling really sick and had the worst cramps in my stomach. I went asleep for an hour but it didn 't help, still feeling extremely sick and crampy. The doctor never warned me about these side affects and sounds like they 're pretty common. No more sex for me, not going through this again.
i am using this medicine since 1 week. I have watched, the time i am using it to my head 20 -  25 hairs are come out to my hand. is that  happened with everyone whrn you all started using. This is my question.
I was experiencing some awful symptoms such as chest pains, shortness of breath, and heart palpitations.  Even though countless tests showed I was in great physical condition, I found it very hard to believe that such things could simply be caused by anxiety.  I guess I 'm a believer now!  I am on 10 mg Lexapro and the difference 2 months on this medicine has made is fantastic.  When I once feared I would be crippled by these anxiety symptoms, now I can barely even remember them.  I 'm feeling like &quot;me&quot; again.  Side effects included digestive problems (went away after a week or so) and insomnia (countered by taking Lexapro in the morning).  SO RELIEVED!
I 've tried a few antidepressents. Zoloft, Wellbutrin, Remeron...I 've been on Prozac for nearly three months. I was prescribed 20 mg a day for the first month and told the doctor I didn 't notice anything. She still kept me on 20 mg a day for the second month. Still nothing, but drowsiness was a problem (gone now).I 've been on 30 mg a day for the past three weeks, and in the past week or so, I think something about me is different. I rarely have the suicidal thoughts I did before (I still do though). I 'm also normally really awkward, but now I feel natural when I say something, no shaky voice. Idk how to explain what I 'm feeling.The past week I 've been pretty nauseous though. I usually eat a LOT though so I don 't mind it
Oxytrol seems to be the best medication for me. I have only tried one other for the overactive bladder.  However, this was the best medication due to the side effects, which were basically unnoticed.
I have been on Femara for almost a year. At first I had nearly constant hot flashes/night sweats. Was started on Effexor with nearly immediate relief. Have had increasingly painful joint and muscle pain, especially in my knees. Nothing seems to be helping much with that and it has been a major detriment to my quality of life. Have recently added Magnesium, Fish Oil and Glucosamine/Chrondroitin to the Calcium and D3 I had been taking. Hopefully this will ease the joint stiffness and pain. I am 52 and some days feel 92. Still I am cancer free so far, so I will continue to take Femara.
Works well but the taste is horrid.
Worked well for me
I have previously taken Doxycycline before at the age of 14 due to acne and I found it really effective for about one year, afterwards I went on a course of Roaccutane for 6 months and my skin was crystal clear. About one year ago my skin started to break out again. Really bad breakouts and in such noticeable places. I am 18 now and I have started on a course of Doxycycline again and this is my first week of treatment, I am already noticing results. I have had a few small breakouts but nothing like before. My skin is healing quicker and the redness is slowly going away. I expect to see better results around the one month stage but so far I am happy with my results.
I have been drinking nightly for 2 years now to sleep and it became excessive. My psych prescribed this to me and I took the 1st dose last night per directions. It 's 11am and I am jittery, can 't focus, shaking and my muscles hurt. Didn 't sleep a wink last night. Should I split the dose? Take a different time? I drank a beer to help me calm down but it tastes like crap. Thoughts?
I 'm rating an 8 based on the insert. I took 800mg of ibuprofen an hour prior to insertion. It was painful- 5 on a 1-10 pain scale. This lasted for less than 30 seconds. After, it was an odd feeling-but nothing more than feeling like you have to poop. I was light headed for 3 minutes after. I ate crackers and drank water while sitting. I 'd advise eating before. I went in hungry and feel that is what made me light headed. I drove after and went to the market. The first hour after- I had the &quot;poop&quot; feeling, just awkward. It 's been 3 hours now and I feel totally normal. For now, I 'd highly recommend. Different for everyone though- so take meds and don 't make plans for the night. Relax! Will update soon.
I suffered from a major bout of anxiety in my sophomore year of high school and it made life very difficult, I grew agitated and jumpy and the summer between my sophomore year and junior year, I started taking zoloft after talking to my doctor and was clinically diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder, social anxiety disorder, and major depression. After being on it for a while, I noticed that my depression was getting better, when combined with therapy, I also felt less anxious at school unless I was in large crowds. This medication has been a huge help but going off of it for extended lengths of time has lead to sudden and small panic attacks without cause.
I find that the medication works very well and have had little side effects until I was out in the sun for an extended period of time and fainted.  Have never fainted before and attributed it to dehydration.  Drink lots of water!
Zantac has been very good at keeping my heartburn/reflux under control. 
I 've been taking the pills for 4 months now. I was using  the mirena for 7years prior. Pros: no pregnancy,very light menstrual cycle, and no spotting. Cons: 1 st month pregnancy symptoms, ongoing: increase appetite,  bigger breast with sore to touch, and headache from time to time. If you can control your diet and exercise the weight gain won 't occur or would be more manageable.
Panic disorder took over my life. I had racing thoughts that would keep me up at night, nocturnal panic attacks, derealization and depersonalization, auditory hallucinations, and occasional paranoia. My doc first tried a beta-blocker, then an SSRI, both which did nothing to help me, before starting me on 0.25 mg risperidone. After about two weeks I started to feel a lot calmer. Instead of fearful thoughts sticking with me, they 'd just fly out of my mind. After 3 months panic-free, I stopped the med due to side effects of forgetfulness, apathy, and weight gain. My forgetfulness got pretty severe by the end, but it really helped me snap out of the vicious cycle of panic disorder, and I 'd take it again short-term if I needed to.
I 'm giving this med a 7 so far just because I haven 't had any real side effects with it, like I did with another bp med (can 't remember the name). However, @ 25mg I still have bouts of high readings, so when I see my PCP this week, she might raise it to 50mg. I will say that I prefer to see a Cardiologist for this because I am terrified of exercising. Yes, I know exercise and weight loss can lower my bp to healthy levels, but I can 't understand I can exert myself while having high bp. Shouldn 't it first be controlled with meds first before exercising?
I took Trinessa for a year and had no negative side effects, but I decided to try a few other birth control pills in an attempt to have a shorter period. Every single one of them left me moody, depressed, and my sex drive was completely non existent. Trinessa is the only birth control I 've been able to find that both helps with acne and doesn 't destroy my sex drive. However on the last week of active pills my breasts usually feel heavy and sore and I will break out a little more than the rest of the month.
First time I used the patch, I only started using it 2 hours before the flight and took it off as soon as I got to the place I was staying - about 11 hours. I was very sick for 2 weeks - nauseous and vomiting when in a vehicle. I was alright on the flight but not after I took off the patch.The second time I used it, my auntie who introduced me to the Transderm Scop patch told me I  have to leave it on for 3 days and only take it off for shower and put it back on the same place making sure it 's dry first. This time I was good. Never felt dizzy or nauseous after 3 days of using it. I never use the patch for more than 3 days and only use half of the patch as it is a small round one. Been using it 4 times since 2005 and it is a life saver
Have been a caregiver  for my mother  who has dementia. Doing  this and working is a challenge  some days. Coming  home after  working  and having to deal with my mother (yeah I know this makes me sound  like a bad guy)  was sometimes  overwhelming.  At times I would dread coming home. Anxiety  would  drive me crazy.  After  being on it for  about  2 months  have helped.  And I can 't say I really had any  bad side effects.  It has helped.
Fantastic, at first. I received relief from Fibro pain throughout my body and some rheumatoid arthritis pain. (Oddly, I did experience a new pain in the very center of my lower back after beginning Butrans). Once I increased to 20mcg, after 2 days of applying the new patch, I would vomit, nausea and headache. Then, my depression got so bad, almost to the point of hospitalization. Butrans did help with my pain, but the side effects were just too much.
I was in constant pain caused by OAB spasms causing friction on bladder walls.  Three days on this med almost completely stopped my pain.  A month later, still nearly pain free but having frequent, daily headaches and calf cramps nearly every night (even with potassium supplements).  Love the medication, not enjoying the stress effects.
Love the results we 're getting, but now we have side effects - severe side effects.  Just found out by coming to this site that it can cause seizures, which is what we are going through now.  My son had a seizure last night, but the ER doctor told us that there 's been no reports of it causing seizures...hmmm...interesting.
My dr. had me on Wellbrutrin for several years without much improvement and I gained a ton of weight. She changed me to Viibryd  about three years ago. It helps with most of my depression. It takes the edge off, except when my depression is really high. I have no noticed many side effects. I do not feel like a zombi while taking Viibryd. My dr sometimes tries to change my meds but we always go back to Viibryd. Still have suicidal thoughts but not as much and I can handle them for the most part. I have not gained weight with Viibryd. I hope to stay on Viibryd, unless my condition becomes worse. I am at the top mg (40 mg).
Fentora, like Actiq, is a very fast acting pain medicine that starts providing relief within minutes. One of the advantages of Fentora tablets is that it quickly dissolves in your mouth, unlike Actiq, which is large and noticible.  
I am on day 5 of ten days @ 400mg for pneumonia/bronchitis/sinusitis.  I am also taking codeine syrup as needed for cough and pain.  Each day I have noticed improvement in the infection in my sinuses and lungs, which means it is, so far, quite worth it for me.  The side effects for me are drowsiness for about 4-5 hours after taking the pill, then some nervousness and jitteriness after the drowsiness wears off.  No other side effects.  So, for me, it has been a very effective medicine, without enough side effects to override the clear benefits. I have been avoiding: dairy, taking vitamins. I 've been eating foods such as oatmeal, apples, granola bars, chicken noodle soup, etc.  Have had no stomach problems, nausea, etc.
I was given Diazapan today and took it tonight for the first time, All I can say is thank you doctor I felt the anxiety just melt away, I felt like crying because I couldn 't take the feelings anymore it was making me physically ill, couldn 't eat or sleep and my stomach constantly going over. After taking the tablet I felt normal I could eat. For the first time in a month I 'm not panicking.
Used periodically when other meds aren 't giving relief. Makes breathing problems clear, relieves allergic sinus congestion and skin allergy issues dissipate.
It would be a ten but libido is greatly diminished.
Just jumped onto subs today after using opiates for the past 14 years. I was recently taking in between 20-35 norcs/Percs a day, or around eight 30 mg roxys a day. I went in withdrawals and they gave me 8 mg of sub which made me feel better but is starting to wear off now 5 hours later. I 'll prob take more now but I 'm just curious if anyone who has been on pills long term has experience with subs, and how much they took. I 've never done H and never will. I 'm just surprised how much sub I have to take to come off norcs. I got some subs off the street about a year ago and they seemed stronger but I guess I am taking more mg/day of opiates. Thanks for the input.
Dr prescribed with this in the .05 cream for acne. I been using it for 3 years now and my face has stayed clear. Whenever I experience a breakout I just dab it on as needed after I wash my face. They only downfall I would say is it takes a little minute for it to clear my acne all the way. Other than that, its a good product.
I 've always had dermatitis on my scalp and face, but the rashes on my body started out as allergic dermatitis after it reacted to an antibiotic called Vancomycin. But then even after all my antibiotics, the rashes kept getting worse and worse. I got a biopsy done, and the results were that I had psoriasis form of dermatitis, which is similar to psoriasis. At first the dermatologist prescribed Clobex, but it only worked on my arms. I still use the Clobex shampoo for my scalp. After that, the dermatologist told me to try Olux. I 've been using Olux for a couple of weeks now, and my body is clearing up, especially my back and thighs.
The relief of pain was almost immediate. I have fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis as well. The meds localize the pain to a tolerable condition.I take the pill first thing in the mornings and it leaves me light-headed and fatigued until late afternoon.I wonder if these symptoms go away after a few months? Will my body get used to it?
Initially took it for shingles pain but found it to be great for sleeping and for settling down my occasional restless legs syndrome.
I am overall very pleased. I 've been using this pill for a year and my periods/ cramping couldn 't be better. I do get a bit moody close to my period but I 've tried other brands and this one 's tolerable in this department. Overall I 'm very pleased. And it 's a huge plus my insurance covers 100 percent of this. Win win.
This is supposed to stop the infection externally but it really did not help my irritation very much.
Its early days but I have over the last 12 months tried mirtazapine and citalpram. I 'm currently on a low dose but I suspect my GP will want to up my dose.
After a lumpectomy for stage 1 Breast Cancer, I was prescribed two other aromatase inhibitors prior to Femara.  I had occasional head pain in one spot from all of them.  I also had trigger finger and terrible knee pain from Arimidex.  My doctor then put me on brand name Femara and the joint pain, head pain, and trigger finger all went away.  What is bothering me now is the hair loss (can see my scalp!), memory loss--constantly groping for words.  Sometimes I do feel like I 'm &quot;foggy&quot; but mostly I just can 't remember words.  I feel it is getting worse as time goes on and I do not understand why others report the same but there is no mention of this in the patient information leaflet.
I am starting it tomorrow and I am really growing increasingly nervous by every review I read. I know that every body is different but some symptoms freak me out. I have never had any health problems or sensitivities whatsoever, I don 't get nauseous easily so I guess those won 't apply to me. I hope it will be worth it. Btw, as a friendly advice, try not to read up everything the internet says because you can 't know for sure how your body will react to the drug so the only way to surely find out is by simply trying it.
I had my colon removed due to Ulcerative Colitis and have been running to the bathroom regularly. I was taking 8 Lomotil a day and still going 8 times a day.
I was recently prescribed generic form of Ritalin for Aspergers/lack of focus issues. I am in my low 40s and used Meth recreationally for years, although I gave that up thankfully, a while back.  This is the third pill I have taken and I assure you, the effects of this drug mimic, in many ways, taking a moderate amount of Meth, although not as strong. However, I realize that it affects different people, different ways based on their chemistry. I am not sure I will take it all the time but it does give me energy and new focus, I was lacking. I can see how this drug could be addictive to some people. But it is extremely expensive.
I responded after one week. The side effects (lethargy, some bowel problems) are the only reason i didnt rate this medicine a 10. After 44 years of excessive anxiety and depression I finally feel like I can be &quot;myself&quot; instead enslaved to unreasonable thoughts and frustrations. Ironically, I avoided these types of meds for years, instead &quot;self medicating&quot; with alcohol and cynicism. Had I switched to this years ago maybe I would still be married to a wonderful woman. Sad, but true.
I 've suffered from panic disorder for over 10 years now. After a bad panic attack put me in an ambulance, I finally decided to try Zoloft. I would recommend that anyone with panic disorder start off at 12.5mg for a couple of weeks before you decide to up the dose. Mainly because the side effects can be rough when you first start. Only increase when YOU feel you need to, and not based on what a doctor feels is an effective dose. You are probably going to feel crappy the first couple weeks, this is the case for most people, and does not mean the medicine isn 't working. It does eventually get better.
I have been using Voltaren Gel for Osteoarthritis and just had a hip replacement. Although I have a chronic condition it has helped to relieve some of the constant painI am in. Voltaren Gel makes my day much more tolerable.
Been taking for a couple of weeks works good for me just had open back surgery 4 weeks ago with cage put in L-4 5 FUSION, cut out stenosis of spine have degenerated disc disease, take 3 pills 50mg a day with extra strength Tylenol if I need it. 8 more weeks I want to come off all these pills if I can handle the pain. Good luck guys.
Have been taking 300mg for 3 weeks now.  I had HORRIBLE side effects in the beginning (for about a week) - almost unbearable nausea, diarrhea, sweating, vertigo, headaches, confusion and I felt like I had the flu.  Now I have migraine headaches that last almost all day and ringing in my ears.  I still feel a little foggy sometimes but that is a small price to pay for my depression being pretty much completely gone.  I finally have energy and I am shocked at how quickly it worked.  I was suicidal for months while on 225mg of Effexor and this has been a life saver.
It helps keep me calm and focused at work. I do suffer insomnia if I don 't take my daily dose consistently. I tried to stop taking it and my metabolism took a severe nose dive even though I never had weight problems before. I did lose about ten pounds when I started taking it but it leveled off and I was able to maintain a healthy weight. I would have liked to try a more natural approach to managing my ADD but the weight gain has added depression and therefore I 'm back on it.
For some reason my A1C was increasing.  My doctor added Jardiance to my regiment.  My A1C dropped from 7.8 to 7.4 quite quickly.  After three more months on Jardiance my A1C went from 7.4 to 6.2.   I have also lost about 6 pounds since taking it.Side effects have been UTI and I feel tired and weak quite a bit.  No energy.  Other than that, I 've been good.  But I don 't like feeling like this, so will tell my doctor about it today. Perhaps a small price to pay for such a drop in my A1C.It is also very expensive.  I get samples from my Dr at times, but being on Medicare and it being a new drug, it 's pretty costly.  Have to see if it 's even on the formulary for 2018 as it always changes &amp; the drug co. does not give discounts to Medicare folks
Starting taking Lialda about a month and a half ago and it took a couple of weeks to start working. As soon as it started working I felt great no more stomach pain, no more blood, no more diarrhea oh finally something that help take the pain away I was shocked at how good it worked. But then I should have known it was to good to be true about four weeks into it. My beautiful hair started falling out in clumps every time I washed it or even brushed it. I mean it was a lot every time I would cry. Also the muscle aches were the worst. I would sit for maybe 10 minutes and go to get up and almost fall over because my legs almost gave out. Other then that it works great for the pain but I can 't take the side effects so I 'm going to be switching medicines.
This medicine works well alone, but very effective taken with Roxy 30 's. I take 8mg twice a day and it allows me to lead a fairly normal life with severe degenerative and ruptured discs. Without these medicines I would be a cripple. The Mobic helps with the swelling from my arthritis and scoliosis. It is hard to find a doctor that understands but once you do it makes things easier. 
So this is my second week taking it. I am 5 '7&quot;, 150 lbs. and want to lose 30. I have lost 7 lbs. so far and like it. I take two in the morning and two in the afternoon around 3 or 4. I know the instructions say to take it morning and NIGHT but (for me anyways) it seems like this isn 't the best course - it does not provide a continual, all day hunger suppression. So why take it before you go to sleep when you won 't be eating anyways. It seems to me that it works best if I take it when I start to feel a little hungry. Take it and the hunger goes away. I work at a law firm that has snacks, cookies, candies, cheese platters, fatty salads, etc. etc. all over the place, all the time; so it was hard for me to not  'graze ' all the time. Much easier!
It seems like this drug works immediately for the Caucasian skin type, but I have a darker complexion and my warts did not fall off by the second day, as some others have spoken. It may be due to the different skin type. My warts felt sore after day 3, and I didn 't suffer much burn even though the solution went on normal skin. The warts did get darker and I feel like they this medicine is working. I will have to to update later.
I have been using NuvaRing for about a year now. It 's been great for me, and extremely convenient. There 's very minimal white discharge, which is easy to take care of through good grooming and using panty liners. Actually, the only reason I didn 't give the product a rating of  '10 ' is because I 've noticed that my blood pressure becomes slightly elevated whenever I 'm on the ring. I have had my blood pressure taken when I 'm off the ring, and it 's always lower than when I have the ring. Other than that, I have no complains. No feelings of depression, no skin-breakouts, no change in sex drive and no dryness. I would recommend this product.
I love this type of birth control it definitely works. The only thing I wonder about are periods. Sometimes I get them one month and then not again until a couple months later and I have had two in the same month like a week apart is that normal for anyone?!?!?!? Overall I do recommend it.
I am 21 yrs of age and have suffered from migraines for nearly 15 yrs now. Phenergan is my go to medication for the nausea and vomiting that sometimes comes along with my headaches. I usually just want to crawl into a dark hole but with this medication I 'm able to control my nausea and prevent myself from being sick. It also helps with the stomach pains I sometimes get from taking Excedrin Migraine.
Am using this for post-surgery of my Cervical area. It  does a good job on my  headaches and throat pain.. It is a  lot better than Tylenol. and safer than Hydrocodone
This medicine really hit me hard at first. Taking it laid me out but it did its job, so now I 've been on it for almost 2 years and it 's not working as well as at first and my doctor has had to up the dose two times. I 'm already ready for it to be dosed up again, scared I 've built up a tolerance for it.
I have been on Mobic (or some generic form) for 3 years now for PsA - Psoriatic Arthritis.During this time, I got quite ill and my GP sent me for a test. I had an MRI and wore a heart monitor for 24 hours. They thought I was having seizures. After 2 years of feeling dreadful only at night my GP took me off the Mobic to settle a stomach upset and I realized that I no longer had any of the neurological effects anymore. Upon mentioning this to my Specialist - he said that the neurological side effects were quite common with Mobic - yet neither of the GP 's saw new of them. So just be aware, this can make you feel like you are running slow, your brain may slow down and you might fall over.
I have 5 herniated discs in my neck from being T-boned by a red light runner. Until I was prescribed Norco with Soma (2 pills, not a combo pill) the pain was always either intense or more intense! Usually the Norco/Soma works great! However, after 6 years, I know I 'm seriously &quot;medically&quot; dependent on them, even if I feel fine. If I skip too many, the withdrawal symptoms start showing up!But I have to say other than that, they work great!
Just starting day 3 of Cefdinir for double middle ear infections.  Almost immediately the drainage down my throat was better and today I can actually talk without coughing each time I open my mouth so it appears to be getting rid of all the fluid.  Slight amount of diarrhea, but not too bad.  So far it appears to be working.  Hoping that at least some of my hearing will start to return.
I am 22 years old and this is the first time I 've been on a BC. After reading all the bad reviews I wanted to make sure that there is at least a good one. Everyone 's body is different and reacts different. So don 't let scary reviews scare you away. Try it for yourself and if you don 't like it you can always find something that you do like. I have been on this BC for 3 weeks going on 4 and I love it so far! No spotting, mood swings, headaches, depression and my skin is more clear than before. I have also noticed my boobs are getting bigger, they 're a little sore but not bad. So far I 'd say its a good experience 
Only med that has ever really worked for me. I 've tried every holistic approach to treat my anxiety, taking a .25 takes the edge off like nothing else. I 'm afraid to take meds but taking xanax doesn 't make me nervous. I only take it when my anxiety and panic come back, sometimes I have it under control for long periods of time. I read a lot of negative things about becoming addicted and the withdrawal effects but most of us who really suffer hate taking meds. We rather get better with no drugs. It helps me calm down so I can think clearly and get through the day or night. Wanted to post something positive for those who are afraid to take it.
Been taking Neurontin for several years now, from 4200mg down to 1200mg a day, after my sciatic nerve got damaged during 1st back surgery. Tried many medicines, no relief, doctor put me on clinical dose of 4200mg a day, many side effects. Down to 3200mg a day, awesome, was able to walk and live(no work). Back got worse, needed 2nd surgery and had to get off some medicines, getting off Neurontin was the WORST WITHDRAWALS. 6 months after doctor 's put me back on Neurontin but only 1800mg. Still on Neurontin today and still working awesome. No side effects, low dose on all medicines keeps side effects down. Just watch the WITHDRAWALS.
I suffer from anxiety,depression and PTSD.  This medicine has proven to be a great alternative over a benzo.  Being non habit forming is the best par .  I do get headaches and fatigue but it is better then the side effects associated with benzo.  I recommend this to anyone looking for a non addictive alternative to zanex
I had my third set of Botox 3 weeks ago. It has done wonders to my severe neuralgia and Paroxysmal hemicrania.I had some side effects the first two sets (3 months apart) but they went away after about 10-12 days and I have been 90% pain free. I was getting up to 9-12 attacks a day lasting about an hour each, and lost my job as a result.This last set has produced terrible side effects: Headaches on forehead (Banding), severe shoulder pain, very puffy right eye, chronic skin rash on my back, occipital area of neck, and upper arms. Large red welts that burn and itch. It has now been prevailing for over a week....I also have inflamed intercostal muscles especially around my sternum and it id incredibly painful.
I 've been a smoker for 10 years. I have tried the gum, patches, and the vaporizer ciggs, nothing worked. Nothing worked because I wanted to smoke, I enjoyed it. I 'm on day 18 of Chantix and this is my first day without a cigarette. I 'm having all the side effects, nausea, vomiting, gas, constipation, dreams, cant sleep, and don 't have energy. I wonder if this pill is made to do this so you wont want to smoke? I 'm going to be a trooper and finish up my packet of pills, but the side effects are enough to make a person want to quit. I will say it reduces your cravings, and makes a cigarette taste nasty. I 'm hoping that all these side effects are worth it in the long run.
I switched to the patch a little over a year ago after being on the pill  'Microgynon ' for almost two years. I was getting really bad breakthrough bleeding with the pill so wanted to try something different. The patch has been great for me this past year, though I generally found the easiest place to put it was on my stomach as arms and back just itched too much! My biggest problem is how unsightly it is - I wear black leggings for work 5 days a week and the edges of the patch collect a horrible black lint from them all week. Additionally, if I have a long bath or go swimming the edges start lifting and sometimes I have to change it midweek as its started to peel off. Overall does what it should, and hasn 't caused any problems.
I just used this product about 45 minutes ago. So far so good! I have a little bit of discomfort but that was there before I used the product. I had a lot of white discharge before use!(due to yeast infection) I recommend this product. On a scale of 1-10 the itching burning is only about 3-10! If it works fast and properly I 'd highly recommend!
I 've been taking the 1.2 dosage for about 4 weeks. My PA didn 't start me on a lower dose and increase which may have been good as the nausea has been pretty bad. I know I 've lost at least 10lbs and I haven 't got much appetite. I do feel full quickly as well. Also, I 'm not seeing a huge improvement on my daily numbers - it 's been 4 hours since breakfast and my blood glucose is 172. While I 'm not complaining about the weight loss, I am very concerned about the long term side effects of taking this medication and am looking forward to more information on that. I see my PA tomorrow for a follow-up so will see what they say.
It 's been pretty good so far. My face has almost completely cleared in one month. I have had no stomach problems.
I 've been on Effexor XR 150mgs for 3 weeks now and its really working for me. I 've been on a few other medicines and never did the job. I was hospitalized for severe depression and suicidal thoughts. They gave me this Effexor and what a difference. I 'm a different person. I have tons of energy and those things that bothered me don 't anymore.
50 mg a night &amp; I can sleep through the night. As soon as I skip a dose my panic comes right back. The only downside is I 'm tired all day from it but unable to nap.
51 Yr old male, hardworker, dedicated, and partical OCD, never wanting to fail.  Stress and anxiety most of my life, not realizing the feeling was not normal.  After medical condition, requiring a heart stent in main artery, doctor prescribed they typical anti-blood clotting and thinning medications.  Also, doctor prescribe Zoloft. If you experience elevated stress and anxiety, see your doctor.  Your health is most important and medication can alleviate the symptoms. Be aware of side effects and trade-offs.
This medication works well for improved sleep but experience bitter taste and blurred vision the following day. Have taken this medication for approximately for 5 months.
After I stopped smoking (appetite has increased twice) and in order not to gain weight, I%u2019ve begun to take different diet pills and supplements, but there were no results. I couldn%u2019t find the drug that really would reduce hunger. One of the pharmacists advised me of phentermine as one of the few drugs that do not harm the body and actually suppress hunger. Now, I%u2019ve been taking phentermine pills for one month, one capsule between breakfast and lunch and the other in the afternoon, during the whole day I%u2019m not hungry and full of energy. I am very pleased with the phentermine results and would recommend it to everybody who wants to balance the diet and reduce the amount of consumed food.
I started to take this medication when my Primary care physician got uncomfortable with my extensive use of Benzos for my extreme social anxiety so I was sent to a specialist who started me on lithium. The results are mixed for me.  On one hand, every time I would take a dose I would get sick to my stomach, I have no desire to eat and my hand trembling is noticeable.  However, I can now leave my house, go into stores, not depressed and much less dependant on the Benzos, but I still get panic attacks. Overall the pros have outweighed the cons.
This was my 2nd colonoscopy, and this time I prescribed MoviPrep.  The taste was the worst part, even though I drank through a straw.  I would brush my teeth each drink due to the after taste.  Aside from the taste, it worked well.  It started working in about 35 minutes.  I had to do a split dosage, 1/2 the night before, and 1/2 the morning of colonoscopy.  I ate a low residue diet the day before and I believed that helped so there was not so much output.  I think some people think they should eat a lot the day before, but that just makes the prep last longer.  
Suffering from the disease WED / RLS (Restless Legs Syndrome) around the clock and this medication is the only one who has given relief. And I have tried many other medications before. Takes 10 mg in the morning at 08:00 am and 10mg at 20:00 in the evening. No major side effects either.
I 'm through my first week.  First two days had a lingering headache most of the day and a few hours of nausea.  No weight loss but I didn 't expect it yet.  Start with the second pill tomorrow. So far..... my appetite overall has decreased as the week has gone on.  I 've noticed that I may still want a snack but I can walk away from it and not eat it. I 'll post again at the end of my second week.
Have suffered with headache/migraines for 22 years and have tried many meds. Tried Topamax a couple different times and finally had to get off it for some of the side effects and it really kinda stopped working for me. On dose 200 mg of Zonisamide and seems to have decreased the frequency and the severity of my migraines. Have noticed a bit of a loss of appetite at this current dose and thirsty and dry mouth. All in all happy so far with my current situation.
My husband &amp; I were intimate with no protection but we 're not ready for a baby right now - I took Next Choice within 2hrs- I was very nervous about taking it since I had been on bc pills for 12yrs up til 2 months ago - I didn 't want to mess myself up now that I was hormone free but I didn 't want to be pregnant yet - I took ovulation test after and of course it was positive so I freaked - I didn 't have ANY side effects at all during first day - I 'm due to get my period in 4 days and I 've been dizzy nauseous cramping and flushed all week so I 'm convinced I 'm pregnant - I just took test and it 's negative :) I 'm praying I 'll get my period in a few days, if not then I 'll take another test in and submit an update of whether it actually worked or not - so far so good!
I was originally prescribed Zoloft for depression, but in 6 months I had a severe manic episode and was diagnosed Bipolar 1.   Now I take Zoloft with other medicines. I would not recommend taking it alone if you may be Bipolar.   I like that I have very few side effects and it does help with anxiety and compulsive behavior too.  One problem is no sexual desire, I feel like I am neglecting my boyfriend.
No side effects has worked well for me
I 'm on the low dose, even though I 've been diagnosed with Irritable Bowel Syndrome. Even on the lose dose, there were days where I would go 10 times or I would have diarrhea.  My doctor didn 't want to take me off it though, because this is the only thing that really has worked.  I have noticed, that the amount of water I drink while taking it/before my meal, can affect it. My doctor also thought adding a probiotic might help settle it down a bit.  I 've started taking the probiotic with Lizness and since then, I 've had more normal bowel movements.  Some days I do have more than one now, but 2-3 is not bad.  I highly suggest trying the probiotics (colon health) before discontinuing due to having too many bowel movements or diarrhea. 
The first 3 months I had a period every 14 days.  They lasted about 5 days, slightly heavier bleeding than normal for me.  Then after the 3rd month, my periods went back to their normal 28 day off, 6 day periods.    I 'm breastfeeding my 7 month old, so this is a great option.  No weight gain, no mood swings, no soreness or anything negative.
Inexpensive anti-cholinergic superior to benzotropine mesylate for extrapyramidal conditions. Including, but not limited to tremor, akathisia-(inability to sit still or restlessness) upwardly fixed stare, psuedo-parkinsonism, shuffling gait, akinesia. 1 mg usually suffices to start. No serious side effects noted. Some sensitivity to bright light/accommodation to heat related conditions including dry mouth.
From my research, the absorption rate depends on the person quite a bit.  I 'm on Androgel 3 pumps right now (orig. T-level 218 on 338 - 1000 scale). I 'm feeling better but not as good as the trial pack of Testim.  Just to be sure I was remembering correctly, I used the 3 remaining tubes of Testim recently, and my energy was much better (did not need any naps during the day.)After going back to 3 pumps Androgel, I felt energy level drop.  Since my insurance covers only Androgel and Foresta, I 'm going to ask Dr. about switching to Foresta next visit since I do not seem to be absorbing the Androgel very well.If Testim smelled better, I 'd be on the phone with the insurance to see if we could work out a deal.
Ulcerative Colitis Pain: Made the pain manageable. My UC symptoms left me in such terrible pain on some days that I was completely non-functional. Once I asked for something to manage the pain, I was finally able to spend my non-functional days being a little less miserable. For flares only. I was once afraid to ask for pain killers but they are so effective I will not hesitate to ask in the future if the pain becomes too much.
I took phentermine 30mg for 60 days and lost about 30lbs. I stopped on 3/12, which is about 1 month and 1 week ago. I have since lost 46.4lbs total. So I lost an additional 16.4lbs since being off the medicines. It did help me lose a lot of weight in the beginning but I never had extra energy and never felt like I wasn 't hungry. So when I didn 't feel any effects I was going to stop for 10 days and then go back on. I stopped and filled my script for the next 30 days but saw that I still lost 3lbs in that first week off. I then decided not to take the medicines at all. I stick to a strict calorie diet of 1500cals each day and I exercise 30mins a day, EVERYDAY. I also lift weights every other day. You MUST change your diet and EXERCISE.
I cannot give it a 10 because I have only taken the pills for two and a half months. I have no mood swings due to the pills my hormones are not all over the place which is surprising. I have not had any bacterial or yeast infection which I had that issue with other birth controls. My sex drive is great. I used the pills to manipulate my period And I have not had one. So I have to go to the doctor on Monday just to be sure I 'm not pregnant otherwise the pills are awesome
Improved neurological functions, less flare-ups of the autonomic system.  Helps - body temperature regulation has become a little better, able to sweat a little now, able to swallow now with no problems, hand tremors a majority of the time, and about half the adrenaline rushes than before.  Does not help - sleep, heart rate and blood pressure, GI problems (gastroparesis, stomach pains, or constipation), heat intolerance, brain fog (memory problems).  Has had to increase medication a few times, but am still on it.  I am still on this medication and would not want to go off this - I have seen improvement.
Worked for migraneI had been prescribed lots of different drugs I have had Botox, had my ear pierced I have been to the chiropractor, eye doctor two different neurologist I had been having migraines almost everyday finally with this medication I haven 't had a migraine in a week
Was first diagnosed with severed emphysema a year ago. Was put on Breo 200/25. It worked great in giving me the ability to breath comfortably. Two months later I had bronchitis that turned into pneumonia and a mild heart attack. After test doctors decided the heart attack was a fluke brought on by being so sick that it put a strain on my heart. While in the hospital they had me on two inhalers, nebulizer every 4 hrs and oxygen 24/7. Which I had to use when I was released. After a week home I went back on the Breo. Within a week I was off the oxygen and able to stop using the rescue inhaler and nebulizer. Four months later I moved and went to a new doctor. He diagnosed me with severe asthma. Now have side effects of anxiety, not sleeping wel
It works on a panic attack like you wouldn 't believe and has saved me from all the ER visits throughout my life but I also suffer from deppresion. Xanax did straighten my life out. It is a miracle pill and I recommend it if you have anxiety or panic disorder. I have been on this drug for about 7 years. I 'm 30 years old now.
I was prescribed Lexapro for Depression, 10mg/day. I have been suffering from depression for nearly 2 years now, and I finally forced myself to seek medical help. I 'm only on day 3, but I can honestly notice a slight positive change already. Day 1 &amp; 2 have been a bit difficult; uncontrollable yawning, fatigued and a bit nauseated. But today, day 3, it feels like a light switched on in my brain! That light is at the end of the tunnel, meaning I have to give a little more time. If you are truly depressed, this medicine will help you.
At age 50, 5 '11 and 238 lbs, Dr. prescribed Belviq Friday 08/12/16, but the pharmacy had to order for Monday @ $275. Talk about sticker shock!With time, I did a little research and located a HUGE saving card from the Belviq website (reduces price to $75).Day One: woke up a little headachy and anxious (might be nerves cause I do not normally take any meds). Reading the other reviews I am hoping the headaches will go away after a day or so. And man, do I want to drink/liquid/water - that 's new. Noticed today I wasn 't super thrilled or hungry for my &quot;normal&quot; lunch. But I ate thinking it would clear the headache - it did not. But I slept like a champ last night (new), woke up a little groggy (that 's new too).Slow &amp; steady. Here we go.
Took first dose of Suprep last night at 6:00 p.m. Had only one movement and was wondering what was up after reading all the reviews for spending hours on the toilet. Went to bed and slept pretty well. Fast forward to 5:00 a.m. this morning. Took second dose as instructed, and took a few of the previous tips such as sipping slowly (last night I almost threw it up after drinking too fast), sipping water and Berry Propel between the solution swigs. Wow, it took only about 30 minutes and wow, I have been on the toilet for the past hour. This stuff really works! I am remembering to use the petroleum jelly for the bum so as not to chafe. I am getting chills this morning, unlike last night. I hope the colonoscopy goes well this morning so I won&rsquo;t have to think about this again for 5-10 years!
I am only 34 and suffer from a serious back injury so I have periodical need for the massive pitting edema I tend to show up with from time to time. And this does it 's job! 
Nexplanon is a wonderful bc for preventing pregnancy. I 've had Nexplanon for over 2 yrs now and I 'm ready to get it out. Insertion was a breeze. I got my first period 2mo after insertion and that lasted for 7mo straight. Then I had no period for 8mo. During that time, my mood was really off and I was so irritable. I gained weight, I didn 't change my eating or exercise habits so I know it wasn 't my lifestyle that did it. My sex drive dipped for a long time and it only finally started to come back recently. Everybody 's body will react differently. I would recommend though because it 's so effective. I 'm just tired of the side effects and want to go back to normal.
Been suffering with low back pain worse in the buttocks and sometimes hips.  Numbness, tingling in both legs.  Underwent a laminotomy for spinal compression due to synovial cyst and facet joint disease.  Have a couple herniated discs, but left alone in surgery...felt I would recover from this on its own as I have very mild degenerative disc disease..  Since taking Lyrica for only 3 days at a low dose my pain has subsided enough so I could actually leave my home to go out to dinner.  Pain went from about &quot;10&quot; at its worst down to about a m &quot;2-3&quot;.   I would say try it as it may work for you. Side effects are less than gabapention.
Still have the occasional heart burn, but over all I love it.
I have all day sickness. I started taking it around 9 weeks, after 24 hrs of straight vomiting, and when I woke the next day, I was able to keep something down. Initially, I was sleepy, but I started taking 1 pill every 6-8 hrs and I usually have no sleepiness issues and I 'm able to eat throughout the day. I 'm 16 weeks and still on it because without it, I still have times/days where I feel sick. When I forget to take a dose is when it doesn 't work - I think each person will need to figure out the best times to take it.
I did experience some side effects: the feeling of menstrual cramping (but not because I had a hysterectomy 8 years ago), diarrhea, some vaginally discharge. Nothing severe or unbearable.
Was given the five day pack for strep throat. Day four and finally improving a bit. Probably not the strongest or beat for strep, but slowly does the job and works for five days after completing meds.
I suffer from PTSD and the associated issues Anxiety and depression that is part of the package. Started a generic brand, This is the 3rd drug I have been on previously was on Lexapro, worked but caused a very emotionless state after 2 years.Then Valdoxan worked slowly, great for sleep,  then eventually levelled off after 2 years. As for Cymbalta, the first 5 days wasn 't fun, tired, anxious, negative thoughts, very spaced out couldn 't drive, and Nausea. Then just as fast as the side effects came on they went over 48 hrs. Now just a week in feel better, more positive very little side effects slight nausea that is improving every day.I 'm confident that the drug will work and find myself looking forward to the future.
I work overnight shift in a hospital, sterile instrument supplies, not patient care. I picked up a bad head cold which morphed into a sinus infection, no fever. Not the end of the world of course, but after 3 weeks and 3 work shifts missed, I went and got it checked out, and was prescribed azithromyocin, 5-day treatment. Within 2 days my sinuses and head began improving but my only complaint is the possible side-effect of insomnia. Again, I work overnight shift, and sleeping during the day is never easy, but I 've called off 3 additional work shifts since being on this medication, solely from not being able to sleep enough (less than 4 hours). Even though my head and sinuses are getting better, I refuse to work if I haven 't slept enough.
This helped my neurogenic bladder and neurogenic bowel condition.  After 2 years, tho, it started giving me nausea and vomiting.  I see you are supposed to take it 1 hr before or 2 hrs after a meal or it can cause nausea and vomiting.  I hadn 't ever paid attention to that and I was fine, now I can 't tolerate it and am sad bc it really helped both conditions.
Has seemed to keep a-fib occurrences down but upsets stomach sometimes. Hate having another med that I may have to take for the rest of my life.
I 've been taking this for about 2 months now.  I 've lost 14lbs on it and it seems as if I 'm tapering off on weight loss so I may have to move up to the next dose.  At first I had the nasty metal taste in my mouth, so much so that I carried a bottle of mouthwash around with me!  Could hardly stand it.  But now, I don 't have it at all.  The side effects did taper off altogether.  I find the medication very helpful along with working out.
I was on Depo-Provera for a few years with one break to try the Nuvaring just because of the bone density loss warnings. I had no weight gain or bleeding or hormone swings, just some occasional crazy night sweats. Then I had my first baby in May 2014 and started Depo in June. It has not been the same experience. My bleeding is irregular and lasts 3 days to 4 weeks and this month has hit me every other week. It is January 2015, and I quit. It just isn 't working for me this time around. 
I took Topamax for approximately 5 years with little trouble. I did have the metallic taste, and could not drink carbonated beverages. In July 2009, I had to quit Topamax due to a little published side effect, kidney stones. I was on a pretty large dose (600 mg).I had a 9mm Kidney stone and many many small stones. I take Keppra XR now. It prevents the seizures, but I have gained all the weight plus some that I had lost on Topamax, but no seizures or kidney stones.
I found the Suprep very difficult to take. I followed a low fiber/ light diet at least 3 days prior. The straw was somewhat helpful. But the buildup of whatever chemical they put in the prep was quickly overwhelming. I got through the first dose but threw up after drinking all the water. It started working after 5 minutes. I had alot of discomfort and cramping and chills. The cramping was relieved after I started going. I  was disappointed it took so many trips to the bathroom.  After starting the 2nd dose the fluids started running clear. I did not finish all the second dose. I was happy to pour about the last one quarter cup away and everything associated with it. My endoscopy and colonoscopy went fine. I will never do the Suprep again
This was the first birth control pill I went on because I was having heavy periods and cramps but also because I started having sex. Never really had too many problems, still had pretty heavy days for the first 2 out of 6 but at least they would come like clockwork. I did get super emotional for about 3 days a month where almost anything would make me cry and where I would get the occasional extreme cramp. Overall it worked pretty well for me, never got pregnant even though had a ton of sex near the end (usually also had condoms) and managed to rarely miss a pill. 
Drug works. Thins your blood out! Been on Xarelto for 1 year and quitting it. Have a loop monitor for 6 months and no AFib. One doctor says quit it one says stay on. Some score they use says I can quit so that 's what I 'm going to do. First six months had some muscle pain but I blamed Lipitor. Started to get blurry vision so eye doctor said everything was fine. Now I 'm a year in. I have 2 large bruises on both legs and big toe just recently for really no apparent reason. Nose bleeds almost daily, muscle pain in bicep and upper back with heavy feeling in legs when walking. Shortness of breath comes out of nowhere and lasts less than an hour happens on occasion. Quit and so far muscle pain has subsided.
I 'm on day 2 of adzenys.I like that I take it once.  But the texture is gritty once dissolved. It 's a dissolvable pill so what do you expect? I do experience dry mouth and slight decrease in appetite but it 's nothing serious. My doctor started me on a pediatric dose of 6.3 milligrams once a day. Another problem I see is that I 'm having a hard time falling asleep. It could be because I take the medication around 11 o 'clock in the morning but that 's the time I get up. So it 's honestly too early for me to tell.we will see once I get a routine going and school starts again.
I just switched to this from Loestrin 1/20 and I am happy I did. Loestrin 1/20 had me crazy moody, bad acne, and melasma on my face. Once I switched to Lo Loestrin Fe no more crazy mood, acne is pretty much gone. Just a few here and there but that 's normal for me. Period is pretty normal with only spotting on the last week. As for the Melasma, It stopped spreading but I am now seeing a dermatologist to fix it.  My only downside with Lo Loestrin Fe is that I have noticed my hair falling out a little bit more than usual but I hope it is one thing that will subside as I keep taking it. Price wise it is reasonable. My insurance doesn 't cover so I 'm suppose to pay $50 but with my coupon card I only pay $25. Overall I am happy with Lo Loestrin Fe
Geodon has been effective in controlling my hallucinations and paranoia. It does make me drowsy and makes me shake after I take it. I have gained about 30 lbs while on it but it has been the most effective antipsychotic for me to relieve visual and auditory hallucinations and paranoia. I have taken Seroquel, Abilify, and Geodon and this is the most effective for me.
I 've been on 75mg for 5 months. I slowly started to feel normal and before I knew it, within 2 months. Had a huge breakthrough. I was no longer having panic attacks. What I like about Zoloft is that it makes me feel like me. Not a drugged up version of me. I had a few side effects like loss of appetite, insomnia but all in all, I feel a lot better.
In my teens I didn 't really have acne. It started to appear during my junior year of college than gradually worsened. I tried everything: herbal remedies, store bought peels, exfoliating, etc. Last year I finally had enough and booked an appointment at my dermatologist. She warned me that it might get worse in the beginning. I was instructed to use cetaphil facial wash daily and apply adapalene twice a week but only at night. I was also instructed to apply aczone in the morning along with moisturizer. I will say this using more product will cause irritation!!! Less Is definitely more!
Higher dose causes more nausea for me. Moderate depression relief.
I take Methotrexate weekly 25mg and have found that taking Benadryl at dose and 12 and 24hrs after my weekly dose help reduce the nausea
I have been taking this medicine for over 6 years now. I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of nine (now 24) and have taken numerous other ADHD meds. I feel out of all of them Concerta has been the most successful. I do however feel it makes me zone out and am quiet at times. Most think something is wrong with me but I feel it 's the medication. I am typically chatty and friendly most times. It tends to happen when I 'm one on one with people rather than a group setting.
Being in the army the stress level is always there day and night. Then one day bam hit me like a bullet, got real dizzy, light-headed, heart racing. In reality it was an anxiety attack. Out of all the stuff I 've been through this is the one that scared me. After, I ran to the docs at the hospital they gave me Lexapro. Been on it for two months now and I feel fantastic. Still a little tight in the chest and small heart beat skips but still on track and loving it.
I 'm 18 and I 've been taking this for 6 months and it 's made a pretty noticeable difference. I used to have a new breakout everyday and now I hardly get a single breakout at all. It cleared my face within a month or so and has kept my face clear the almost the entire time, with one exception. It says not to take this medicine with a calcium and iron supplement and I started taking both and my face started breaking out again! So listen to what the doctor tells you!
I have been taking this drug for 6 months. I started after a very sad time in our family and some months after this I had days where I would just breakdown and cry for no reason.  I found out that depression is in our family and has made me more aware of this disease. I fell generally better and don 't have the days of sadness that I use to but have side affects of insomnia, low sex drive, dizziness and sometimes fatigue.  Overall I fell this drug has been helpful and would reccomend it to others.
I chose the implanon after 5 years of being on the deposit injection (I began having the most awful mood swing after 3 years or so on it). I chose the implanon as I wanted to try a different method of contraception. The first 6 months have been brilliant however in the last couple of months I have had such horrendous acne. I 've never had spots and I 've recently been getting  hard boils/lumps on my face that take about 4-5 days to go! Gross I know. I 've had awful fluid retention around my pubis and belly which goes after a week or so. Periods are hit and miss.. Last month was so light yet this month I 've been bleeding over a week using super plus tampons! Mood swings have been an issue too. I need a non hormonal methods.. copper iud next!
I 've been on the pill for 3 months now, I have experienced extreme nausea, bloating, mood swings, and even crazy cravings! I thought I was pregnant! But after reading these reviews I feel better about the pill, not only that but everything 's straightening out so I 'm happy. I am also getting curves, which I like very much! Its a great pill.
I got the Nexplanon implant at the beginning of August and in a couple weeks I will have had it for 2 months. I actually love this form of birth control because I can 't get into the routine of a pill or Depo shot. There have been a few up and downs though. For the about the first few weeks I was spotting and now I have nonexistent periods. My moods were wacky at first. I do have a little more acne than before but nothing that doesn 't disappear within a few days. I 'm a lot more tired now. I 've experienced loss of appetite. I weighed 127 lbs when I got it and now I weigh 113 lbs. Other than the occasional crying, I 'm completely okay with this implant. My sex drive is strong and I 'm not pregnant.
Doesn 't totally cut my Paroxysmal Dystonia, but drops it from a 7/10 to a 3/10. If i increase the dose (800mg XR daily) the side effects are too hard to handle. Generally leaves me feeling a little sluggish/slow, and have found it difficult to lose weight on Tegretol.
I have had constipation problems for years.  Before Linzess, I was taking up to 6 different medications to try to go and then it would hit with a vengeance and last all day long.  I couldn 't work a full time job because of it.  I was miserable all of the time with bloating, cramping and nausea.  I have only been on it a week and I already feel so much better.  I now have bowel movements like normal people.  Yes, there is some diarrhea, but I think I am still getting used to it.  If the diarrhea gets bad, I will cut back to every other day.  But, I will talk to my doctor first.
I have had fibromyalgia for as long as I can remember. The pain was so bad 6 months ago from too much stress that I wasn 't sleeping which made it worse. I had to quit my job and I would just lay in bed and cry moving my heating pad all around my body. It was a nightmare. I wanted my life back. I found a doctor to do all the tests and diagnose me. I tried gabapentin first and did nothing for me and I was a zombie so we switched to Lyrica. I take 300mg a day. It 's not perfect ALL the time. Some days I am back in pain. And three days before my period I 'm in a lot of pain. It has also helped my anxiety and insomnia. For me, the dizziness went away after a month. And the other side effects are minimal.
On generic clonezapam for 9 years.  Work great GAD, panic attack, however it is now wearing off.  I cannot get off of it due oppositional tolerance. Most doctors know little about this drug.  Orginally, meant for short term use. It is very difficult for taper.  It does serve its purpose. Just do you research.
I 'm rather small and I have a lot of sexual dysfunction. This drug worked for me but I had some side effects.
This childproof cap is not operable, I followed your instructions and wound up cutting the dam cap off. The good news for you is a child won 't ingest your product and you won 't get sued. The bad news is a pissed off adult might cut their hand with a knife and switch products. Good job product safety !!!
Effective, but not without side effects. The first month was pretty bad - my hands, feet, and legs were falling asleep and I experienced painful tingling and cramps. My joints also had problems, and I had to wear a brace on my knee for a little while. I was more lethargic. Anything carbonated tasted awful. I couldn 't drink caffeine or my whole body would feel weird and tingly. I also had to pee a lot during the first few weeks and was quite thirsty.Over time, most of the side effects went away, and my pressure went down. My vision problems completely went away. However, a new side effect appeared after about two years - tinnitus. It is definitely being caused by the medicine, because I 've found that skipping a dose makes it go away.
I have taken Paxil for about 6 months. I have not had any weight gain as I had previously with other medications.  I feel emotionally much more stable and the side effects have been minimal.  I still feel tired occasionally and have some trouble with my short term-memory but my overall quality of life seems to be better and although I still feel mildly blue at times the feeling is not as intense and doesn 't linger for weeks.Happy with the medicine.
I have seen this medication work extremely well for all but a few, usually those who struggle with the intense depression which can be brought on by withdrawals. However although immodium is an excellent diarrhea reliever, be careful of how much, how often, and for how long of an extended period of time you use this drug. It is one of the least known (and yes, safest) opioids, but it IS an opioid still, and as such, while it generally does not penetrate the blood brain barrier, does a host of work with the receptors in your gut. At the end of the day, one thing is clear: this drug too, can cause significant withdrawals if used for too long an extended period of time.
I had a hysterectomy @ 22 so my Dr. prescribed this over a year ago. I 'm not as dry but still pain from the thinning of the walls. Hopefully after a longer time this will get better.
I took Klonopin daily for about a year due to a bout with anxiety and depression. I was put on an AD and added this after a few weeks as the AD was not helping my anxiety or depression. I took 0.25-0.5mg twice per day most of the time and had to change my AD twice over the first several months to get on the right one. Klonopin helped me alot during this time. I finally went back to Pristiq which had worked several years prior for me and after a few months was back to myself and with my Dr 's OK I weaned off of the Klonopin and have been of it completely for almost two months now. I was terrified to stop it since I heard so many horror stories of benzo withdraw but I had no withdraw just as my Dr. had thought. Good luck!
my husband was taking over 10 hydrocodoine pills a day for his back pain until he found a dr. that finally helped him and has got him on duragesic 75 patches he has done so much better with his pain that we get along so much better .the only time he is having some pain now is when it is almost time for his patch to be changed to a new one.
Works great on my sinus pressure/cold, now I can breathe no more stuff up nose or runny nose.  Had no problem sleeping but it did give me a severe headache--so now trying half the recommended dose, got immediate relief just waiting to see if it will still give me a headache.
I have been on many medication for depression with associated panic attacks.  Nothing has worked but since my doctor prescribed me Pristiq CR 50 mg and I can now officially say it 's changed my life! I 'm a survivor of many tragic events and feel like I 'm not a victim anymore.  I do clench my teeth more often but so what this side effect is nothing to compare to my unwillingness to live!  Give it time, three months or more you 'll feel better I promise!
Drug works. Thins your blood out! Been on Xarelto for 1 year and quitting it. Have a loop monitor for 6 months and no AFib. One doctor says quit it one says stay on. Some score they use says I can quit so that 's what I 'm going to do. First six months had some muscle pain but I blamed Lipitor. Started to get blurry vision so eye doctor said everything was fine. Now I 'm a year in. I have 2 large bruises on both legs and big toe just recently for really no apparent reason. Nose bleeds almost daily, muscle pain in bicep and upper back with heavy feeling in legs when walking. Shortness of breath comes out of nowhere and lasts less than an hour happens on occasion. Quit and so far muscle pain has subsided.
Very helpful for headaches which I suffer from daily.
Tabitha57.... What brand of 150 SR did you take... Mylan,  sandoz or Brand name Wellbutrin?
This medication has helped my depressive mood due to bipolar disorder.  I was severely depressed without energy and suicidal, and this medication helped me get out of that dark hole I was in.
Makes me nauseated
I have Nexplanon for about 4 months now. The insertion was not painful but it did gave a brusing that lasted almost 3 weeks. I had my first period that lasted a week as well and then came back after a week it was gone but it was a minimal spotting, it lasted for another week. After that I havent had my period ever since. Also it give me break outs which i dont like but i can live with it. It is not so bad. So if you ask me so far so good with the nexplanon.
I have used Valium for many years and it is still the mainstay for minor anxiety disorders. Also helps with pain.
I think the medication is working fine until when I had it then a few minutes I brushed my tooth. Omg my tongue started to get numb and I have issue breathing. So don&rsquo;t use it right before or after u plan to brush your teeth. My  tongue would feel half numb. Not a good feeling.
Hello All! I have started this about a week ago, and so far its not been too bad! I did experience nausea if taken on an empty stomach. At the same time I would experience headaches and dizziness. I have not noticed wanting to eat more than usual, I have noticed not having much of an appetite anymore. Which is a bit odd because Im always down for food. I would DEFINITELY recommend to make your daily time to take the pill at night around dinner time. Its a little more convenient so you 're not going to work or school having to deal with any side effects.
I am on 1200mg a day to help regulate my moods. I am being treated for Bipolar 2 and depression. It has worked wonders. My moods are now under control and I am not cycling nearly as bad as before.
Diagnosed with TN one week ago.  Pain so bad while on vacation in August, I could not function.  Searing hot pin pricks on the entire left side of my face.  ER doctor suggested TN or a sinus infection.  After a week, the symptoms all but disappeared.  After several weeks I started to get twinges of pain around my left upper lip area which progressed to include the whole left side of my face. Thinking this was all about my teeth I saw my dentist.  He took x-rays and did an examination and told me he thought I had TN.  My NP too suggested TN and will be referring me to a Neurologist.  In the meantime I am taking Neurontin 300mg 3x each day. The pain did not stop but has gradually lessened over the 1st week.  Looking forward to pain free days!
I 've been on liletta for a year now. If you never had children like me you will find the process very painful. I had severe cramping for about an hour after insertion and slight bleeding over a couple days. My periods are very light now basically spotting, but they last longer.  My acne has not changed; I still break out around the time of my period. And I feel like this IUD might be making me put on weight or not helping me to loose it. Overall very effective to prevent pregnancy.
I experience hallucinations (bad dreams) while using this medicine.
Works really well , but the size of the tube compared to the box it comes in is very very deceiving , when I bought my 50g one thought it was going to be bigger when it came out the box I thought someone had switched it for a smaller version just look before you buy
I 've been taking Lutera for a year and I 'm also a first timer. It works great, I used to get very heavy periods with mild cramps almost everyday. Now with Lutera I get lighter periods and almost no cramps. My only side effects are nausea and my fiance has told me that my breasts are looking much bigger. I have noticed that sometimes I eat too much and sometimes too little. My sex drive to be honest is normal. I would definitely recommend Lutera.
I had clean, clear skin before I started taking this. I 'm done with a months worth so far and noticed that I 'm slightly breaking out. But I 'm glad it enabled me to have my period the first month, that helps drain out the toxins from my body and that 's also how I knew it was working. I also took a pregnancy test to make sure it was working and so far a success. It does it 's job in preventing pregnancy when taken correctly. I 'm hoping my slight breakouts will subside overtime.
I was prescribed Lyrica (pregabalin) about 6 months ago. I was so shocked by the feelings of unreality it initially caused that I quickly stopped taking it. My fibromyalgia got so bad at the end of the year, that I decided to try it again. I take low doses, 25 mg 2x a day, sometimes a 50 mg. The effect sets in within hours. My fibromyalgia pain is almost completely gone. A late evening dose allows me to sleep longer.I do feel strange when I take it and my intellectual capacity is quite affected, but the lack of distraction by the pain and a better social interaction with increased confidence levels makes up for that.I have to make sure that authorities and decision-making bodies are aware of my reduced competence, and close friends should know of these side effects, so that they can make allowances for any out-of-character behaviour on my part i.e. my inability to repair their car stereo.
I took the depo shot for a year and a half. I got off 5 years ago and still have had irregular periods which isn 't normal for me. After seeing a obgyn she just told me to wait around and change my diet. Six months later I 'm still not having regular cycles. So I changed my obgyn and I love her to pieces! She told me that she 'll put me on the provera 5 day challenge I started yesterday upon taking the pill i already felt pms symptoms especially cramping. I 'll update later as I 'm going into my third day
I have OIC-Opioid induced constipation.  Most of the time it works; sometimes it does not. I also take Lactulose and Miralax when required as well. I 'm confined in a Convalescent Hospital. I 've had this constipation for over 2 years. Opioids are the best meds for my severe chronic pain.
I 've been on Apri for about a year now, since I took it I had no extreme side effects however, it didn 't do much to regulate the length of my periods which stayed in 5 days, didn 't clear up my skin though I never had an acne problem to begin with, I did take away my sex drive and I gained 7 pounds but I didn 't get pregnant which is why I needed it to begin with. Overall it does the main job.
I was on Zolpidem for around a month. It does make me go to sleep and is great for short-term use. However, you can become psychologically dependent on it. I started looking forward to my nightly fix and would feel panicky if I my supply was running low. It got to the point only 10mg could make me sleep. 5 mg did nothing for me (and I 'm a very petite lady). It was very difficult to come off it. I 've been off Zolpidem for nearly two months. I sleep naturally but my sleep isn 't as good as it was before i.e. I wake up several times throughout the night. I don 't know if this is an effect of month-long Zolpidem use. So in a nutshell - great for short-term use but long-term causes extreme dependency.
I 've been taking Tri-Sprintec for two months now. I have had persistent mild acne (plus scarring :/) since middle school. (I 'm in my twenties now). I must say -- this pill has improved my skin. It 's not perfect, but I 've noticed that my normally breakout-prone skin has cleared up a bit, so that 's nice to see. And now the negative: my appetite has increased *immensely*. I feel like I 'm starving all the time. It 's like constant PMS. I 'm hoping this will go away as my body acclimates to the pill... I 've consequently gained about 10 pounds...BUT -- my boobs have gotten bigger as a result, and my bum as well, so perhaps it 's not all bad...
I cannot take the 2nd dose anymore so I mixed it with freshly squeezed lemonade instead of water. I also chilled the Suprep bottle solution overnight so it was really cold when I mixed it with lemonade (don 't forget to strain so it 's pulp-free). This makes a big difference. I was able to drink the entire cup in three gulps. Chewing sugar-free gum after taking it also helps.
I 've been taking Victoza for 2 months, up to full dose.  Side effects, gas and sulphur burps and acid reflux.  What I have realized is that this medicine actually makes your stomach empty slower into the smaller intestine.  Imagine you have a chemically induced lap-band.  You cannot eat what you were use to, your stomach is half full to begin with.  So with alot of trial and error you will figure out the eating habits to prevent the reflux and such.  I am planning on eliminating dinner, just a nestle ' Boost and maybe cheese and grapes later but want to do just the boost.  So I hope major weight loss comes soon.  I will let you know.
I suffered from depression and generalized anxiety disorder for 4 years and 10 mg of Lexapro worked miracles.  Side effects lasted about  month and included fuzziness, fatigue and brain zaps.  I weaned myself off 6 months ago and should NOT have done that. Fell into major depression and horrible anxiety including panic attacks.  Really bottomed out finally with a twitching emotional collapse curled up in bed.  Forced myself to Dr. who put me back on 10 mg 3 weeks ago.  First week side effects horrible, including nausea, cramps, brain zaps, tremors and nightmares.  Now, into 4th week, depression is gone, anxiety much relieved and able to function.  I know in another couple of weeks, I will be back to normal again.  
I have only been on it for a month but nothing terrible. No weight gain, in fact lost 5 pounds but I was super aware of my eating habits since I didn 't want to gain any. I did have like mini emotional episode 2 weeks in where I was anxious but it was only for 2 days and I haven 't felt anything since. I did experience nausea for the first week or so, but that went away. Over all I really like this pill and will probably stick with it but its important to remember that everyones body is going to react differently so try it out and see if it works for you or not!
I was on 30mg Prozac daily for stress/anxiety/depression after having an eating disorder for 6  years and felt after 1 year I hit a plateau and weaned myself off of it.  When I missed a dose I definitely felt the anxiety creep back and depression set it, but got sick of feeling numb with no emotions and unable to cry even when I wanted to.  I however; after being off of it for a year and trying it again because I know I didn 't gain weight on it which was my biggest fear. I am afraid to try another medicine and frankly don 't feel like going through the weeks you have to wait to see if they work.  I know I liked Prozac in all when I was on it and just hope the plateau I felt is gone.  
I have been taking Levora for a year and a half. For the first year, maybe a little less, it was great. My periods weren 't shorter but definitely lighter. My face cleared up but not entirely. The week before the placebo pills my face always seems to get worse but not anything to worry about. However, like most other people my libido DECREASED to the point that I have absolutely no desire. For that reason I talked to my doctor and will soon be switching to Tri Sprintec which I have heard some terrible reviews about so I am skeptical about that as well. I would recommend Levora if it is for lighter periods or for acne issues. 
I have been taking this product for three days. My worst and only side effect now is that it makes me feel so tired. I can 't take it in the morning so I have started trying it at night. Can 't wake up very well in the am but it beats the pain I had before I started it. I was so impacted I could barely bend over.
I was in an accident that affected nearly every part of my body. After using this medication, the relentless pain from neck, lower back, arm, leg, rib and multiple pelvic fractures combined with considerable nerve damage was reduced to the point that I could begin therapy and resume some normal activity in my life.
Having suffered panic attacks and anxiety and depression for several years now, always have my Xanax with me in case of any unexpected panic attacks. I take 90mg of Avanza each night in addition to 2mg of Xanax twice a day. Xanax for me has been the only drug that has quick and fast acting results. I don 't like flying or heights or crowds and avoid shopping centers but with Xanax can at least function each day and at least leave the house. Good luck to everyone else out there suffering the same. Try Xanax it works for me. Cheers.
Probably the best antidepressant I 've taken in terms of overall effect and side effects (minimal side effects).  Also, I noted the improvement in days, vs weeks for SSRI/SNRI 's.  It 's not like being hit by a dose of Ritalin but just was a general sense of wanting to get back in the game, feeling ok, but not &quot;locked in&quot; - still have a good range of emotions.
I am a newly diagnosed osteoarthritis sufferer. I felt so depressed when I started reading about my condition. I feel so hopeless right now. My doctor prescribed me to take Celebrex twice a day for three days. The pain has severely reduced and no side effects so far.
For Osteoporosis: In 2014 the Dr.  prescribe me Prolia due to its stronger potency, along with the continued Cal-VitD tablet. Though my bone density increased some % since taking Prolia, starting one year ago I was feeling a constant back pain, from right to left of my hip, now and constantly 90% on the left side, I was diagnosed with weakness of the last 5 lumbar vertebrates. I do pilates reformer since 4 years ago as a therapy three times a week, walk almost every day 4-5 Km and play golf 1-2 x week, I used to be very actvive, but this back pain is really hurting and making me depressed. 
I used to have terrible acne on my skin, and so I went to my dermatologist and he prescribed this. I used it for about half a year, and my acne was starting to clear up. Although, I recommend wearing lots of sunscreen during the summer, because you will get facial sunburns. But oddly enough, while using Oracea, I started to experience moderate heart palpitations and panic attacks and anxiety, and so I stopped using Oracea immediately. I am not sure that I recommend this to everyone.
Very stable medicine in the sense of little personality change and no physical side effects other than loss of appetite in the first week. I am 58 years and believe this medicine is the first ADD medication that I have noticed is truly effective.  It has helped my concentration and increased the length of time I work without any distractions.  As some others have commented, some &quot;passion&quot; has been removed as a trade-off in of efficiency in work and a greater degree of focus.  I think my sense of humor has somewhat diminished and everything is more important in some ways and seriousness has replaced my having fun nature.  I believe on the whole it has made a positive improvement in the way I function.
Works great, I do not feel like a zombie.
I applied the gel to some contact dermatitis, and it worked great for the rash. However, a side effect I experienced was that it caused me to have very strange dreams during sleep. I now apply it in the morning and have had no further problems.
I 've only been on this birth control for about a week. So far I haven 't experienced any side effects. I read a lot of reviews that talked about heavy spotting, I 'm hoping that this won 't happen to me or I 'll have to change it. This is my first time on birth control.
I took it before I got on a flight... Diahrreaing on the plane as I type this
This medicine takes away your infection within a couple of days. I would stay away from caffeine if you are known to have anxiety. Muscle aches are not there like some of these scary reviews... I am very sensitive to a lot of medicine, this one works!! The only side effect is if you go in sun you will get rash.... Also, my jaw feels a little stiff. Other than a few side effects, I 'd rather get rid of an infection that could lead to worse!
I 've been taking this birth control for about 3 years now and I would say it 's been good for me. The only negative thing  I noticed is increased appetite and a decrease in sex drive. I do think my boobs got bigger from it and I have some mild acne but who knows if it 's from the pill or not.
I have been taking this pill for about three weeks now and even though I 'm not trying it out for birth control my aunt put me on it, but its better to be safe then sorry. However, my acne (I didn 't really have much before) but the little I did have is gone, my face kind of has a glow to it. I 'd say this is a pretty good pill.
I was recently diagnosed bipolar type 2 with mostly depression episodes. I was before on citalopram for 6 months after burning out in April. Latuda has really helps with the mood swings, I 'm much more happy, social and productive. It 's effect is almost instant. I 'm on 10mg and will up to 20mg soon. The only negative effect I 've experienced with Latuda is brain fog. It 's been challenging for me as I am a university student. With Citalopram I would get straight As, study long periods and memorize 200 pages in 2 days. With Latuda, I have trouble memorizing a paragraph. I also tend to forget stuff. Psychiatrist says it will get better with time. Even tho I enjoyed Citalopram, I had terrible side effects. With Latuda, none. I finally feel normal.
Today, I used the 145mg dose of Linzess for the first time.  I suffer with constipation due to the daily use of Methadone to control Restless Leg Syndrome.  I 'm glad I took this first dose on a day when I could stay home.  Within 2 hours, I needed to make an urgent trip to the bathroom.  It was a quick trip.  I thought I might have to go quickly again, but I did not.  However, I did feel a little shaky for a while after that.  I rested, and then I felt OK.  No more urgencies to, uh, take care of.  And I feel OK, pretty normal.  So, I don 't think I 'll take this before work tomorrow, and I 'll have to figure out how to fit it into my schedule, but it sure worked quickly and completely.
I have two boys they are 2 years and 15 days apart. The day I got the Mirena inserted there was some pain with the procedure but by the end of the day it was gone. I have been bleeding heavy and light since and its been 2 1/2 weeks now. I have noticed hair loss, increase in appetite, and mood swings.
I absolutely LOVE Aczone. I 'm only 12, almost 13, but I started getting somewhat severe acne after I turned 11. The first thing I tried was Proactiv, which didn 't work, then I tried Neutrogena, which also didn 't work, and I have also used about 6 other tropical treatments that barely worked. In January 2012, I finally went to a dermatologist for help, and he had me try Epiduo with some acne antibiotic, and it worked pretty well for two months, but then I started getting bad breakouts again. When I went back to the dermatologist, he said I may have a different type of bacteria in my acne, so he said Aczone may be better for me, and a different antibiotic. I 've been using Aczone and the antibiotic for almost a month, and my face is almost clear!
This medicine was a life saver! When it was prescribed for me, my life turned around completely. It helped me control my irrational emotional reactions to things, temper, helped to bring my mood up from below while not causing hypomania, lost a little bit of weight on it. The only thing negative about it is when I first started it, it did make me quite anxious, but that attenuated over time. It also makes me tremor quite severely.
I have been on this birth control for almost 4 weeks and I have experienced some side effects such as weight gain. I noticed that my breasts are VERY tender but they have gotten bigger. My hair does grow back faster also. I shave my arms so after one day I would feel stubble. Before I was on the pill I would have at least 3 days before I would feel stubble. I took the pill to get my period regulated but I haven 't got my period this month. My doctor said sometimes you wont get your period for at least six months if you are on the pill. I have also had some mood swings but not severe.
Pros: very light to practically no bleeding, period only lasts 1 or 2 days, not pregnant (the main goal), clear skin (at first), breasts grow.Cons: decrease in sex drive, tender breasts, lack of energy, blurred vision (like how your eyes are first thing when you wake up in the morning), weight gain, hot flashes at night, breasts growing (I am already a big girl with DD breasts)...less is more, the clear skin I had in the beginning is now not so clear. I started on the pill for 2 reasons. 1.) because I wanted to prevent pregnancy and 2.) because I had constant HEAVY bleeding.  It would go on for months without a break and this pill has made it so that I barely bleed at all.
I give Pristiq an 8 for effectiveness in treating depression, however I would give it a 10 for effectiveness as an anti-depressant because I believe it gives as much as you can ask for. It has also scored highest in the top 10 treatments for depression according to a recent Australian survey. I am 18 years old, male and this is the first anti-depressant I have taken. In short, It brought me out of hell and out of a depth of despair, sadness and pessimism one naive to depression couldn 't possibly imagine. It took about 3 and a half weeks to work well (I 'm on 50mg), has a stimulating effect but causes sexual side effects.
Before, just the thought of trying to quit smoking stressed me more than it was worth but for my family I still wanted to try again.  When I started taking Chantix I told myself that I was not setting a quit date, that I would just see how it went. I only took the morning dose to try to prevent the possible sleeping problems.  The cigarettes started tasting bad to me almost immediately but I was too stubborn to let that stop me.  After two weeks I just started cutting back gradually trying to break up my smoking routine a little, by the end of week three I didn 't need them anymore at all.  I did experience nausea but none at all if I ate before I took it.  I 'm smoke free and my kids are thrilled.
I 've been on this for almost two months now and in my short experience it has done wonders.  My old periods would cause severe cramps, nausea, vomiting, periods lasting up to 16 days, and horrible mood swings.  For roughly the two weeks around my period I was so sad and honestly thought there was something wrong with me.  But now my periods (so far) are short, almost painless, and no vomiting.  My mood swings have toned down so much I forgot what it was like to be this calm.  The only issue I find is I have gained fat (but not weight??) as I 've eaten more so that really is my own fault.  And I have very tender, dense, sore breasts that I can 't sleep on my stomach anymore.  But this definitely isn 't as bad as how I used to be so very good!
Lexapro is good it has really helped to calm me down. The first few days have been tough I have been nauseated, I have lost my appetite, I 'm restless, but overall it really is making a difference and I have only been on it a few days. It hasn 't helped my depression yet, but I have been told it takes a while.
Zoloft was great for controlling my depression, anxiety and obsessive thinking. The side effects were not terrible, all but one of them went away in about a month. The ones that only lasted through the first month were: feeling tired and drained as well as an occasional but mild headache, however, the only long lasting side effect was decreased sex drive, which unfortunately never subsided for me, (the drive is still there, it just isn 't as intense) This is a great medicine for depression, anxiety and obsessive thoughts, if you haven 't tried it, please do.
I have had this implant for 2 1/2 years! It has never failed me. It 's awesome that I don 't have to try and remember to take a pill, or change a patch and so on. I have tried almost every single kind of birth control out there. This is by far the best. HOWEVER...depending on your body (if you are anything like me) it can also have its negative side. I often will go two months WITH my period. Sometimes it is so painful and I can 't even stand up. Also, the have become heavier. After about 6 months I started to notice that they really were much much heavier and very unpredictable. It 's a 50/50 with this implant. Take the good with the bad I guess.
I was on Wellbutrin, Prozac and Zoloft (trying each per my doctors orders, waiting about 6 weeks, repeat with next) for anxiety.  I stopped even trying &quot;instant&quot; anti-anxiety drugs (Xanax, Valium) years ago because they &quot;zombified&quot; me too much.Cymbalta is AMAZING.  After about 2 weeks the side effects disappeared entirely.  I can concentrate better, I sleep VERY soundly, and no panic attacks!For those having insomnia issues... some people here say take it at night.  I had exactly the OPPOSITE experience.  Taking Cymbalta at night/dinner time would make sleep nearly impossible/restless.  Taking it first thing in the morning I get a little tired in the afternoon, but nothing a latte won 't fix.  I sleep like a BABY now;  which I haven 't done ever.
I have taken Prilosec for over 15yrs. It works great for the heartburn/reflux/gerd. But let me tell you what it took away from me! It dropped my iron and my iron stores to the bottom, it also took my B12 to the bottom. It also after years of taking it gave me anxiety, cramping of muscles and lead to my potassium being low as well. Then most recently I kept having a horrible burning in my stomach, well guess what Prilosec gave me most of all! A stomach full of gastric polyps!! So now I have weaned myself off this horrible medicine cause gastric polyps are a side effect of it and no one tells you! And if you keep taking it , well guess what it makes even more in your stomach once it starts!! So I weaned myself off it, took over a month
This medicine has been amazing for me.  I was unable to sleep on my right side for the last 5 years due to pain, and now I can, with almost no pain.  The only down sides are that it causes extreme &quot;dry mouth&quot; for me (which gets worse when I am nervous) and constipated.  But it is worth it for the pain relief I am getting.
I 've had acne for about 12 years now since I 'm 13 years old.  I have tried different things including Proactive and Acne Free along with some other prescription medications. Nothing ever cleared it 100 percent. I have been using Differin gel 0.03% for a little over two weeks now. At first my face was dry and broke out worse then normal. The last few days my face has gotten better, I have about 5 blemishes rather then 12 large cysts that I would normally have. I am hoping that the rest clear up soon. I notice my acne scars have gotten better looking as well since using Differin. I am super excited to see the coming weeks progress.
Was put on this after I went to the psych ward for suicidal thoughts and general depression.  Before this I was on Prozac for 3 weeks, stopped taking it due to increased anxiety and extreme binge eating that I never had before. After that my doc switched me to 20 mg Celexa. Took that on and off for over a year... it helped slightly with anxiety but quickly became as effective as taking sugar pills. I started on the generic SR, 2 a day and with that I had slight ringing in the ears, some random panicky feelings. But my mood had improved tremendously, plus my sex drive went way up after just 1 day! My appetite control is great. On 300 mg XL generic now and side effects are subsiding. Had worries about seizures but that 's rare. 0.3% incidence.
I have been taking Zarah for almost 3 months. I have polycystic ovarian syndrome and working on getting healthier to try and have a child. When I first took Zarah I got these major headaches at first and tender breast but after three weeks the headaches went away. I haven 't had my period in a little over a year because of my PCOS so when I got my first one it was painful but since than they have been easier. My skin looks great and haven 't gained any weight. I still have tender breast but part due to my PCOS. I 'd recommend it if you can bare with the first two or three weeks. It has been better than others I 've tried. Also no mood swings either.
I was diagnosed with GAD about four months ago, and I started taking 25mg of Zoloft daily. It works wonders!! I 'm more calm and able to do things that I used to.
This pill has been absolutely amazing. I can truly say that I have had no problems with it. It definitely does it job and does it well. My oily skin has cleared and I have actually lost weight ! I am eating less and it 's great. I would definitely recommend this oral contraception for anyone who gas had it rough with other pills.! I do get my period every month so I am thinking about switching to one that I won 't get it but other than that I love this pill!
After benzoyl peroxide made my skin worse, I was prescribed differin cream 0.1%. Results were slow at first but with maintaining a good skincare routine and healthy diet my skin showed huge improvements after about 2-3 months of use. Little side effects, some dryness but as to be expected with any acne product and easily resolved with moisturiser. Felt a lot less harsh on my skin than benzoyl peroxide. I am left with some spots and scarring but the effects have been overall brilliant. Would reccommend sticking with it for a few months to see best results!
Cimzia worked the best and fastest for my RA. I was on Simponi &amp; Enbrel before but they stopped working after a few months and took some time to kick in. The only thing is that all these biologics make my psoriasis come back for some reason. Also, I 've been having hive-like reactions on my mouth and cheeks almost daily for the past 2 months.
I started taking this medication about a year after I 'd been on bupropion with no lessening of depression.  After 6 months on oxcarbazepine minimum dosage I stopped drinking.  Had to increase dosage to 900 mg/day (I 'm one who really doesn 't like having to take medicines). I 've been clean/sober for 18 months and tried to get off both medicines mentioned in a week.  Nearly relapsed so went back to former dosages.  Doctor suggested reducing dosage of bupropion over a year.  I decided to stay on full dosage unless I lose my job/insurance.  No more suicidal thoughts or that feeling like my brain is going down a dirt road.  I 'm not sure I 'd label myself bipolar, but this does seem to help, a lot.
Symptoms started Monday. Confirmed flu test and started Tamiflu Wednesday. I just took my thitd dose and my fever has gone down from 103 wednesday to 99 thursday. I agree with the really vivid wild dreams and sleeping 3 hours at a time. Also my taste and smell are almost completely gone. I am not sure if all of that is from Tamiflu or maybe its just effects of the flu virus. Regardless I feel much less achy, headachy and fatigued. Also I am not sweating buckets anymore. I am satisfied with the medicine.
40 year old female with history of suffering with overactive bladder both urgency and frequency since 2009. I was having 2-3 leaks a day and at one point had to start wearing adult diapers.I tried all the conservative treatments-therapy, every prescription medication, and interstim in 2013. All of these methods failed for me. In July of 2014 I received my first dose of Botox, it helped a little with frequency not so much urgency. I just received my second dose of Botox on July 8,2015. This time my doctor increased my dose. As of July 13th I was no longer wearing pads or liners. I am one happy girl :) 6 long years of hope and finally something has worked for me. My frequency has decreased and there is NO sense of urgency and NO LEAKS. YAY!!!
I 've been on Paxil for about the past four years.  It helps stabilize my depression, which I 've had for many years.  It doesn 't make me happy, but at least I can function and feel like a normal person.  It is one of two medications that have helped me at all (the other being Celexa, but that one made me gain extreme weight).  The only negative thing is that I gained some weight months after taking it.  Despite a few extra pounds, I 'll keep taking it.
I get better results with Rapaflo than Flomax. I have no ejaculate, which feels weird, but OK.  It 's dropped my BP about 10-15 pts, I 'm a bit calmer, and its helped with some mild erectile dysfunction.  So, it 's a winner.
Been on Jardiance 10mg 3 months and have lost 20 lbs without changing my diet significantly. First time under 200 lbs in 30 years!  My BP is lower and my knees don 't ache and have not had any back pain . However, my HgA1C has increased from 8.5 to 10.2 and BG 's have increased to between 10 - 15 (Canadian readings!) I am taking Metformin 1000 mg twice daily along with the Jardiance. My Dr. discontinued Glucophage and Januvia before adding Jardiance so this may have caused the increased changes. I 've had 3 yeast infections during this time but better now. Dry mouth and increased thirst as well as urine that is almost syrupy at times. My Dr. was not aware of weight loss as a side effect so sending me for tests! Thanks for your reassurance!
Risperdal has made my life manageable again. I suffer from PTSD and schizophrenia primarily with thought disorder (although I have hallucinated and heard voices). I used to scream in my sleep and thought everyone was trying to kill me. When I started risperdal the terrifying thoughts stopped and my behavior returned to normal. I take risperdal with a combination of gabapentin and zoloft. I now have a very good job and good relationships with my friends, family, and co-workers.  There are downsides to this drug such as weight gain. I gained a lot of weight the first two years I started taking risperdal. It is important to note that I have since lost a good bit of the weight I have gained.
Well, I 've been battling acne since I was 18- I 'm 24 now. This has been one horrible, embarrassing and freakin ' expensive ride. I 've done everything from top of the line facials to the whole raw vegan thing. Nope, still cursed. This has led to severe depression and self esteem issues. I tried orthotricylcen-lo and it cleared things up a bit. Stopped after a year due to migraines. I 'm now on my 3rd week of yasmin and I have noticed some changes in my skin. My skin is less oily but my many small zits around my mouth have turned into a few huge inflamed cystic pimples, moving toward my jaw line and neck(?). It takes about 3 months to see the full effects so hang in there friends! One plus side is my boobs are so swollen they look great.
Zanaflex (Tizandine Hydrochloride) has been a very effective medication for fibromyalgia related muscle pain. I take a 1 to 2 mg dose twice daily and it relieves leg and neck muscle spasms.
So far this medications does help but it makes me very sleepy. Generally when I get a bad migraine its debilitating. I usually leave work and in bed for the rest of the day. So far I 've taken this medication twice and it helps rid the migraine and/or lessens it to a dull headache, then I need to rest, stay hydrated, no lights, noise or strong smells
It worked great!  But very disappoint that I can 't afford $135.00 for a 30 day supply.  My insurance doesn 't cover it so until then I will hope the price comes down.
I opted for Nexplanon after giving birth to my now 9 month old daughter. The first 7 months, I bled continually. This month I haven 't had one at all. I have not gained weight in fact I am losing weight, and no problems with acne.  Only complaint was constant bleeding at first and my arm was real tender for a few wks in the beginning.  Oct 2016, will  be  my 3 yrs and I plan on getting it removed and a new one inserted.
I have been on everything in the last 4 years for feet problems. I was up to being able to chew up 2 x 80mg of oxy at 1 time with little pain relief so I got the doctor to switch me to methadone and it works well. Still have some break through pain but can deal with it.
I was diagnosed with a blood clotting disorder 10 years ago after a blood clot took 3 ft of my small intestine. I 've been on Coumadin ever since until about a month ago when my doctor suggested Pradaxa. Overall it 's been a good change, decreased bruising and no blood tests, and increased amount of greens in my diet. The down side is trying to remember to take it twice a day with food. I have noticed a slight change in my weight...it 's gone up. I don 't know if it 's from the Pradaxa or not. Last night I took it after a small snack and suffered almost immediate heartburn/acid reflux. I 'm still suffering this morning....hopefully it will pass soon.
The only thing I am worried about is Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML). I hope it will never come to me. 
I have been taking Trazodone for about 2 weeks for anxiety and sleeping problems. After about 2 nights of taking it, I started getting good results and have been sleeping great and anxiety improved. Only setback is the next day after a good nights sleep, I am very tired, sleepy and at times have a weak feeling throughout the day. When evening comes, this problem seems to go away. Also get very mild headaches. 
I have tried many different medications for my back, I have deteriorating arthritis in my lower back along with curvature of the spine. I am currently on Opana ER 10 mg twice a day, and Norco 4 times a day for break through pain. When I get up in the morning I can hardly move, I take the Opana and within half an hour I can move better. I still have pain but not as intense as it was. It has helped a lot. I would not be able to afford this medicine without the coupon.
Before I start my period, I get cramps, acne and I 'm very moody on this pill. My sex drive is usually very high. This is the only pill I 've ever taken so I don 't have much to compare it to but I don 't find it that bad.
I have had Nuvaring for about 2 years now because I am not responsible enough for the pill. The reviews really scared me but all together I say it did it 's job. I am very sensitive down there and hurt very easily but I never feel it throughout the day. Although I do have to take it out during sex because I feel it and it just feels a bit weird to me no pain though (my fiance does not feel it). I have a extremely high metabolism and have acne. The ring has not made it worse or better which is fine by me. I also have not had any issues with depression but I have noticed my libido is a bit less since I have been on it. Oh but it did help me with my severe cramps which my fiance loves! No real spotting either. 
I was &quot;scared&quot; at first to try Duragesic because I knew this was a very strong pain killer. But I was taking so many pills without much relief that something else had to be done. I still have some pain (back pain - 3 compression fxs., and a fractured kneecap). The patches have been a big help in managing all my bone pain.  Glad I was &quot;brave&quot; enough to try them. My Dr. is great to prescribe them,
I have been having severe hip pain for over 9 months now. Did physical therapy, no change. Taken Motrin, naprosyn, ice - nothing relieved the pain. Couldn 't even stand, sleep or get out of my car without pain and I 'm only 32. I 've been taking Mobic for 1 day and already feel 95 percent better.
My experience with this pill is good and bad, after reading everyones comments I realize that I am more moody and tired. I also wanna cry over the smallest things. I too have lost 15 lbs on this pill (weight I could not afford to lose by the way) and my appetite has severely dropped. But my periods are on the exact day everyone month, and my acne is gone except for the week of my period. 
I 've been on this pill for 3 years and I haven 't had but one complaint. My skin is so clear I only get maybe one pimple around my placebo pill days and I don 't even get my period at all. Mood is fine, I never have cramps, and I 've never gained weight on this pill. My only complaint is that my libido is non existent. It makes me feel less human in a way. I 'm switching to an IUD because I don 't want to worry about a daily pill and I 'm really hoping it will give me back my libido. But overall, this pill is excellent and low dose so low chances of bad side effects.
I took 3 tablets around 9:30am (Saturday with nowhere to go). I was severely constipated - about 3 weeks without bm. At 1 pm it started working with no side effects what so ever. I was shocked because I read all the other reviews how horrible it is. I think it really depends on your body. I think this is good for those that are severely constipated and don 't know what else to do. This worked for me after linzess, miralax, senna, lactulose, you name it, did not work.
I started contrave this past saturday which was 7/9/2016 I don 't have any side effects except today Im sitting at work and Im sleepy. But otherwise I have already lost 4 pounds in 3 days I am very excited and can 't wait to see how it 's going to be when I get up to the full dose I will be reporting back.
I was in a motor vehicle accident in 07 and had a crushed vertebrae and herniated disc. I was prescribed Norco and it works very well. Its the only thing I can use that works.
I have been on this pill for about a month. So far I have experienced some side effects such as mild nausea the first few days I was on it but not enough to bother me. I have had light headaches on and off, and also a change in my appetite. But my appetite actually is decreasing.. While I feel hungry more often, the amount of food that it takes to make me feel full is significantly less. I feel like I am losing weight on this pill. I am hoping that the side effects go away soon. My physician said that every birth control pill will make you feel the way I do for 2-3 months until your hormone levels level out and get used to the new pill which makes total sense. So I am not worried yet and think that this pill will work just fine for me
I have been on this medicine now for 3 weeks. Just went to the doctor yesterday and was still at my current weight as before. I was very disappointed but the doctor said that I was not yet on the full dose which is the 4 pills . He said things should change when taking the 4 pills . During the first 3 weeks I seemed to be hungry which I never was when I was on adipex. Hopefully next week when I start 4 pills a day that will change. Doctor said if nothing changes then we will try a different medication. Anyone wanting to know about price , I paid 70.00 through the discount card the doctor gave me. That Is for 120 pills.
Started taking this drug after having trouble dealing with anxiety at bedtime, and I honestly could not have asked for a more effective drug or excellent results.  Unfortunately finally built up resistance to 3mg; at that point I had to stop taking it and did so the wrong way.  Went cold turkey and did not sleep for three nights in a row even though I was taking Benadryl x3 and a Rozerem. Been trying different non-sedadting (hypnotic/non-benzodiazepine) sleep aids and have found nothing close to Lunesta yet.
I was constipated for 11 days. I tried everything I was even in the hospital. Some how this did the trick but it left me with the most gut wrenching cramps I have ever experienced. And it made me have diarrhea. 
My first experience with Imitrex was taking it at work...well, that was not a good idea! I started to feel the migraine coming on, so I took it at the first symptoms like I was told and went about my day. I 'm a technician for an ophthalmologist and I started to get a hot flash. I stood up and my arms and legs went totally numb. Since I 'm on Topamax too I expect a little tingle, but this was a RUSH. All this aside, about 30 minutes later most of my heavy duty migraine symptoms were thwarted. Not gone, but a lot better. I feel they would have been much better if I had been able to lie down rather than been on my feet working. I also still had a pretty decent headache and photophobia the rest of the day.
I have been on tramadol for many years for fibromyalgia back pain. I take six  50mg a day. It does in fact help. It makes it bearable most of the time. However when its at its worst, the medicine doesn 't faze it. I would recommend a second prescription of something much stronger for occasional pain (maybe 10 a month if that). Doctors and lawmakers need to realize that people with pain that will never get better and will progressively get worse, need relief. Unfortunately that is going to involve addictive medication. But their addiction isn 't the high. It 's the addiction to function and to live a productive life. We crave these medications because we know without them our quality of life is very low.
I have absolutely no complaints.  I switched from Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo to Tri-Sprintec and I prefer Tri-Sprintec.  I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for three months and experienced a great deal of emotional fluctuations as well as a mild depression, as well as semi-heavy periods.  I just completed one month of Tri-Sprintec and it has been completely normal and a lighter period.  I was scared to switch because of all the reviews I read about Tri-Sprintec, but I 'm so happy I did.
Not sure exactly what condition I have, Doctor 's have just generically named it &quot;Peripheral Neuropathy&quot; but there 's more to it than that. I 'm 38 now &amp; I 've battled this since I was a child. I have this intense burning ache that began as a child in my feet &amp; has gotten worse over time. It also affects my hands. It used to just act up at bedtime, so bad at times that I had to wrap my feet in ice packs to get relief. Now it 's all hours &amp; hands/feet and I have a stiffness and severe putting edema that pops up &amp; then disappears with no regularity. There 's no explanation from Doctor 's YET. I was given this cream and I rub it into my hands, wrists, feet, &amp; lower legs. It does seem to calm things some, reduces the burn.
Works well but I need it 3 x a day.
Very effective medication if you can handle the side effects. I gained over 100 pounds from this medication. But the medication does work. That 's why I am still on it. I now get a Zyprexa injection once a month (used to get it twice a month) and I take an oral tablet at night before bed. I take a Topamax pill now so I don 't gain as much weight anymore. The other side effect is fatigue and lethargy but it 's worth the side effects to stay stable and out of the hospital.
Worked great for my cough, however gave me nightmares. After reading other reviews and research about it causing these nightmares. I found it was because I took it with nicotine patch, albuteral, prednisone and antidepressant (prescribed for quitting smoking) ...I wish I had known that would/could happen. I would never have taken it. Going to be a long day at work tomorrow. Yaaaaawn.
I am on my second pack of Lo Loestrin. The first and second pack have both caused spotting and my first period was a regular period of 5 days. I am emotional and cry easier. I hope the spotting goes away and I have less bleeding for my period or none at all.
I 've been on Jolessa for 2 months now.  I 've been spotting going on a month straight.  My doctor put me on Motrin 600 3 times a day for 5 days and that was supposed to help stop the spotting.  It did make it lighter but after the 5th day, I had really bad cramping and spotting went to a heavier flow. I 'm going to try and hang in there because the pills did increase my breast size which is great for someone that 's 31 and wearing 34A.  Hoping the spotting would stop soon since I start my 3 month in a couple days.
I have been on Zyprexa for 6months now and it has calmed me down quite a bit. I have no more racing thoughts. I don 't hear voices or see things anymore. The only down fall to this medicine is the weight gain. I would highly recommend it though.
I 've been taking the etodolac for a while now. My Doc put me on it when I was diagnosed with costocondritis (pain and inflammation in the cartilage between my ribs). After a while, I noticed that my arthritic knee pain had also subsided. A few months later, he diagnosed me with bursitis in my hip for the second time and I asked for more of the etodolac because of the success I had had with the abatement of my knee issues. I missed a full day of the medication, and I could REALLY feel every ounce of pain from my knees to my hip to my chest! Recently, I 've been told that I now have the beginnings of degenerative disc disease in my lumbar spine, and my etodolac has been extremely helpful. A muscle relaxer helps to calm my back muscles.
I took Cialis for the first time four days ago and have had nasal congestion and flu like symptoms.
This is the second round of taking Boniva tablets.  I had significant improvement, such that I could quit taking it after 8 months.  Two years later, my bone density results indicated that I was again starting to lose bone density so am on boniva again.  I responded well and quickly, but I think I quit taking it too soon.  I am taking the once monthly tablet and the first three months, each time, I had really bad muscle pain in my back for two days after taking the pill, but since I knew that was one of the possible side effects, I weighed the benefits against the muscle pain and chose to continue taking it.  I have been on Boniva this round for nine months now, and I no longer have the muscle pain or any other side effects.
Helped with the manic episode
Celexa has calmed me down a lot. I use to stress about everything. I always feared the worst. Celexa has helped me overcome this feeling. However at times I seem too laid back and I get very annoyed with people who complain about everyday situations.  At first I thought this drug is not working but a month later I don 't know how I survived without it. I do have headaches more frequently and  sometimes I get lazy but sometimes I get this burst of energy too. Also every so often I get really somber but within an hour I calm down and feel awesome. This drug works wonders for me.
I have been taking Savella for about a week now. I have gone this whole week without a headache. WOW. At first, I was waking up in the middle of the night very thirsty, but that has gone away now. I have much more energy than before. One thing that is really bothering me right now is I am extremely bloated.
I feel calm- stress just rolls off me. I feel it for a moment, but the panic and anxiety do not kick in anymore, and I am able to move on through my day and focus on my normal activities. Food has lost its &quot;flavor&quot; a bit, but this is good because I used to over eat. Very very difficult to reach orgasm, and when I do, it is barely pleasurable. My doctor advised skipping my 50mg pill on days that I knew I would have intercourse. This has helped a little.
Pill is soft and easily broken in half. I do better taking half in the morning and half in the evening otherwise I get a dry mouth.
Works great for cystic acne - works some on whiteheads.  Like that it is once a day- but it is so expensive!  I got the manufacturer 's coupon card-so I haven 't had to pay much out of pocket. 
Started with a month on 40mg and am now increased to 80mg. Happy that it 's not making me too sleepy, actually waking around 5am, well before my alarm. Have lost some weight so happy with that. Still on the manic side so I asked for the increase and had my husband change my amazon password so I can 't continue a spending spree. Some muscle soreness, not sure if that 's the Latuda. And feeling like I over heat easily. Overall the side effects are tolerable and some of them welcomed. It 's the first mood stabilizer that I haven 't had horrible side effects with. I actually feel like it 's helping me function better.
I was prescribed this medicine for irregular heartbeat, but also noticed that it greatly affects my anxiety too. I would highly recommend it.
I was put on Relafen when I had an epidural for back pain and arthritis, also 2 back surgeries.  I found a specialist when I start having pain in my lower back and sharp pain in my leg.  My doctor put me on Relafen taking 2 pills a day.  My symptoms were well managed by this medicine.  I had no side effects and I was able to function quiet well. I think this medicine is a very good one for the type of pain I have for my back and pain down my thigh. I really recommend this to anyone with back or leg pain or arthritis in the back. It really works.
36yrs old and got it when I was in relationship. Started bleeding not too long after breakup and it went undiagnosed for 8 months. Finally got diagnosis and given 2 Azithromycin. Took without food and fine for first 30-45 mins then started to feel hot and like a dessert spoon was being dragged back and forth along stomach. Tried some toast to see if that would help alleviate pain. Had pain for a further 3 hours and slept as much as possible. 3.5 hours later and no pain still feeling a bit hot though. Recommend eating a big meal with these and do take them if prescribed...remember to wrap up his willie and don 't be so silly
I have been taking Ropinirole (Requip) for about three years. I take 2mg tablets: 1 at 6 a.m., 2 at 11 a.m., 2 at 4 p.m. and 3 at 8 p.m. It does not take away all my symptoms but it relieves them somewhat. I am also on an antidepressant.
This has been a miracle for me. I do have to take the name brand though. The fillers they use in generics tear my stomach up.
For me Reglan was a blessing as it ended my nausea, pain, and vomiting caused by gastroparesis. I know that for some people it comes with severe side effects. I was put on it for long term use. After reading up on it, I learned that it is recommended to be used for no longer than 12 weeks as that is often long enough to control symptoms for the time without the risk of long term use. If symptoms reoccur a person can go back on it. This happened to me. I was off it and went back on it for a month and my symptoms again improved. Also, reading the reviews, I see that some of you have been diagnosed with gastroparesis by doctors suspecting it. There are tests that can give a definitive diagnosis so another problem is not missed.
I found that my plaques were softened by the scalp oil.  I found the scalp oil easy to was out in a single washing.  Those were positives.I stopped using for the simple reason that I couldn 't sleep.I wear a night guard for my teeth grinding, and a c-pap for sleep apnea.By the time I put the thing in my mouth for my teeth, oiled up my head, placed shower cap followed by c-pap I felt smothered and found it difficult to sleep.The addition of oil and plastic hat (which is noisy) made my c-pap slip off and require attention frequently in the night.  Bedtime was a circus and scalp oil was a challenge I couldn 't keep in my routine.
I started using Depo consistently about a year ago. A break down of my body: Oily skin, gains weight easily, depression, and high sex drive.On the shot I did not get any break outs, in fact, it helped with my acne a little. I also did not gain weight but lost some weight. Periods got lighter at first and then stopped completely (which I loved). The cons were: mood swings, loss in sex, and vaginal dryness. I also did get my period back within the 3 months.If I didn 't like sex so much I would continue to use this form of birth control.
My hot flashes has reduced tremendously.   Initially,  I thought it was not working until I stopped taking it. When I went back on the meds I have been almost normal.   I am pleased
I have suffered from severely moderate cystic acne for the last 3 years and I had tried many different types of acne treatment. First Lymacycline, which I was on for 3 months, then I tried Erythromycin and Clarithromycin and both made me feel chronically sick all the time! My doctor recommended doxycycline and I was very pessimistic about it because of bad reviews on various websites. I am currently on doxycycline and the pill (Dianette) at the same time. It has only been a week using this combination but I already see a dramatic difference in my skin,  the pimples on my forehead have cleared up, so have most of the ones on my cheeks and its progressively getting better each day! I would really recommend this treatment!
5th day of the combo, 1st time being diagnosed with diverticulitis. 42 yr old female, with a family I love. Can 't wait to be off these mess not sure how I feel about them, I know they 're helping but can 't stand side effects!!! I can be anxious on my own I feel alright for the most part but once I feel something new or different I tend to freak myself out! But reading other people 's experiences has helped calm me a lot thanks to everyone for sharing feels better to know others going through the same thing. I wish everyone a quick recovery!!!
I am still in the very early stages of taking this Med. My doc prescribed it after the ativan wasn 't enough anymore. I 've been taking 2mg every 12 hrs (still getting use to the side effects) but overall it seems my migraines are very minor so far.I 've been taking less of my migraine meds, which I 'm extremely happy about. 
On Bydureon about a year.  I 'm 57, been diagnosed type 2 Diabetic for about 8 years. On Insulin + Metformin.  Doc prescribed this for me originally because I just couldn 't get my A1C below 7.0 even though my daily numbers rarely climbed over 130 even right after eating.The Pros:  A1C dropped into the low 4 's and remains at that level.  Lost 20 - 25 lbs and the weight has stayed off.  Pen device is not difficult to set up and use once a week, takes about 5 minutes max to do the injection routine and I 've only had 1 instance total in a year 's time of a pen not working properly.The Cons: HUGE needle that hurts. Bad nausea after injection and occasional itchy hard lumps at injection site. One major B/sugar crash - low 50 's.
It was very effective &amp; I didn 't experience ANY weight gain (I lost weight). My periods were short/light &amp; it was nice not having to remember to take the pill everyday. I DID experience more PMS (also known as random crying), tiredness, dizziness, and light bleeding between periods. I heard your body starts to adjust to these symptoms after a while though, but I got too nervous about not getting my period every month, so I switched back to the pill. If you 're on the fence, remember, every person is different, so why not give it try? It 's only for 3 months at a time. You can always switch back to normal birth control if you have any issues.
Started taking Victoza 6 days ago.  I have had migraines and a little bit of nausea.  I  am taking 0.6 mg.  I have not lost any weight from this medicine yet. My Doctor wanted me to try Victoza because even with low carb diet and 1500mg of metformin and 100mg of Januvia my blood sugar was still high.  I tried Lantus insulin for 10 days and gained 9 lbs in the 10 days after starting it so I quit taking it.  I have lost 16 lbs in the last year and my blood sugars have gone up so I do not want to take insulin and gain the weight I worked so hard to lose back.
Overall, I had a positive experience with venlafaxine, but users need to be aware of how difficult it can be to quit. I was on 150mg for about 18 months - not very long - and when I wanted to come off of it, it was a very difficult experience. I still am weaning myself off grain by grain, because cold turkey is simply not an option. The main withdrawal symptom I experience is electric shock sensations in the brain. They even make a noise. I 've heard that some people don 't have as much of a problem with it, but I don 't know how. In the beginning, I thought venlafaxine changed my life in a positive way, but over time it became somewhat less effective. It 's an effective medication, but beware of the consequences. Took it with 60mg mirtazapine.
My first experience with modafinil wasn 't as all said it to be. I have sleep apnea and have studied this drug for a long time. I decided to ask my doctor if I could try it. I was given the generic brand in Canada because it 's fully covered for status Indians.I was given apo-modafinil and not very satisfied with the effects. It did help a bit thou. I then renewed the prescription and they gave me a different generic modafinil,Mar-modafinil. Government changed that. Wow what a difference. I love it! This can be my new love. I first noticed the pill was pill shaped and more dense. It seemed the apo-modafinil was easy to break and disintegrated easy under my tongue. This tells me it probably had alot of filler and less potent. Good stuff.
Do not go to sleep after taking! Take in the morning and cramping will be mild. If you go to sleep, you 're body is not going to wake you until you 're really hurting. Expect diarrhea for several hours so plan to stay home for the day. Starts working in about 3 hrs if you 're awake. One 5mg tab is more than enough!
I got the implanon in Feb. 2012. I 'm going on 3 years using it. I will continue to use it as my BC plan because I 'm forgetful with pills and I travel a lot. When I first got it, I wasn 't on BC for over 7 months. I decided to get it and it works great. At first I was pretty emotional though for a few months. It calmed down and periods stopped soon after as well. It would be once a month for a couple of days. Then spotting every 2 months before it completely went away. I still get PMS but no period. No weight gain and no skin problems. Although this past month I started my period again and it has been going on for almost 2 weeks. I think it may be because the pestosterone may be releasing at slower levels. Nearing the end of the 3 years
I am a cigarette smoker. My dosage is one tablet twice a day for 10 day 's. I have 2 tablets left. My symptoms included severe post nasal drip and my face felt like I had been in a boxing match and lost. The Dr. said my ears were filled with fluid and my coughing was non stop. Tons of mucus coughed up and nose blowing. Since I am on day 9, I have to admit the side effects of this med is awful. Constant headache and like the others there is a disgusting taste in my mouth non stop, as well as my mouth is so dry that at times my tongue actually stuck to the roof of my mouth and my tongue hurts like it 's raw. I made sure to eat before taking this and drank at least 8 oz of water. Dizzy, nausea &quot;ugh&quot;. I can 't wait to be done. Also vivid nightmare
I have been on Paxil for 18 years now. Within the last seven years I have developed severe muscle tightness. I go to massage Thearapist and chiropractor every two weeks... This helps sometimes other times I 'm still in pain. I 'm going to see a rheumatologist next week who thinks it 's I might have an immune disorder since I was just diagnosed with raynauds in my toes.Paxil has helped my anxiety but sometimes I feel like I have no emotions and don 't react to things that I should be. Which is good and bad. Take care of yourself if you 're not feeling well see if a different medication works are different alternatives!! It just took me 18 years.
I take this pill to have a good night sleep. It 's been at least 5 years on it and I take 450mg.
Initially, 25 mg 3xd worked pretty well for me, but the effectiveness lessened somewhat after a few weeks. Then the doc changed the prescription to 25mg every 4 hrs as needed. That was ok during a bad couple of weeks, but then I began to notice myself getting irritable, which I think might have been from being so tired on it. When the anxiety got better I really noticed the irritability, which I got anyway with unmedicated anxiety. I was on it for about 3 months. I now haven 't taken it for 2 days and I expect I 'll only take it selectively from now on.
I have been on Zoloft for 7 months now and it has really improved my life. The first few weeks were absolutely BRUTAL. Couldn 't focus, super dizzy, nausea, more depressed, etc. However, I stuck with it and after about a month, the depression started to get much better. Of course, I still have my days (who doesn 't?) but I would highly recommend trying Zoloft if you can get through the first few weeks. It truly has changed my life for the better.
I just want to tell everyone with the implant that if your bleeding for more than a week take ibuprofen 3 times a day for 3 days. If it doesn 't stop the bleeding then go to the doctor!! Your periods are only suppose to last 1 week if more it needs removed!
I am 14 and I am beginning year 10. over summer break I decided from years of acne and expensive spot products I wanted to make a change to my confidence by taking accutane I 'm only just finishing the 1st month of the drug and I was expecting fast working treatment but don 't be disappointed if it doesn 't work in the first few weeks because mine didn 't. I get painful spots across my chin and on my back and chest, and I wouldn 't go out the house without a face full of foundation or a top that covers my chest and back. Since I have been taking the drug I have noticed the redness on my chin has calmed down. And the spots on my back are practically gone! I hope this helps :)
I was given Lamictal after a long period of trial and error with other medicines. Lamictal was wonderful, but much to my dismay I did experience severe side effects. When I went up to 200mgs a day I began to break out with hives from head to toe, eventually hands, feet, and face began to swell. Was finally taken off of it in ER. I truly wish this hadn 't happened, with Lamictal the horrible outbursts of anger ceased to occur and I finally felt &quot;normal&quot;. I hope my doctor can put me on something that works as well as Lamictal. I am afraid to end up like I was.
I got the Nexplanon in Feb 2013, I had a period for a full 2 months now I am Spotting lightly. I have back pain a lot, which is unbearable at times. But before this I had pains in my abdominal region, which was so bad I couldn 't walk. With my Nexplanon I have no pains there anymore. Although I could go without the mood swings and depressed feelings at times. So I hope this helps you ladies and I to could use some help, what other side effects are there I should be aware of.
I just started this pill a week ago, so far it has increased my appetite. I love it! Since I rapidly lost weight this summer due to depression. I 'm no longer depressed and my sex drive increased. Plus I have a fast metabolism so it 's perfect so far. Good luck!!!
Started taking Byetta three weeks ago, no real problems associated with it other than constipation which I hate. I have never ever had this problem in my life. My numbers went up a few points the first week but on the second week has been at 100-140. I can live with that, better than the 200-300 I was at with pills. Not eating as much lost 5 pounds so far and I don 't get as hungry as often as I did. So far it 's working.
I 've been taking it for 2 weeks and I love it. Best thing I 've taken.  I feel more level and energetic than I have in years.
I had mine inserted as soon as I could after giving birth (about 6 weeks afterwards). I have one child with no desire to have another, but my doctor would not tie my tubes due to my age (younger 20s). Therefore, I opted for the next best thing: the ParaGard.My only complaints are my periods are A LOT heavier, and I tend to cramp when my cycle begins and during ovulation. I never had cramps prior to having the ParaGard inserted. These possible symptoms were relayed to me prior to placement so I was mentally prepared.All in all, I 'm 3 years in, and I absolutely LOVE this thing. If my doctor still refuses to tie my tubes when I 'm older, I 'll just have another inserted.
I am 43yo and had the Mirena inserted a month/half ago. I have to say I have gained weight excessively (12lbs) but I DO eat a lot and have not been to the gym as I usually do on a regular basis, so in time I will be able to factor in the cause/effect appropriately.  Insertion was &quot;uncomfortable&quot; but bearable. I have read many of the reviews and have to say it is definitely dependent on the person. You will always hear the bad, but for anyone contemplating the Mirena I would do my research on the pros /cons and know you that there are chances of it not giving you the results you want (outside of the bc); i.e. weight gain, acne, etc. I have not had any bleeding or spotting and I get a bloated feeling every now but nothing painful.
I was having a very hard time finding a pill that controlled my periods- I would be on a pill and get my period in the middle of my cycle or when I wasn 't supposed to- or it would start too early or too late after the sugar pills. My doc suggested higher hormones, and I have been on Reclipsen for almost 2 years. It regulated and shortened periods- no breasts or weight gain, mild acne improvement. But it took me a long time to realize how nasty some of the emotional side effects have been! It brought out the worst in me (hyper sensitive, on edge, almost &quot;bipolar&quot; at times) and for the past 6 months I 've also had extreme depression. So I am switching to Yaz which is supposed to help a lot with the emotional stuff due to lower estradiol.
This medicine is great for depression. I feel better and I do not get mood swings like I did prior to taking it.
I 've had lower back problems on and off since mid 20 's. When the discs get inflamed nothing has ever really helped - ibuprofen, hydrocodone, and many others. This is the first medicine that has noticeably helped the back pain and allowed me to exercise and strengthen my back without worrying it will give out again due to stiffening up.
I have panic disorder and Xanax has helped me greatly. The only problem that I have experienced is that I have become resistant to it. Rather than .25mg helping, I need to take 3 to calm down. My doctor only allows me 30 .25mg pills per month, so I 'm petrified that at some point, I am going to have an attack after I have run out of meds.
Have been on it for about 4 weeks and have certainly noticed a difference in my skin. The first couple of weeks were pretty uncomfortable, but getting a no-alcohol moisturiser certainly helped with the burning sensation. For the first week I looked like I had a bad sunburn, and my skin is still peeling a bit, but not nearly as badly. Side effects calm down and so does your acne! Just stick with it.
Great medication but put on 10kg in one month.  You have to seriously discipline yourself otherwise you will almost certainly put on weight.
I started Nuvigil 250 mg in the morning, two weeks ago after being diagnosed with narcolepsy. I went from sleeping all night and basically most of the day with extreme napping before the Nuvigil to no naps at all. I don 't even feel sleepy. That is a plus.  The first three days were a miracle! I was alert. Colors seemed brighter. I felt focused for the first time in years.  Slowly, I started having afternoon side effects of a dull headache. I feel &quot;car sick&quot; and jittery, and my skull feels actually numb to touch. I hope this subsides soon or I may try halving my dose of 250mg.
Started on Atripla but after 3 months the dizziness and nausea was too much to bear. Changed to trivada and reduced to 400 mg sustiva and the side effects disappeared. Only slight lightheaded which resolved during the day. Sustiva works but 600 mg is too much. 400 mg was found to work just as well and with less side effects. The only problem is having to take three pills at once as sustiva only comes in 200 mg tabs. Encore study shows reduced dosage works just as well.
I am now in my 10th week on Amnesteem &amp; my face is smoother than a baby 's bottom! I feel great. Super dry all over but it 's worth it!!!
I have been on Abilify for 2 weeks. I can now sleep better, I have had no side effects thus far. No weight gain noticed, hope I don 't either.
I have Sleep Apnoea and was on rotating shift for 17 years. My doctor prescribed Ambien, which worked well, if I had 7-8 hours to devote to sleep. I do not take it every night. I do wakeup midway most nights. I was having a difficulty getting back to sleep. My doctor then prescribed Sonata for the times when I have less than 7 hours to sleep. I found it was effective and very mild. I can take with as little as an hour of sleep time available, with minimal side effects.
I 'm over 300lbs I have only been taking this for 1 month and I 'm finally losing weight. It 's so strange. I 've been on metformin for about 6 months but it failed to lower my numbers. With this pill I 'm never hungry just thirsty. I have to force myself to eat at times. I didn 't notice the weight loss at first but everyone else did. Its coming off fast and I haven 't yet incorporated exercise or much of a change in diet. The only bad side affect I 've experienced is the frequent urination and dry mouth. I sometimes have bladder pain but only the times I don 't drink plenty of water. I 'm so excited to be finally losing weight!
It 's the best thing for me. It works few hours after taking the pill. I did not experience any of the side effects. It is a great way for someone who is really constipated to get relief fast.
I have tried the pill and DepoI didn 't mind the pill except I had to take it every day and it made my boobs grow which I hatedI HATED Depo because it made me depressed and fatJust got Skyla inserted yesterday, I like the idea of an IUD because I get to keep it for 3 years. The insertion process was not bad at all, honest to God. I didn 't even know my gyno put it in. However, 10 minutes later I fainted in the waiting room which I am told is a normal reaction. They had to keep me until I regained color and was coherent. The cramps yesterday were AWFUL. Today I feel great, minimal cramps and I am able to move around just fine. Can 't wait to continue Skyla for the next three years!
I am on my 7th day of treatment and have not experienced any of the side effects, except for the skin irritation where the AK 's are prevalent.
A friend gave me the pills he had left over. He said after a week he didn 't need them or cigs anymore. And I desperately wanted to stop. My son would tell me,&quot;Daddy I don 't want you to die&quot;. That struck me to the core,he 's only 6. It 's funny because I was the same age when I told my father the same thing, And he stopped. So I went to my Dr and got a prescription. These pills do work! After about the 3rd or 4th day, I noticed my cravings completely diminished. I was still smoking out of habit, but didn 't really want or need one. I went a whole week before I had a smoke, and I really hated myself. Like other poster 's here stated, they tasted horrible and I wouldn 'd have more than a few puffs. That made it worse..why am I smoking?
I started the birth control last summer in August and stopped it this April. For the first 6 months of taking the pill I had no problems at all, I felt normal except I did get acne which went away after about 1-3 months. It shortened my period to about 4-5 days instead of my normal week long and a half periods.   But after 6 months of taking the pill I would sometimes get my period early by about 8 days and then the next month it would be back to normal. Also I would get bad cramps and back aches which appeared after 6 months. This was bothersome to me, especially after the pill working great for about 6 months. The early periods, cramps, and backaches were doable but i decided to switch off it to loestrin 1.5/30.
i have been using depakote for over one year and it has helped me with my manic episodes, i have not had any since i started the medicine, it does not however do much in regards to racing thoughts and helping me stay positive.  hoping for a cure : )
I started to take Prozac several months back to get off Effexor. It really made that transition smooth. I take 20mg every other day. I find it helps with Anxiety but, not enough to wean off Klonopin.  I know I 'm normally over social and Prozac makes me anti-social. I don 't mind because I 'm only anti-social with people I don 't need to be associated with. I believe my ability to orgasm has improved from Effexor to Prozac. I tend to sleep more than I should, but it 's better than tossing and turning. My motivation is at an all time low right now, I don 't know if it 's the Prozac or work. I gained weight initially,  but it 's coming off slowly and evening out. I would recommend Prozac,  it 's not as feeling/responsibility numbing as others meds.
As far as birth control goes-great. It has prevented unwanted pregnancy for me and my boyfriend for a while now; however, ever since I started this birth control I 've been very emotional and very forgetful. It 's gotten to the point where I have to write down everything.
I started Emsam when hospitalized.  My doctor noticed the positive effects before I did.  She noticed I was thinking more clearly and more active.  After 2 weeks I began to notice my mental clarity.  After 1 month I cleaned my house in 1 day and began to shower, dress, apply make up and do my hair every day.  I did not have to think about what need to be done I JUST DID IT.  This was the first time in my life I can ever remember just being ME.  After 6 months I became allergic to the adhesive, I can no longer use Emsam.  What I wouldn 't give to once again KNOW WHO I AM.  But I am lost in depression and pain.  I would gladly live with the restriction of Emsam because I WOULD BE LIVING.
I just started using Avaine about a 2 weeks ago. I noticed that my breasts feel a bit heavier (which may be a good thing for a small girl like me) but I do notice that I am slightly aggravated at very minor things (Mood swings). Slight cramping here and there but nothing too bad. I also feel a bit bloated during the evening and my appetite has changed. However, this could ALL be in my head because no one else has noticed any physical changes. So I guess, so far so good.
I 've been on Sutent for 18 months, I had my primary tumour removed but have 7 metastities on my aorta, these have all reduced in size by approx. 70%. I have had very managable side effects and put this down to diet change: no sugar, low carb and minimal alcohol. I 'm 42 and I 'm leading a very active life thanks to Sutent. The only downfall is that I know it stops working after a time but until then I 'll cherish every moment with my family.
The first couple of weeks of Pristiq were rough. The usual side effects, nausea, dry mouth, drowsiness. In the second week a lot of rage erupted, and I had another post traumatic stress disorder flashback. But I persisted throughout all of this, and the rewards are finally here. It 's now the end of the third week, and I am feeling energetic, focused and optimistic. Creative ideas seem to flow easier, and I am out there in the world again, taking photos and hiking. This antidepressant is certainly working a lot better than Prozac did, and better than I remember Effexor being. Worth a shot.
Taking the liquid form Cherritussin helped my cough very much. It was a great sleep aid when sick, but should not be over used. Also I would add DO NOT TAKE THIS AND THEN DRINK COFFEE! I didn 't realize that the stimulant of caffeine mixed with it would bother me. Also check to see if pseudoephedrine is mixed in any way with your codeine as this is also a stimulant and worsens the situation.
I did very well on Abilify lost 114 pounds but I was allergic to it for a year had rashes and moods swings on it so they took me off it yesterday.
Like others that commented here, I experienced immediate results when I began use of Mirvaso. However, it worked so &quot;well&quot; that one of the physicians I work for asked if I was feeling OK as my skin was so devoid of color. Also like others here, within several weeks of beginning use, suddenly my nose and cheeks would be sunburn-red in the middle of the day. I tried using only a tiny bit, and this seems to have helped with that redness. The main reason I decided to keep going with it is that my pores seem much smaller with use, so I do believe the surface of my skin is less inflamed, even if there is some red kickback once in a while. I like the suggestion of mixing it with a bit of moisturizer...that may help even more.
I 've been on this medication for only 5 days and although most side effects normally aren 't experienced until about 2 weeks after starting a new medication, with me the effects are almost instant as my body reacts to pills differently then most people, with that said, the only side effect I 've had has been inability to orgasm what so ever I don 't have a need to fake anything with my wife so she knows but it 's just very annoying!!! Other then that, anxiety has been pretty good past few days, I generally avoid crowded areas but went to a couple and didn 't have any problems so it 's been good for me so far this week.
I 've had Implanon for 3 1/2 months and am very pleased with it. Since it was inserted, I&rsquo;ve experienced slight spotting, but have never had to use anything more than a panty liner. There have been a few negative side effects (heart burn, some headaches, and slight pain at the insertion sight), but the ease of not having to take a pill everyday far outweighs those slight annoyances. Originally, I was scared to try Implanon, because I had read a lot of negative reviews. In the end, I am happy I chose it and would definitely recommend it to others.
Prozac worked great for me for about 2 years and then it quit being effective. Apparently this experience is so common it 's even called &quot;Prozac poop-out.&quot; At age 41 I started taking 10 mg daily, then increased to 20. For the first week or two I felt slightly nauseated and had trouble getting an erection. Then those side-effects vanished, and I felt not only happier but more functional (at the time I was a university professor). I wrote 2 published novels during those two years. A wonderful side-effect is that I gained total ejaculatory control. Suddenly I was the lover I 'd always wanted to be! But after the Prozac honeymoon, I found myself feeling anxious and depressed again and the Prozac was just making me sleepy. So I quit. C 'est la vie.
One day out of the blue I started having vertigo and balance problems. I was prescribed meclizine for immediate symptoms and a diuretic. The meclizine works if at the very first, and I do mean the very symptoms of vertiginous episode I take a 25 mg tablet. It seems to short circuit the episode but doesn 't entirely get rid of it. It short circuits enough I can go about daily activities. I was glad to learn doctors don 't really know what causes it, exactly how to treat it, and how long it will last. I hope at some point it will go away but I 'm not that hopeful it will in the immediate future.We are planning some travel in the very near future. I will probably start meclizine 3 times a day to help ensure I can enjoy the trips.
It works on a panic attack like you wouldn 't believe and has saved me from all the ER visits throughout my life but I also suffer from deppresion. Xanax did straighten my life out. It is a miracle pill and I recommend it if you have anxiety or panic disorder. I have been on this drug for about 7 years. I 'm 30 years old now.
I suffer from chronic pain and have been on and off opioid therapy for much of my adult life. Because I suffer from chronic pelvic pain, constipation is extremely painful for me. Unfortunately natural and/or gentle laxatives were not strong enough for me, and strong laxatives were too hard on my system, so nothing was working for me until now. I have just started the treatments so I am just taking a little less than the 4 ml dose, twice a week.  So far, each time I have had my shot, I have had a %u2018normal%u2019 bowel movement within one hour. Overall if you are struggling with constipation as a result of pain medications, this very well could be the solution for you. It has been for me.
Been using it for 3 years now and love it until recently for convenience and very easy periods. But it killed my sex drive from the second month using it (unless the ring comes out for a few days) and I have had a few yeast infections and almost constant discharge. Just a little weight gain (5-10 lbs) but larger breasts. Now I am noticing my hair thinning and hair loss (scalp) that has been progressively worsening over the last 2 years and now 5 months (I 'm in my 20 's) and I hear it can all be related to hormone birth control (it 's also listed for the ring). The product is excellent but I may have to switch to a low-dose pill to see if these are side effects and if they wear off.
Please keep in mind when reading these reviews that every person is different and every experience with medication is unique. I have been on Nuvaring for a little over 1 year. I loved it for the convenience of not needing to remember to take a pill daily. However, I did notice the &quot;belly bloat&quot; about 6-7 months into taking it. I was almost concerned I was pregnant. I have always been lean, and I 'm in my mid 20s. My weight and size are fairly consistent. Now, I 'm at 12 months in (definitely not pregnant by the way) and I finally am noticing an overall weight gain in addition to my belly bloat. Total, about 10-15 lbs. I loved this method but my self confidence is suffering, so I am stopping (and hoping I see a change, as I am very active!).
Ok so I had very bad morining sickness with my other kids that 's was horrible. my sickness lasted all day even lost 15 pounds 
I have a degenerative disc disease  in my neck &amp; lower back. I have used ultram for a year. Usually 2 each 50mg. At bedtime . This med seems to work well for me so far.
Very good medication; no complications.
I have been taking this medicine for two days....I have had trouble falling asleep at night around 11:00PM each night...I am hoping tonight will be a different senerio.
I went to my PCP almost a week ago, and was diagnosed with upper respiratory infection. I was prescribed 24-hour Zyrtec (antihistamine), and Amoxicillan (antihistamine). Not good enough.  The Amoxicillan turned the phlegm from yellow-green to clear, but the Zydeco didn 't help with the massive mucus nor post nasal drip, cough or sneezing. So I added regular doses of Benadryl antihistamine, Guafenesin (expectorant) and  continued with the Benzonatate. This &quot;cocktail&quot; is working well with plenty of water and re-dosing every 5-6 hours. Makes me a tad bit drowsy, but I have suffered from insomnia and anxiety for years, so I enjoying the slight drowsiness.
The first time I took Zyban was around 2004. I was on it for a week and I was amazed how it stopped the urge to smoke BUT the side effects were awful. I experienced anxiety and what felt like deep lows.  I would wake up sobbing for no reason but at least I didn 't feel like a cigarette! I 'm in Australia and pretty sure that we take the same levels of 150mg twice a day
Hi I have had severe depression anxiety and intrusive thoughts for over a year I was put on 50mg sertralin and felt great then increased to 100mg within days felt awful so now back down to 50mg has anyone else had this experience?
I 've had this birth control for about two years now. The first year I had it it was perfect. It was like it wasn 't even there. I didn 't have periods for a year, I lost access weight, my metabolism sped up, and I had more energy than normal. Then, the December of that year I took an antibiotic for either a sinus infection or strep (I forget which one) and immediately things went downhill. A got a cyst in my ovaries and this was extremely painful. Then I had crazy nonstop painful periods that would go on for months. My obgyn prescribed me with estrogen and that didn 't help. I now have gained about twenty pounds and I have cellulite everywhere. I think I 'll be getting it out and going solo for awhile to resuscitate my hormones.
I have been on Reclipsen (Desogen) , the first birth control I 've been on. And I have to say I love it. I always have clear, soft skin, love my periods for being on time, I knew what hour it would come, and when it ends, it was perfect. So I have been on Reclipsen for 1 year and 6 months and I started realizing crazy mood swings during the placebo pills (the PMS week) and my mood would be irritable then happy, it was bipolar, I also realized a lot of hair loss (but then again I really have thick hair), I also realized shortness of breath super easily. I already talked to my doctor about switching. My doctor switched me to Seasonale, I 'm kind of nervous switching.
Started viberzi 75mg 2x daily for IBS-D since I don 't have a gallbladder. Was great for first 4 days and then diarrhea kicked in 1x daily. Early this morning had severe abdominal pain with sweating and weakness. Pain was so bad I thought I was having a heart attack and almost called 911. Made myself vomit and felt better after that. MD said if it happens again I will have to come off the Viberzi.
I 've been using it for 8 weeks now and my skin has cleared up tremendously. I still get a few cystic acne (my dermatologist says its normal as Accutane is working to push out all hidden blackheads under the skin) but no new whiteheads or blackheads. Skin is also much less oily. I take about 40mg a day.
I have systemic hyperhidrosis.  This is great for my underarms and works well but can really irritate my skin, especially if I have shaved in the last few days.  I wish I could use this for the rest of my hyperhidrosis because it works better than the systemic medications and no weird side effects, but obviously that just isn 't practical.
I was really nervous to take this but it wasn 't as bad as I had anticipated.  Def tastes better chilled; at room temperature it is very salty; chilled it tastes like overly sweet cough syrup with a bitter after-taste.  It helped me to suck on ice or a popsicle in between sips of the superprep.  It began working for me about 1/2 hour after the first dose and I didn 't stop going until a 1/2 hour before my procedure.  Tips to help: walking or even just standing helps you from feeling too bloated, stay very, very close to the bathroom as you don 't have much warning, use Desitin in between every BM, and have something to keep you distracted, like Netflix.  It 's uncomfortable and unpleasant, but not as much as a cancer diagnosis.
Severe withdraw pain for fire burns victim over 65 percent 3rd degree burns.R resulting in increase blood pressure and after several hours patient was able to sit up but not without extreme burning feeling as though the fire had just taken place.
I have used it on and off for years to help me sleep in the day (I work 3rd shift) and it is consistently helpful.
klonopin was fast-acting and highly-effective for my anxiety. Be aware though! Very bad experiences developed on the few occasions I couldn 't get a refill. The withdraw is immediate and the world literally stops. I could not think, eat or breathe properly. Eventually I began taking it just to avoid withdraw symptoms. I took it for ten years and got slowly weaned off of it.
Take the smallest dose possible!  I took 50 mg of this and spent an entire day on the couch feeling dizzy and tired and completely wiped out.  It was only until a family member commented on how my anxiety seemed to be better that I realized it was true. I asked my Dr for the smallest dose and 5 mg. It is enough to calm my anxiety and help me sleep without feeling uselessly tired.  
I recently started this medication after issues with my previous meds that lasted two and a hhalf years. Major improvements! I enjoy the clarity, the increase in motiviation (for finishing tasks and social experiences) and lack of  'fog ' that used to cloud my mind. I 'm a big guy, so I started on 80mg: which was way too strong. But after cutting the dose in half, I am actually looking and feeling better than I have for years; my therapist, psychiatrist, family and friends all notice an extremely postive difference and vocalize this almost every day :) Taking it with dinner, though, seems to cause my mental and physical energy to dissipate rapidly. I go to bed much earlier than I 'd like to, though.
Works very well at controlling breakouts. However, getting rid of them is another story. I have been using Epiduo for 3 months now.
So I have suffered from BV for a couple years now - without even knowing!! I have noticed over the last few years that my scent had gotten really strong, and I automatically thought it was normal, but I was very very self conscious of it!! I finally started googling it, and low and behold...BV showed up everywhere! For me, it was strictly scent, I had no other symptoms. I am married with 2 children, and only have sex with my husband. I finally went to the doctor, and within a day of 500mgx2 daily, I noticed a HUGE difference and it feels wonderful. However, I absolutely hate the side effects of this drug. Oh so tired the third day in (slept all afternoon), the nauseousness and metallic taste in my mouth is incredible,but I would take it again!!!!!
I think zoloft for me is great. The only downfall i have with it was headaches. They started right when I began taking zoloft daily. They were intense and hurt like hell. Lasted about 2 weeks. Then bam they were gone. I took it at night before bed. I thought they made me tired. Since I 've been on it , I 've lost about 20lbs. I don 't have the munchies at all &amp; honestly I have to tell myself to eat because it curbs my appetite. I don 't feel bloated like I did on Lexapro that 's why I switched. Zoloft really works for me and I 'm on a low dose. Headaches suck the first few weeks but what a difference from lexapro. Everyone 's different.
Used for Burning Mouth Syndrome works well, I have no side effects.
I have tried a few birth controls and so far I love Loestrin Fe 24. I didn 't gain much weight but from talking to one of my doctors I found any birth control will make you gain weight, any time you start messing with a girls hormones you will gain weight. I don 't have a period anymore my doctor said it was normal. I have friends on it who say they love it and they usually only get their period for about 2 days and no mood swings. I think the only thing I don 't like is if you try to lose weight while you are on it its very, very hard.
I am 19 years old and I have been using Aviane for two weeks now and right away I noticed increased libido but major mood swings. I gain and lose weight pretty quickly so I would have known by now if it causes weight gain, and it doesn 't. The only down-side for me is the mood swings, but I noticed that it 's manageable with a small cup of coffee; I feel better instantly. All in all, this is a pretty good pill. The reason I changed pills was because of decreased libido with Loestrin 24.
I really like Abilify. I take it combined with another medication (Lamictal) and my depression improves along with it my racing mind. I have also taken this medicine before for about a year.
I thouroughly enjoyed NR it was my first real birth control. I was on it for about 9 months. Around 5 months I started to feel like I had an STD when I got checked it was nothing. Around the same time I was experiencing sooooo much excess discharge and that 's when i decided to switch, but for the most part i loved it.
I have never been able to take cholesterol medicines until Trilipix.  It has done wonders for me and my liver enzymes are not bothered at all.
Works great for getting rid of a UTI or as a prophylaxis for UTIs. But, the accompanying nausea is hard to bear. I would have to take an anti-nausea pill at the same time, along with a little food, or I would not make it. Best time is to take before bed.
Have had 2 sinus surgeries in the past 5 years. This is the first sinus infection since my last surgery (2 months of sinus infection) and I just started Avelox yesterday. So far not much of a side effect, have some nausea (but that sure beats another surgery). Good luck all.
Lamictal helps my mood swings but sometimes it makes me stutter or feel like crying. Other than that I am satisfied with the treatment for Bipolar 1 disorder.
I have had panic disorder for years, thanks in large part to a serious medical condition that has since been addressed. Klonopin has helped tremendously even at a fairly low dose (1mg daily). I would add that this is not a drug to stop cold turkey; having tried, I can tell you that it worsens the anxiety and panic. I 'm also not thrilled that I still take it after so many years. But, it has greatly improved my quality of life and for that I am grateful.
I have suffered from chronic headaches/migraines all my life (over 40yrs). I have taken Lortab, Tylenol #3 and Percocet but all have not helped much and caused rebound headaches. Panlor SS is the 1st medication that has truly helped ease off the pain with not many side effects. Thanks for a great medication.
Was warned about benzo 's by my first psychiatrist but in all fairness I haven 't seen a (major) dosage increase. I first started with .25mg when I needed it. Mostly at night to .5mg again mostly at night. To then routinely taking .5mg in the morning and at night. Never straying to take it any more doses per day because of said addiction warnings. I have had some lapses in taking the prescribed amount for a couple days of which I paid for with loss of sleep but with any negatives I 've found for this drug the positives have outweighed the negatives significantly. The biggest negative for me is the controlled substance and the hoops one must go through in order to maintain a routine for the medication.
This stuff really did the job. It knocked me on my booty and I am used to taking medications that make you sleepy. This kept me sleeping all night long after about 3 weeks of falling asleep and not being able to stay asleep for more than an hour or two. My prescription is for 25 mg and I only took a half. Just to let you know, You may want to try it when you do not have to work the next day. I am not sure if I could have gotten up in time for work this morning if I had to. I do all medications like this slowly and I never start out at my prescribed dosage. I always start out a lot lower dosage and go up from there if I need to. I do feel a bit of anxiety today. Not sure if it 's the medication, or? I am wide AWAKE now. A bit strange.
I have ADHD and have been taking Adderall for 5 years now. I take 30mg in the morning and sometimes a 10mg in the afternoon. It helps me to focus in school and get better grades. I have gotten to the point where I will not even go to school without it.
Overall I like this pill but it makes me so emotional and moody. 
I used Mucinex D last year taking the recommended 1 pill every 12 hours and was fine, it helped so much with my horrible sinus infection.I 'm on day 3 of some nasty congestion and decided to take Mucinex D last night at 9 pm...DO NOT TAKE THIS IN THE AFTERNOON OR NIGHT IF YOU WANT TO SLEEP. I laid down at 10 pm because I felt like crap...I laid in bed until 2 am and finally fell asleep for a whole 3 hours. I do like this product, but I would just recommend taking it right away in the morning since it lasts 12 hours.
I suffer from chronic pain and have been on and off opioid therapy for much of my adult life. Because I suffer from chronic pelvic pain, constipation is extremely painful for me. Unfortunately natural and/or gentle laxatives were not strong enough for me, and strong laxatives were too hard on my system, so nothing was working for me until now. I have just started the treatments so I am just taking a little less than the 4 ml dose, twice a week.  So far, each time I have had my shot, I have had a %u2018normal%u2019 bowel movement within one hour. Overall if you are struggling with constipation as a result of pain medications, this very well could be the solution for you. It has been for me.
BEAUTIFUL skin, but I experienced a 10 lb. weight gain that would not come off with diet and exercise! Ugh! Especially in the stomach and thigh area. I stopped taking it 7 days ago...
I found out about 3 years ago that I had systemic lupus,and it hit me like a brick wall. Besides my joints and muscles hurting, my immune system attacked my blood vessels causing my blood pressure to be uncontrollably high. The Avinza helped bring the blood pressure down as a natural side effect, and has help to manage the pain in the rest of my body. I am currently taking 120 mgs slow release daily, but still have some pain. I would not have been able to function without the morphine. Aside from the pain in general, my blood pressure was never out of the &quot;stroke and heart attack&quot; zone with regular hypertension drugs. The worse side effects are nausea and constipation.
I 've had Implanon since September 2014. When I first got it, the week after I got my period and it lasted for 10 days. Then I didn 't get my next period until November. Sometimes when I have sex I get this bad sharp pain in my abdomen. This has never happened prior to the Implanon. My period skips two months at a time before it comes back again. When it comes back sometimes I have it and my cycle is regular or much longer than usual. I don 't know if it 's spotting or bleeding but I 'll get my period, be good for a week then it comes right back, then be gone for a week and come back again. Very very frustrating. I 'm hoping others can relate. Overall, I like it. I 'm not pregnant and I feel sure of the protection it 's providing.
Today I had Skyla inserted. Have been using regular birth control pills for years. Decided to try Skyla to curve my high blood pressure due to the hormones in the birth control pills. Was informed to take Misoprostol 24 hours before appointment to prepare the cervix (make the procedure easier). They said this procedure would hurt worse because I have not had any children. This procedure was surprisingly very painful for me. Would not suggest this form of birth control unless you absolutely needed this form of birth control, only because I found it very painful.
I have mild psoriasis on elbows; been using Tazorac and/or Metamosone.  Got a  'script for Vectical; the outcome has been quite good.  Still can see some slightly red spots (which helps daily re-treatment), but mostly the skin now appears normal.  I bought a second tube before my coupons expired (see below).The shock is the price: Without insurance, this would cost $600/tube.  Insurance co-pay was $65, and Vectical has a coupon that pays the co-pay, so it cost me $0.
I recently just got diagnosed about a month two weeks ago. My viral load was 38000 and CD count was 259 and I started treatment about three weeks ago and so far I haven 't had any negative side effects and am really hoping it stays like the same.
My experience with Lexapro has been a positive one.  I 've been on it after my social anxiety became intolerable and I 'd hit the lowest low of my life -- had a few anxiety attacks and was doing horrible at work.  I wasn 't able to keep anything straight, was disorganized, forgetful, anxious, irresponsible, irritable. I felt high anxiety in making simple decisions, writing, communicating, asserting myself, the list goes on. I started Lexapro and it took a solid 2 months for it to really start working effectively.  At that point, I became much more calm (much less anxiety), organized, together-with, and punctual (qualities I had never achieved before in my life!). I 've started to eat healthier, work out, work harder, and have joined some social clubs. Success!
Today I went in for my IUD Mirena insertion, and I have to say it was a bad experience for me. HOWEVER, here 's my situation, I have only had ever light and short periods. I have never experienced cramps or sharp pains during my period. During the procedure I had insane cramping right away and I felt like I was going to be sick from both ends at any minute. I had trouble waking and was in crippling pain for 5hrs, and am still in slight discomfort. But from what my mom and the doctors all said apparently that 's just what bad period cramps feel like. Ie if your use to bad periods this may be easier for you, but if not you may have a bad time like I did. I suggest bringing a friend with you in case.
This is the only bc that I have been able to tolerate since I had my first child over 10 years ago. I had no problems prior to pregnancy. I had a hard time after my 2nd child. No period, thyroiditis, mood swings, depression...yuck! I have evened out now. I did have headaches, nausea, breast tenderness and mood swings in the beginning. Currently on the 5th mo. I do suffer from insomnia but often wonder if Viorele is making it worse. I had many other symptoms that were way worse than starting on Viorele. It 's calmed me and fatigue is trying to leave. My bowels are effected during the yellow pills and first few days of a new pack. Meds effect everyone differently. I was about out of options, glad the side effects are diminishing.
I just started taken amitiza 24mg I read up on the side effects and I am having all the side effects at one time it 's been over 24 hours and I still got the side effects. I have seen a little bit of blood in my stools but I haven 't seen any today. I was put on amitiza because I am on 2 different depression mediations and one anxiety I am also on high blood pressure medicine and a sleeping pill. My HCP gave me samples of it for me to try I 'm not sure if its inter reacting from the other medications that I take on a daily basic everyday.
48 yo using for 1 month. Was falling asleep after dinner, agitated, and unable to focus at work with no perceived sexual problems.  Now I 'm staying awake after dinner, no agitation, and focus is back.  Erections are more rigid and quality of sex is much improved.  Wife is happy, so daddy is happy. Didn 't realize I was losing some &quot;game&quot; in the bedroom.  Thought it was normal for my age.  Stickiness is a bit of a problem on some days.  I am a professional and have to wear dress shirts.  I rub the gel in, wash hands, shave and then go over with my hands again and wash hands prior to putting on a shirt.  Some days are more sticky than others.  Called company and they have no plans to correct it.  Smell is not bad.  I like the results!
This is my third day now. I was unlucky to catch the flu the day I started the treatment so I am drained and tired. Side effects I had were migraine hitting my right side of the head all through my teeth, nausea, stomach pains, reflux at night, and waking up with panic attacks. Hope to survive the treatment. Glad to be on break, otherwise certainly unfit for work. No diarrhoea till now but I am energy less.
I have been on Monodox for a little under a month. I take it at night with my dinner and I use a topical medication before bed. My skin has definitely improved although not to the point where I feel like I don 't need makeup. Any large or cystic pimples are gone, and I haven 't gotten any since, but I do have some mild scarring left that hopefully will go away. I am still suffering from small under the skin white heads that are on my forehead and right cheek, although they have lessened in the number of them there are still plenty left.
My pain left but the medication left me quite nauseous.
I have had fibromyalgia for about 8 years also develop osteoarthritis in my feet hands neck and back. Just weaning myself out of Prednisone and my pains are returning. Have decided today I will stay on prednisone and keep the dose at ten mg. Quality of life is more important to me. Just to be able to move without stiffness is a relief! I am careful what I eat, very low sugar intake and moderate exercise has helped keep my body weight normal. (Besides other inflammatory drugs are known to contribute to heart attacks). I know someone who have been on cortisone for many years and she is not overweight and has not got osteoporosis. she manages her doses her self carefully she is now 80 years old. if she can do it I can do it too
After years of struggling with sleep disorders I went through 2 sleep studies, a battery of tests including echo and bloodwork.  Once they find out from sleep studies I have mild obstructive sleep apnea, nocturnal eating disorder, REM resistant sleep disorder, and upper airway resistant syndrome they put me on a CPAP machine and after much pushing I finally got approved for Nuvigil because I am still tired even with CPAP.  My fatigue not only comes from sleep disorders but I also have Type 2 diabetes, Vitamin D3 Deficiency, and Depression fatigue.  Any who I started on Nuvigil like 2 days ago at 150 mg and at first it was perfect but very quickly I 've become desensitized to the either the med or dose 150 wears off after 6hours.
The medicine knocked my fever from 103 to 100 in just a few hours and the intense achiness went away as well. The side effects were very minimal.  I don 't see why some people are complaining about it.
Was on 120mg for 2.5 years after trying most of the antidepressants on the market. It worked the longest and the best on my Treatment Resistant Depression (TRD) out of all the other SSRI 's I 've been on over the last 10 years. Unfortunately, its effectiveness began to drop out and my depression came back so I had to switch to something else. If you have been taking this medication for an extended period of time and need to stop taking it, please wean slowly and do so only with the help of your doctor. Many people, including myself suffered for weeks from terrible withdrawal - symptoms included vomiting, dizziness, head spins, extreme fatigue and a worsening of depression symptoms. 
Took first part of prep with cold water at 2pm. Worst thing I have ever tasted! It 's a salty grape chemical taste (if u have ever accidentally gotten perfume in your mouth it 's like that with a salty grape flavor).  Worse than that was the intense chills and shivering I had for over an hour!  That being said it started working in less than an hour, no cramping or pain.  I dread taking the next dose because of the taste.
I have dermatomyositis.  Plaquenil along with quinicrine treated my hand lesions which were very painful.  This took about a year to accomplish.  It 's been about a year and a half now and I 'm starting to react to one or both of the medications.  I have a rash all over my body and ulcers and lichen planus in my mouth.  I 'm seeing my doctor shortly to see about this.
I 've only been taking gabapentin (300 mg x 3 per day) and tramadol (50 mg x 4 per day) for one week.  I don 't know which is working or if they are properly working in conjunction with each other, but I have felt some relief so far for pain (a vascular necrosis, osteoarthritis of the hips -- and lumbar L11).  I, too, have noticed positive side effects, such as sleep aid, less anxiety, hope for the future.  I was able to walk a few blocks to the store while only needing to stop a few times.  
I 've been using this product for about a week now and it 's amazing. I cover my forehead and chin with a little of it before I go to bed and it seems to be working pretty well so far. I had about 5-8 pimples before I started using it, and now I have none! I recommend this product. I also use a coat of Differin before I put this on. It 's made to reduce inflammation and the swelling of pimples.
I take Celebrex when I 'm really in pain with my arthritis, works very well. Scared of the side effects of irregular heart beat as I have a heart murmur. I have had none so far. Really good medication if you 're in pain.
Very good medication for first couple months and then effectiveness reduced and I had to add back in Norco for break through pain because it did not last more than 3 or 4 hours and the max I could take was 4/day.  (100 mg) I did well as far as not feeling tired, it seemed to give me a zip of energy but when it wore off in the 3 or 4 hour, the anxiety was terrible.  I have trouble sleeping and for some reason Nucynta did not seem to aggravate this like Tramadol did. 
I used the Nuvaring for 3 months before (it was just a sample supply) and I loved it. I was not on insurance at the time and couldn 't afford to continue to use it. I have been on the Nuvaring again for about 3 months. I mostly love it. I have gained about 6lbs (from 110 to 116) in that three months. I also gained a cup size and my breasts are CONSTANTLY sore/tender. I also have been experiencing hard/cystic like breakouts mainly on my jaw line but also a few times on my cheeks. They are incredibly painful and don 't pop well and just turn into big sores that itch and hurt. I wish that part would go away, because aside from that I LOVE my Nuvaring.
I had a real bad cough. Coughing so bad had a raw throat and pain in stomach. The pills the doctor prescribed for me was 100mg. l honesty felt better after taking the 3rd pill. So maybe it don 't work for everyone but it sure is working for me. So  give it a chance and don 't expect it to work well if you are a heavy smoker.
Have been on it for a month, age 26. Also use Retin-A and Acyanya. Works very well. Very happy with results. No side effects.
My experience on the pill is going okay I 'm on my 3rd pack no bleeding, just spotted for a hour I get cramps when it 's time for my period to come I notice I became more emotional lately I fee like crying a lot, when someone tells me something I get really sensitive, my boobs get sore and they have gone up in  cup size, I get acne  when it 's time for my period but that 's it, my hunger has been the same, when it 's that time I crave fried foods. I like the pill just wish I wasn 't so emotional,  my sex drive it 's awesome. Hopefully I will get my a irregular period.
I have just begun Trileptal as a treatment for Bipolar I. I was previously on Seroquel 150 and was unable to function at all within 45 minutes of taking it. I experience rapid cycling and more manic episodes than depressive ones and so the Seroquel helped me sleep. However, I noticed weight gain almost immediately and immense hunger-almost ravenous. When it would wear off I was extremely hostile and agitated. The side effects seemed to outweigh the benefits. So far Trileptal has left me with no side effects except for a slight headache and I have smoothly transitioned out of my manic episode. I feel like I may need a sleep aid however- still experiencing a bit of insomnia.  I can only hope the success continues!
Have only been using Pristiq for two days but it seems more effective with my depression and anxiety issues.
I 'm 26, child-less, and cursed with painful, heavy periods. After trying pill after pill, I spent 4 years without birth control. Decided to try Skyla after an OB GYN and friend recommended it.  Not going to lie--- worst pain I 've ever felt having this thing put in! The 6 weeks following I bled almost everyday and had little random lightning-storms of bad cramps. After 3-4 months, my period are lighter and my PMS symptoms have improved. I still have bad cramps for a few days each month, but I 'm finally glad I got this IUD. Husband doesn 't feel it, and it 's nice not having to use condoms. On top of that, I think my appetite has decreased - not sure if it 's related. In a nutshell, I recommend it. Just expect an adjustment period of time
Good experience, it has worked well for my son for about 2 months now.. For some that say they can no longer afford because of insurance. Some places sell generic for under 10$ a month
It works really well for panic and anxiety although it seems like if I take enough of it to get rid of the panic feeling, then I feel depressed. I think benzodiazepines do a better job, but it 's nice to have a non-addictive alternative.
Zoloft got rid of my anxiety (I have general anxiety) at 50 mg. At 75 Mg, my tics started improving greatly (lessening). Unfortunately though, Zoloft made me more depressed, in an apathetic way. I suspect it 's the decrease in dopamine due to raising my serotonin. Dr is adding Wellbutrin. Maybe I 'll get my sex drive back too (which Zoloft also squashed). Overall, for Anxiety, it works very well for me.
I have been taking gabatin for relief of fibromyalgia for two and a half years. At first the medication worked tremendously well. However in the beginning it relieved my migraines but now my migraines are back so badly and are so much worse than ever before. I also have horrible vision now cannot sleep and my depression is severe. I go back to my neurologist on May the 11th and I am going to insist that he changed my medication and get me off this gabapentin as it is not effective anymore. I believe from experience long term use is not a great idea!
I 've been taking Generess Fe for a few months now and I haven 't had any side effects! It 's been working pretty good because my periods are lighter than before and last about 3 days. The only thing I 've noticed is that I have cramps now before my period which I didn 't have before. After hearing all these scary comments about Generess I was scared to even give it a try, but I 'm glad I did because it 's been working! Also, If you don 't have insurance this medicine is pretty expensive so I 'd check into that if not.
Improved breathing 50% the frist time I used it.
I used this to treat bronchitis and whooping cough! I felt much better after just taking it for a couple of days. After the 7th day on it I have EXTREME vaginal itching.
This medicine helps! I would say it knocks the pain down of a migraine from a 10 to a 3 very quickly. Not sure what I would do without it.
I see many comments about the cost. Google Myrbetric copay assistance and you can get the first script free (By The Way a 90 day works for the first script free) after that it will cover up to the first $50. You simply fill out the form and print the card then bring to your pharmacy. Unfortunately you can 't use with government insurance.
This contraceptive was very effective I 've had it since April 2014. I am getting it taken out a few months early due to the mood swings. I 've always had them but now its getting to a point where everyone is a enemy and I 'm always angry. Sometimes I feel like I shouldn 't exist in this life. Overall, I  did not get pregnant, but I will not take a chance on taking this if you want to have depression and anxiety like I do. So ready to be back to my normal self. The weight gain is ridiculous gained about 20 pounds. Period comes on about every 3 months when it does its heavy for a long period of time.
I suffer from complicated grief and PTSD, I lost my only child to severe mental illness almost six years ago. My anxiety is through the roof right now.  Psychiatrist prescribed Ativan but it does nothing really (.5 MG) compared to Alprazolam (generic for Xanax).  Even splitting a .5 MG pill helps me to stop frantic behaviors.  But this stuff is addictive, you have to be careful never to go over prescribed daily dose and I don 't know how difficult it will be to stop this medication, if I ever decide to do that.
As most of these other people who have posted stated, it 's no secret how bad this medicine tastes. Although I can attest to a few of the symptoms after taking it, they haven 't been so severe that they affected my appetite or sleep pattern. I 've come very close to wanting to throw up because of gagging on the pills. I 've taken them most effectively without the nasty taste by saturating them in oil (vegetable, olive, etc.). They go down effortless and with no taste. I don 't have time for all of the other disguises for this medicine! Lol I think many of you will maybe want to thank me later after this suggestion.  Good luck!
Not too bad. Definitely not as bad as these reviews. It burned and itches like crazy for about 30 minutes but cooled down after, enough for me to sleep. I 'm doing the 3 day and I 'm going to stick with it. Don 't let all the bad reviews scare you. After the first 30minutes it 's a mild annoyance, but definitely bearable.
My 3-yr old had severe, rare behavioral side effects to all the other asthma controller meds; they changed him from a shy, sweet boy into an angry and aggressive one. With Alvesco he is a LOT more himself and only slightly angrier and energetic. I recommend trying this medicine to see if it works better for you, too. It has kept our child out of the hospital and we are thankful for that.
I took this pill in September 2004 and lost 40 pounds by January of 2005. I kept taking the pills for 2 years. As soon as I stopped taking the pills for good I gained 20 pounds (by the end of September). Year later I gained 40 more (that is 60 pounds). By January 2012 I gained 88 pounds. This is because I didn 't really change my eating habits while I was on the medicine. I went back on it end of March and now as of this day lost 20 pounds. I know now what happened was I didn 't change my eating habits/exercise, and that I only should use it for a small period of time. So please learn from me, and make sure to do it slow and steady.
The only side effect I had from this medication was diarrhea and frankly I will take that over having to urinate every 10 mins.! It took 3 days to get relief and I may ask for another round just to make sure it 's gone since I am going on vacation soon. I realize I had a really bad infection and maybe that 's why it didn 't work right away. I did not get a yeast infection yet which shocks me because I am diabetic and get everything like that.
I have taken almost everything for depression and Remeron has helped the most. The first dose of 15mg knocked me out from 10pm to 4pm the next day. After 2 weeks, my depression was GONE. I have to take Celexa with it or I feel extremely anxious. Taken together, I feel...dare I say it...normal. The only negative is weight gain. I 've always been skinny and unable to gain weight and have never gained weight on any other med. I 've gained about 20 lbs on Remeron without even eating more and have been unable to lose weight on a low carb diet. Low carb seems to help me not gain more weight. Start a low carb diet as soon as you start Remeron to minimize weight gain!
So far this has been effective when used with Methotrexate. No side effects, minimal skin outbreaks. Only somewhat effective for pain but overall, very good.
I have had chronic pain and tried many medicines including narcotics to help.  Celebrex has helped me so much.  I am able to do so many things that I couldn 't before.  My doctor has me taking it with Tylenol w/Codeine #3 and Carisoprodol.
I was on Sprintec for 4 months and it was absolutely horrible. I 've been on Generess for 2 months and the changes have been dramatic. Periods are far lighter and shorter and so far, very regular. The extreme opposite was true before. It did freak me out slightly at having such short periods. I do still have some cramping the week before, but even than is better than before. I 'm hoping that this pill continues to be a good experience.
I was prescribed Zoloft 10 years ago when I went through a very stressful experience and started having panic attacks &amp; depression  I found Zoloft to be fantastic; a true  'happy pill '!  Within a month, life felt like living again, my panic attacks ceased, I was far better able to cope with my circumstances at the time, and I was able to stop taking it a few months later.  I took it again a year later on the advice of a doctor, who suggested it for my chronic irritable bowel syndrome; unfortunately it did not work for this condition.  However, I mistakenly stopped taking Zoloft suddenly instead of gradually reducing the dose, and began having severe hypnic jerks at night , which are a known side effect.
This medicine works great!  
I have been on Suboxone since January 14, 2013. I started on 16 mgs a day and now am down to 6 mgs a day. These strips have saved me life and the lives of a few of my friends. The only side effect I have on these is that I can 't sleep if I take it too late in the morning. My insurance covers the cost except for a 25$ copay. 25$ is nothing compared to what I was spending a month.  I have no cravings or pain and this allows me to live my life to the fullest and enjoy my beautiful children. This is a great way to come out of pain pill addiction and start your life over.
Worked great on a muscle strain! Even helped to heal it faster. Nice mild smell. I gave it a 8/10 and not a 10/10 because it gave me side effects. Ringing in ears quite frequently as well as a very strong dizzy feeling. This began after a week of use.
I had been on the pill for many years. When my doctor changed my RX to chateal, it was as effective. It really did help me by completely clearing my acne, this takes about 6 months though. I did not gain extra weight, or develop any emotional health issues. I stopped taking it bc I started using a more natural method of birth control, but started to take it bc I hate that my acne came back at age 28. I really hope symptoms like depression, or weight gain do not begin to affect me as I am older now. I 'm also naturally moody, so this may worsen things. I was in a negative mental rut today. Also I hope this doesn 't push me over the edge, as I believe I am depressed. Hopefully it 'll be just like when I was younger.
I 've had HSV-1 (Cold Sores) for the past 10 years with a flare-up, in what seems, every 3-4 years so daily prevention was never a big deal to me.  At first I 'd just hit it with some Abreva and toss a bandaid to cover the unsightliness and in a about 3 weeks, it would go away.  My last flare-up, I went to the medic who got me some Acyclovir.  Honestly, taking acyclovir did seem to shorten the duration but my sores still lasted 2 weeks.This recent flare-up my doc prescribed me 1 gram of Valtrex, &amp; the blisters appear to be healing after day 3, not week 3.  Awesome stuff.
I had surgery a little over a year ago because I had a 6cm cyst on my ovary. Two months later, more cysts started to develop so I went on Lo Loestrin to stop the pain and help my periods. (They were extremely heavy with bad cramping, had to change my super plus tampon every hour) Now, after being on it for 6 months, I 've only had spotting as my period. At first, no side effects but now I 'm noticing a little weight gain, nothing traumatic. I definitely love this pill and recommend it to everyone!
I use this instead of Xanax. It works and has no hangover effect.  My concern, however, is that a thrombophlebitis might have been the result of more that a month 's moderate usage.  I did go to the hospital where lab work was done and a wet-scan ultra-sound was done, with no evidence of clotting.  I will continue to use it because it 's more effective than any other product.  
Micardis has stabilized my blood pressure. I can 't take the Micardis with HCT because I have had problems with my kidneys. I do feel less patient and irritable to my wife and kids.
I take this medication with food per the instructions I was given, yet I do experience a very very severe headache with this medication that does not get better with pain medication such as Tylenol or Ibuprofen. I even tried my Sumatriptan that I normally use for migraines hoping it would help but it very sadly did nothing for my headache. The severe headache is the only symptom that is really a big issue for me and otherwise I find this medication very effective. I just wish there was something I could do about the head pain, as it is very difficult to get through the day with a throbbing migraine-like headache that cannot be treated with any type of pain medication.
I 've just started the starter pack of Rexulti I am on day 3. It is replacing Ability in my meds.  I feel a lift in the depression, however I am experiencing some agitation and anxiety.  I 'm hoping this improves.  It is affecting  my dreaming...they aren 't nightmares, just very vivid and strange.  I am hopeful for this medicine if we can just get the agitation to cease.
I loved Gianvi. I took it for about 5 years, and noticed minimal side effects. I feel like birth control pills really help stabilize people who have hormonal mood problems to begin with; but if they are fine to begin with, they throw it off balance and cause side effects. I was not fine to begin with. Very irregular, heavy, painful periods, hormonal acne, and PMDD. Gianvi stabilized me. One thing I did notice was my hair growth pretty much stopped for some reason, which was weird. But that was the only side effect. Cleared my skin.
Before I got on this pill I was experiencing extreme extreme cramps to the point where I could not sleep through the night without waking up two times each hour from the pain. I started this pill and have been on it for about a month now and have not got cramps at all! All of my cramps have disappeared! I 'm so happy for that. However, spotting did happen all through the first month until I got my normal period. Although my period has been way lighter! So far so good, we 'll see how it plays out though.
Second day taking it so I am not completely sure what to expect. The nausea is intense after taking it, although I expected that to happen with a heavier antibiotic. Trying it with an apple tonight.
My 14 year old daughter suffered from pulmonary embolism after a long haul flight. After long discussions with doctors, it was agreed she would be on Xarelto. She has the height and weight of an adult so it made sense for her to be on Rivaroxaban. Various tests are being carried out as she is too young to have blood clots so there may be an underlying problem. Initially she experienced headaches, had a nose bleed and bleeding gums, blurred vision, fatigue, dizziness and some bruises but some of these symptoms have subsided. She still suffers from fatigue, some bruising but all under control. She takes 20mg daily and will be taking the medicine for a period of 6 months, at least. It will all be dependant on her test results!
I have asthma and usually twice a year I have to take prednisone. About two years ago I was in the E.R and they gave me a 10mg shot of Decadron. Well both arms went numb. Now every time I take a steroid either shot or by mouth my left arm will go numb. I am going to my allergist tomorrow and do a drug challenge for prednisone. Wish me well! I will let you know what happens.
I started Saxenda 2 weeks ago had  only 1 day of side effects. I can say I  like the results and have lost 10lbs in 2 weeks.
Somehow I managed to pinch a nerve in my right neck/shoulder area and it has been causing shooting pains from the shoulder to the thumb, numbing of the thumb, and occasional spasms in the shoulder area.  The Robaxin has helped in a dramatic way, not 100% but definitely 75-80% better.
I moved from quetiapine to lamictal about six weeks ago. I have stopped itching as badly now, and feel quite good. Currently taking 200mgs. I am having trouble sleeping,  Here in England Dr doesn 't prescribe  sleeping pills. I 'm very tired in the morning as a result and early evening, then come alive! I feel things better, my anger and irritation has subsided. I have lost a stone in weight in last 8 weeks.. this has helped, so feel more positive. I wish I could relax though.
I was on Citalopram and it caused my anxiety to get worse.. My doctor put me on this &quot;as needed&quot; and it has worked wonders! I take it with my Lamotrigine (Lamictol).
I initially started on 5 mg and after 2 weeks my doctor put me on 10 mg. I feel fantastic. My mind doesn 't race anymore and I 'm finally sleeping all night long. Short lived groggy feeling in morning, I make myself get up and move, that seems to work the best. The suicidal thoughts are gone and I just feel really good. No weight gain yet but I do exercise 3-4 times a week. Only noticeable side affect is i seem to be thirstier and dry mouth. For my Zyprexa has been amazing!
I have been on Lexapro for about 3 weeks now. I 've been suffering from bad depression and anxiety pretty much all of my life, and I 've tried almost all of the other SSRI and SNRIs. I discontinued all of the others due to horrible sexual side effects or bad sweating and night sweats. I have been really pleased with Lexapro so far; I haven 't been sweating at night, which is a real blessing because I had that effect with pretty much all of the other SSRIs. I have noticed a reduction in my libido, but it doesn 't seem to affect my ability to have and enjoy sexual activity. It doesn 't seem as strong as the others in terms of lifting my depression or anxiety, but I might just need to give it a little more time.
Seems to be working pretty well, but it 's hard to keep in place for 12 hours on my back while still trying to go about some normal activity.  Probably needs more adhesive.
I went to the dermatologist last week and already I have been seeing AMAZING results! My acne before wasn 't awful, but I wanted it to be completely gone. So my doctor prescribed me Doryx and CeraVe face lotion. So far I haven 't had any breakouts and my pore size has shrunk. Also, I haven 't had any stomach pains. Good Luck!
I 've used many colonoscopy prep regimens and this is one of the best. My #1 choice is Pico Salax, which tastes good (like Tang), but is not available in the US. After that I 'd prefer pills but those have never been an option for me. Suprep ranks next.I have chronic severe constipation so I took an enema and Correctol in the days leading up to it. I am infamous for not being able to keep colon prep solutions down. I am a BIG baby when it comes to drinking colonoscopy preps. I chilled the solution and dulled my tongue with ice first--the whole tongue--sides, back, tip, etc. Then I drank it and IMMEDIATELY swished my mouth out with straight lemon juice (like you would with tequila!). Then Listerine. It stopped me from gagging.
After using Mirapex for approximately a year, it slowly became less effective. Although I had been without any symptoms of RLS, I now began to experience increasing episodes of RLS. With the help of my doctor, I have used different combinations of medicines (including Mirapex) until we found the right one. It seems prolonged use of some medicines can make them less effective. Sometimes changing the regimen with professional help can keep RLS at bay.
I have been on Wellbutrin SR 100 mg 2x/day for 5 months and it has helped me a lot. I have panic disorder, agoraphobia, and major depression. It has drastically improved my ability to go out and do things. My thoughts don 't get stuck on anything that could potentially make me anxious (for the most part). I also take Zoloft 100 mg until a month ago 75 mg and a couple of days ago down to 50 mg. I can tell the Wellbutrin and Zoloft decrease is adjusting. I was reluctant to take it because of the panic but it has actually helped with that. I 'm not fully recovered however, as I still fear driving alone and being too far from a support person. I would generally recommend it, although it is a bit expensive without insurance.
Been on Topamax for 3 months I have recently gone up on the dose to 75 mg at bedtime. I 've been all right dealing with the tingling. I have quit smoking and drinking which is great. I started working out alot since I 've been so anxious. Possible side effect?  The worst for me is the sleep issues and the mood swings. Since the dose went up I am having terrible night sweats and am waking up all night long. I 'm exhausted all day with little to no motivation. My mood swings quickly and dramatically from happy to annoyed. Just trying to wait it out. I 'm still having headaches everyday. Just not migraines.
I suffer from extreme anxiety and severe depression. I have been on Cymbalta for a couple years and it makes me so tired. I couldn 't take it anymore. I slept all day. I started Pristiq today around noon. I have noticed a boost in energy and can 't stop smiling. The only side effects so far is blurred vision, a little jittery, sweating a lot but I haven 't felt happier in years from one day!
Spinal fusion pain is often severe while usually moderate. My doctor prescribed 100 mcgs for the usual 72 hrs., but after about 6 weeks of use I entered into painful, often agonizing withdrawal symptoms during the night and had to replace my lost, misplaced patch. Pain relief is satisfactory, but I find the Transdermal system 's adhesion properties unreliable at best. Tegaderm adhesive film is essential for extra security while holding the patch to the skin. Unfortunately, my Fentanyl patches are vulnerable to moisture and prematurely weaken, even with the added film.
Day 2: Only side effect is headache but should go away. Lost 3 pounds, most likely water weight. Appetite decreased, but still want to eat. On Day one, had little appetite, and no desire to eat. Will have to count calories.  Will follow up in few days.
I have broken bone. This helps a lot with moderate pain and makes that go away completely in a short amount of time, but the more serious pain is always barely relieved. All in all, it helps a lot.
This explains my insomnia
I started Generess Fe October 30th, 2012. For the first 4-5 months I had irregular spotting, sometimes that went on for 6-7 days! I gained 14 pounds in 5 months with no diet change. The good thing about it is that since April I have not bled..at all. Not one drop. I no longer experience PMS or periods so that is really nice. I am thinking about coming off to see if I lose the weight I gained and if I do I want a different pill. I use this pill to prevent pregnancy, no other conditions.
I like it. For me it 's a trade off. I had very heavy cycles the first two months. After my body adjusted (about 4 months) I went from three days of light bleeding to literally having what felt like a 3 HOUR period every 28 days. Now I have no bleeding at all. This took a total of 7 months to even out. The cons for me: headaches, cystic acne, and weight gain. I INCREASED my exercise as advised by my doctor because of possible weight gain and gained 20 pounds. I still go through cramps and PMS and the constant headaches are a pain. The Pros for me, the gym, the gym, the gym, No more kids! No more tampons! I 'll keep it.
Started off 20 mg for the first two months not on 40 mg, still having break outs but acne has been less cystic. Side effects so far are dry lips, hair loss, dry scabby skin on top of hands, and some mild mood swings. I still work out 5 days a week and have not lost my energy. I rated the medication at an 8 cause it is working but not fully, I am just being patient but I can see results occurring. I used pure coconut oil on my face and I love it. I usually reapply twice a day because my skin soaks it up for being drier than usual and aquaphor for lips/hands.
I started this treatment with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. However, since my first treatment my fatigue has become debilitating, I don 't have enough energy to do any of the things I normally do, I had 4 treatments in May, then 4 more infusions in August. The fatigue lingers like a fog that will not lift.My sleep pattern has changed. I wakeup 3 to 5 hours after going to sleep feeling wide awake. I cannot stay in the bed though I am still sleepy.I have dreams that are so realistic that I participate in them, or act them out. My attention span is shot. I can 't concentrate on what I am trying to do and end up jumping from one thing to another.
I 've been on Zoloft for 10 yrs now for panic attacks, and I now have panic attacks 2x year instead of 2x day. I 've been pregnant on it, breastfed on it and no problems, my baby is heathly and I still feel great!
I have arthritis in feet, right knee, both hands, and right elbow. When both Vioxx and Bextra were taken off the market I had to turn to Vicodin to relieve pain, but was so afraid of addiction I did not take it very often. Then doctor tried me on Meloxicam. It 's much easier to function, does a great job on the swelling, and an adequate job on the pain for the most part. No side effects, and still not as good as Vioxx, but it 's better than over the counter, and better than an opiate.
I 'm 24 and just had Skyla inserted yesterday afternoon. This is my first birth control ever so I went in with absolutely no idea of what to expect pain-wise. I had been told I would feel some cramping during the procedure so I expected some pressure. It ended up being more painful than I thought. I would rate the pain a 7/10. I should add I was on the 4th day of my period. I didn 't take anything before but did take two Ibuprofel tablets as soon as I got home. It helped a lot but this morning at work (8am), I was miserable. I couldn 't even move. I ended up taking Ibuprofen again and it made work tolerable. Still cramping now (7pm). Hoping it gets better. *heating pads help*
Very helpful for this medicine for several uses. Good for anxiety. Long acting medicine allows for various dosing regimes. About as effective for the given individual as the next SSRI so don 't be afraid to try this.  Was good for me without side effects at the starting dose. Side effects did show up at a higher dose though. Overall a good medicine. 
I only had issues with acne and a few headaches. With the headache I would just take asprin and it went away. I would washed my face 3x a day and I still couldn 't keep the break outs under control. So I am switching back to my old pills after being on these for 90 days. I had no spotting, no mood swings or any other side effects. I am 31, eat healthy, work out 4 times a week and the pills were free to me per my insurance so that 's why I tried them. Hope this info helps you decide if this pill is right for you.  I would still use them but at 31 acne is not a good look for me.
It really helps me to get rid of my symptoms of ADHD, which I suffer from alot. Once I tried this drug I have been better since. I have been taking it for seven years.
Having severe chronic neck pain from an accident. Ms-Contin works great to help me live my day to day life easier.
I had mirena implanted on my follow-up appointment one week after undergoing a medical abortion (mifepristone). I have a high pain tolerance; compared to the effects of the pills the prior week, the insertion was mildly uncomfortable but by no means unbearable. I took a pain pill prior to the procedure. I had a bit of bleeding and cramping in the two days following. Everything seemed to even out for the next week, other than random cramps and spotting. It has now been three weeks post-insertion, and the bleeding is slightly heavier, particularly following a strong cardio workout or other activity. I 'm hoping that this will work out, as my previous bc (the mini-pill) was awful and I never want to experience the consequences again.
I suffer from complicated grief and PTSD, I lost my only child to severe mental illness almost six years ago. My anxiety is through the roof right now.  Psychiatrist prescribed Ativan but it does nothing really (.5 MG) compared to Alprazolam (generic for Xanax).  Even splitting a .5 MG pill helps me to stop frantic behaviors.  But this stuff is addictive, you have to be careful never to go over prescribed daily dose and I don 't know how difficult it will be to stop this medication, if I ever decide to do that.
Started Anoro 6 weeks ago. I was pleasantly surprised the first day. No rescue inhaler needed and walking 15 to 20 minutes was easy. Then I started having pain in my legs and thighs. It kept me awake at night. I also have sleep Apnea, so this is becoming an issue.  I believe I will need to start on a different medication for my COPD. Very disappointed.
I had my first colonoscopy yesterday and used the suprep.  Following other suggestions, I mixed with 7 up and cold water, and also refrigerated the two bottles before use.  To warn others who might be like me---it did NOT work within one or two, or even four hours for me.  I drank the first bottle and two cups of water around 6:30 pm (my procedure was at 9), and absolutely nothing happened until about 4:40 am, when it was time to drink bottle #2!  It worked great (and very swiftly at that point) and my procedure was successful, but just be warned it does not always work right after consuming the first dose, especially for those of us with (ahem) slower motility.
I was prescribed the 7-day, 3 times a day dose for BV. As to symptoms clearing/persisting, I wouldn 't know because I didn 't notice anything amiss to begin with (no noticeable smell or discharge). The GYN recommended Flagyl after my annual appointment possibly because I was developing BV.  I don 't know if it 's the medicine, but I developed the worst sore throat I 've had in years. Congestion interspersed with runny nose, sinus pressure, throat pain, sneezing, coughing, raw nose, the works. It feels like a mix between strep throat and a sinus infection. I feel like my head is in a vice.The only other thing that 's changed is darker urine than usual. I 'm on my last pill and I started getting sick on day 4 of antibiotics.
After 3 months of 2mg four times a day, with no change in glucose levels my doctor and I sat down for a talk.  When asked if there was a ceiling for the dosages he said we have plenty of room to adjust (there actually is no recorded max dose I could find in the literature).  The typical patient uses about 4 mg four times a day. I have found that I have had to increase as much as 16mg four times a day to see adequate glucose changes.  It 's ease of use and small size makes it easier to take than some, but I have yet to find it 's stable dosage for ME.
I take this for Bipolar disoder 2, with severe depressive episodes. Helps tremendously for my depression symptoms, as well as aiding in controlling mood swings along with a mood stabilizer. Helps with insomnia tremendously. Sometimes the daytime sedation can last a long time at higher doses, and you 'll probably get dry mouth, constipation, or blurry vision/dizziness, at least at first. This medication works great for a lot of people when other things fail, just be aware that the trade off is that some annoying side effects are fairly common. Myself, the benefits far outweigh the negatives.
I took this drug a few years ago when I was 18, I stopped having panic attacks but still felt anxious at times but i was still much more outgoing. I feel like it made me want to drink all the time, but i felt much better then i did without it. I remember waking up one morning and thinking this is what normal people without depression feel like. I stopped taking it after about a year because I felt like it was working and I didn 't have any withdraw symptoms except one day where I felt like I had the stomach flu for one day/ feeling severely depressed a few months after taking it. I have been on 37.5 mg for a month now and just started  75. gives me restless legs and a little insomnia, not much difference in depression but i feel less anxious
I used this in the hospital after I had spine surgery. I used it with morphine, and it seemed to help a lot.
I started taking Cialis to treat ED after prostate removal and find it to be helping me significantly, been using it for about 5 weeks, even though I have not had a good enough erection necessary for intercourse, it is getting there slowly. I did develop what appears to be related to Cialis (since it started when I started to take this medicine), I developed a small red patch on the tip of my tongue, I wonder if anyone has or had this issue. Thank you
Pros: clearer skin, no hair loss (happened to me on another pill) minimal bloating, no break through bleeding, no tiredness, no irritability, no breat tenderness and most importantly no pregnancyCons: headaches from time to time, slightly decreased sex drive and slightly increased food cravings
I 've been on this birth control for about a year now and it is definitely effective pregnancy prevention. I used to get light back cramps when I got my period before taking this and I 'd say they have increased in intensity but I only get them one day now. Other than that I have no complaints. My period has become more predictable (about Wednesday through Sunday) and I haven 't noticed any other side effects.
I have been on spiro for almost a year now. I was prescribed 50mg a day for issues like cystic hormonal acne and dandruff, all related to seborrheic dermatitis.In addition to the spiro, I also take Ethinyl Estradiol based birth control, a generic version of Ortho Tri Cyclen.Since taking the spiro, I haven 't had a single breakout! Not even like a tiny blemish. It 's clearly worked as intended. It has minimized scalp issues as well, although my face is still oily but I suspect that is connected to a moisturizer I have yet to find a replacement for.Notable side effect: definite, jiggly weight gain in hips, butt, and thighs that I never had b4! This is contrary to lots of reviews I 've seen for Spiro that say it has helped women lose weight
The only problem I have with this medication so far is how expensive it is.  So far the only side effects I have had are a light-headed feeling. Similar to a feeling of an antihistimine with psuedophedrine in the mix. I am already starting to feel better.
I 've been taking Pristiq (50 mg) for the past 8 or 9 weeks for depression. For the past 10 years, I 'd taken Effexor XR (450 mg) for depression and panic attacks. It completely kicked the panic.  I was also taking 450 mg of Wellbutrin SR with the Effexor and still take it along with the Pristiq. The first 4 days were awful since I had stopped the Effexor cold turkey, but after a couple of weeks, I began feeling better on the Pristiq. So far, Pristiq is working well for me, I have more energy, which is huge for me (I also have fibromyalgia and sleep disorders). 
Made me thirsty to the point of headaches at first, as well as insomnia at first, but then it evened out. It helped me concentrate and stay awake, and I felt generally happier and more active. 100 mgs made me ridiculously manic and upset, but 50 mg was perfect for me. I simply quit it when it stopped working.
Tramadol is about the most effective drug in the world for depression - for immediate, short term relief ONLY though. During the initial dosing period, 100mg twice a day utterly obliterates any negative thinking or depression symptoms. It delivers results immediately, vs the necessary patience of waiting a few days or weeks with traditional SSRI drugs.However, tolerance DOES build to tramadaol at a pace far more rapidly then with traditional anti-depressants. I had 2 months of solid relief from 100mg 2x daily, but by the third month this does barely made a difference and my mood continued to sink. Instead of upping my dose, I went back on Zoloft which delivers less immediate, but more consistent long term results for me.
I switched from Loestrin 24 Fe to Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo after being on the former for over a year and a half and still not having predictable periods.  Ortho has regulated my period, which was miraculous to me, especially since I also have a thyroid condition which makes it even more unpredictable, and I haven 't had any breakthrough bleeding/spotting. One thing I did notice on Ortho, however, is a new moodiness I 've never had before.  I found myself crying over silly things and swinging in and out of depressed states daily, which is very scary to me because I am usually the  'guy ' in my relationships without the emotional tendencies that most women have.  I just hope it lessens, though, because otherwise this birth control is great.
I have been taking 100mg once daily for 7 weeks.  I have OCD with a racing mind, slight panics and obsessive thoughts. I re-read emails I send over and over... Within  2 days of starting the drug I found my racing mind wake ups in the middle of the night had stopped, so I am more relaxed at night and not in fear of the hours spent with music and strange thought playing on a loop in my head.  My Doctor said that my night time relaxing was unusual because people often find themselves suffering insomnia.    After now getting used to the new found night calm I have discovered that I am actually still sort of suffering the issues but I am more relaxed about it, so I still wake and roll around but without the anxiety and high stress that I had.
I find Norco a great working pain releiver if taken before pain gets worse. No side effects for me.
This medicine has worked pretty good for me. After having constant health problems such as weight gain, bad acne, and not having a period but once a year for 3 years and being told that it was &quot;ok&quot;,  I finally went to the OB/Gyne for another opinion. Found out that I had PCOS, and was placed on Ortho-Cyclen. This medicine started to clear my acne after 3 weeks of taking it and I started losing weight while on it. I lost a total of 6 pounds the first month and 8 the second month. The only drawback was that my period lasted for an entire 31 days the first month, but was told beforehand that it could last that long because of the time I went without a period.
My partner had erectile problems. Started to lose confidence. Took 25 mg Cialis every other day. The difference was amazing. We couldn 't stop having sex. By The Way, he is 65 years old. We are very pleased with the results!
I have general anxiety disorder and I 'm prone to panic attacks. Being afraid of benzo and it 's addictiveness, I got this prescribed. So far it has worked great if I take 2 pills at once, and  the effect lasts for about 10 hours. I haven 't really felt the hangover part people talk about, nor have I experienced headaches. The only thing I really have to complain about is that the breathing can get almost too relaxed at times, so when I fall asleep I wake up with a shortness of breath, as if my lungs forgot to inhale. It 's no big deal though, happens maybe 3 times a night and it wakes me up. And I guess it would be nice to have a pill that takes away anxiety but doesn 't make you tired (I sleep like a baby after 30 minutes after taking atarax)
I 'm a 25 year old female and my doctor prescribed Celexa to help me manage my anxiety. I 've been on it just shy of 3 months. I started with 10 mg and increased to 20 mg after about 2 weeks. My initial side effects were dry mouth, decreased appetite, sleepiness and low libido. The first few nights I was on Celexa I also found myself suddenly waking up in the middle of the night in a panic. This also happened after my dose was increased. After almost 3 months on Celexa, all the side effects have disappeared, except my sex drive is completely non-existent. Overall I feel very relaxed and my anxiety symptoms have significantly decreased.
My son had his first seizure at 18 yrs old. He has a brain injury from birth and very mild cerebral palsy affecting his right side. Went to ER and was referred to neurologist. Did a CT scan, blood work, EEG all normal except the injury to brain which showed no changes in size or concern. Was told not to drive for three months CA law. Was put on Keppra 500mg morning and night total 1000mg. Has not had a seizure and we will be following up with the neurologist  in 2 days to have his driving privileges reinstated with DMV. Very hard for him not being able to drive and having someone else do it. Regarding side affects none. Has taken medicine every day. Neurologist did say we will re evaluate stopping the medicne in 2ys.
Doctor started me on 27 took that for 3 weeks for severe ADHD and it lost its effect so I was put up to 54 mg and amazing changes I get work done fast and I am motivated only problem is Crash is pretty awful for me, I get really sick to the stomach and drowsy. For the sick stomach I just use ginger but drowsyness can 't do anything
I 've never had acne until November of last year. Due to large amounts of stress, I broke out all over my forehead and chin. It caused me to get stressed out even more! I went to my doctor to tell her about all the symptoms I 've been having due to all this stress and she gave me Differin for the acne. I 've only been using it for about 2 weeks now and I 've definitely noticed a difference! The left side of my forehead is almost completely cleared up! I remember after only 3 night of using this that I woke up and noticed my acne had gotten worse (this is a good thing, I knew it meant that it was pushing the acne up to the surface to get out). I love this!
Everything started out well. A little cramping and spotting the first few days. But no cramping since.  I started my next cycle on time, but hasn 't stopped!!! It 's been 10 days and I 'm over it. Hoping my cycle will end soon. ;/
This medicine gave me the relief of symptoms of pain, urgency and frequency I needed quickly but I felt bad otherwise with overall fatigue and joint pain everywhere.  Seven Days of that was worth it to me to rid me of that infection.  But I worry if those side effects could worsen if I use it again in the future.
Works well, last for about 6-8 hours.
Just finishing 2 months on Egrifta. 1st month not remarkable but at the 6 week mark I 'm noticing a change. It seems as if the visceral fat has reduced and moving to sub-q fat. I 've maintained the same diet, medication and work out schedule. Just about 7 lbs weight loss but not sure it 's the egrifta. Will check in at the 3 month mark.
I had the mirena put in 3 years ago. The insertion was extremely painful (I haven 't had kids) and I had bad cramps for 2-3 days after. After getting over that first hump, I didn 't get my period again for 3 years which was awesome! However, it did cause me to develop cystic acne which I didn 't have before so consider this possibility before having it put in. If you aren 't acne-prone it 's an awesome form of bc!
Alert: Suboxone is incredibly effective at helping with opiate detox in the short term. However, it is very easy to become dependent on the Suboxone. Try and only use Suboxone for 4-6 days and deal with the remaining withdrawals. 
Hi my name 's Matt and I would like to share with you my experience of Klonopin 6 years ago I went through what I think was a dramatic life-changing event for me me and my wife work separating for good and everything started falling apart I started to lose weight get out of breath fast then one day I started to have bad thoughts thoughts to hurt myself others even my own family I spent many sleepless nights on the couch for two months I stayed there wanting to die waiting to die then finally one day I got up and went to see a psychiatrist I explained to him he put me on Klonopin after a few yrs I noticed I started having short term memory loss I am currently weaning myself off but it 's very hard anyone else experience this
This medicine gave me quick relief from the urinary tract infection, however I am vomiting and have diarrhea. The pharmacist label said to take on an empty stomach but when I called them, they said I can eat just no dairy.  Hopefully with something in my stomach the side effects will decrease.
Great for hot flashes; however, experience lower abdominal pain.
Me and my gf met on dec 29, 2015. I thought that I pulled out at right time but am not sure.  I got too worried and she took planB after 7 hours.  After two days there was heavy bleeding to her with some cramps.  Then she fell sick for one week with cold, fever, stomach ache, dizziness and head ache.  The symptoms are severe that I was too worried and thought of taking doctor appointment.  But after one and half week she became normal but suddenly breast tenderness started, there was enlargement in breasts and soreness troubled her a lot which lasted for two days. Finally, today she got her period which is four days earlier to her regular cycle. It worked :) The symptoms are common please don 't stress yourself a lot.
Positive
I took 600 MG of this medication for a mild to moderate knee sprain, and it made it tolerable to bear weight. It reduces inflammation, which is good for minor injuries. I would highly recommend this for short term use, as it 's over the counter and not sedating. It works pretty fast, too.
First - diagnosis is mild ADHD. 11 years old. 50mg. Our experience with my son and vyvanse. He was on this medication for approximately 9 months. For the first few weeks, he was sort of hyperfocused and had difficulty with transitioning from a task if he was fixated on it. He transitioned well to middle school and achieved great grades. However, he lost a lot of weight. About 15lbs. He had horrible insomnia. He slowly became very emotional and depressed in the afternoons and evenings. We decided to stop the medication. Within weeks he was back to himself and his doctor advised him to stay off the medication.
I 've been taking Prozac for about 4 years. I took 10mg, then 20mg as of last year. It worked very well for a very long time, and I felt great for years, but I 'm finally starting to feel a tolerance to it 's effect, and it might be time to switch medications, but it 's certainly been a good run. It helped me feel better, and lifted my depression.
This has been the only eye drop ever to be calming/soothing and effective almost immediately.  The only downside is that it has been expensive with insurance at $30 and then $40.  
After chronic pain for 5 years (bursitis and fibromyalgia), I think I 've found a medicine perfect for me. I take 50 mg three times a day; it has helped so much with the fibromyalgia fatigue/fog. I have more energy, feel less depressed, and actually wake up without horrible pain. In the past I have been on Oxycontin, MS-Contin, Hydrocodone, Fentanyl patches, and Dilaudid. Nucynta is helping more than all of the above and it 's much different than a typical narcotic.  I am pleased!
I am 56. I have partied a lot having grown up in LA and Hawaii. Lifestyle payback is high blood pressure. I ignored all drs advice because I was going to the gym everyday and surfing and trail running. But I started a new job and have Kaiser. The nurse took my blood pressure. Her eyes betrayed her calm...she took me aside and asked if I drank. Yes, a lot of red wine. She didn 't even want me to go to lobby and wait and asked if I wanted to wait in doc 's office. I guess my blood pressure freaked her out, like 180/100. Anyway he talked into 12.5 lisinopril/hydrochlorothiazide and said take 1/2 tab a day. Unreal! In one day my blood pressure, I take it at home, was in the 117/75 range. Immediate gratification.
I took 850 amox. clavulane for 14 days twice a day. No side effects whatsoever, infection start fade away immediately, very slowly I 'm feeling better each day, until I get to certain point where I 'm not totally cured but almost, from that point to the end of the treatment there 's no improvement . When  I stop the medication infection very rapidly come back again .... this is my second treatment. I don 't know what else I can do
I 'm not going into all the details about what is wrong with me but my pain is bad enough that I take morphine sulfate 100mg  three times a day, nucynta 100mg twice a day &amp; soma 350mg 2XDay. Well what I 'm wondering is has anybody ever had some hearing loss? I 've also experience Moodiness, twitchy movements (occasionally) wondering if these are drug related problems?
Kytril works well to stop vomiting; however my experience is that I still  'feel ' like vomiting all the time while on it.  It also causes me terrible constipation; so I try not to take a lot of it.  Overall I think it is a good medication for what it is supposed to do, but not perfect.  Nothing really is I guess.
Have been on a lot of different antidepressants for anxiety. Most meds made my condition worse (making me more hyper) or made me  'not care ' (eg citalopram). Although it 's been hard getting used to Effexor - it made me very sick for the first few weeks and affected my sleep - I now feel more in control now than I 've ever been before.
I been taking a combination of Exforge 10 mg/320 mg and a prescription diuretic for about 7 months and it works great together with very little side effects.
Taken as prescribed this with other prescription &amp; over the counter meds  allow me to function as well as I 'll ever be able to. All pain is not removed but is lowered to point that I 'm able to buck up do most of what is necessary.   I have been on some type prescribed opioid almost 20 years , liver function is checked regularly, as well as for any other signs of abuse, and there has been no problems.    I take for pain from 4 low back surgeries, that resulted in rsd,    'failed back surgery syndrome '.  Taken as meant to be there should only be a lowering of pain, I 've never experienced a  'high ' from taking my pain meds.
I have been taking sertraline for many years.  It was prescribed to relieve my levels of anxiety.  Considerably, it helped, however due to the fact that I have been taking for so many years, my dr decided to increase the dosage to 200mg and presently he prescribed oxcarbazepine 150mg.   Although sertraline helps me to control my anxiety, an additional increment was needed.  While I don 't take sertraline can feel the side effects such as dizziness and nausea.  It is a good psychotropic medication, however after a while it seems that mg has to be increased.  Hoping this would help me to decrease my anxiety and moderate depression.
I 've long used BuSpar, and it is an odd duck. Alone, it did little, but in combination with other meds it 's amazing. Particularly SSRIs. It seems to amplify other meds, from painkillers to Prozac. It 's not something I 'm afraid to take, the boost is subtle but it definitely helps my anxiety slip away. I 've not noticed any sick withdrawal efffects, being off it once for 2 months. I take 30 mg/day in two 15 mg doses.
I have been on 50mg Zoloft for about six month, I do find that my symptoms have improved some but my memory is awful.  I cannot remember a lot of important things and after doing some internet research, I found that several similar experiences.  Anyone have memory loss?
Bunavail is a great alternative to Suboxone films.  There is no 30 minute wait for it to dissolve, and one can carry on with normal activities while it is adhered to the cheek.  It also has far better bioavailability, so less of the medicine is wasted in the digestive tract.  Also, I 've had less headaches from Bunavail than Suboxone.  The only problem is getting them to properly adhere to your cheek.  Sometimes they roll up like a scroll, or wad up and turn into a ball of mush.  This wastes a film, and none of us have &quot;extra&quot; Bunavail to use if this should happen (as the manufacturer suggests)!  There are no instructions as to how long they should remain adhered, either.  I love Bunavail, but this issue is beyond frustrating!
I broke my back 8T when I was 29. The pain got worse as I aged.  This past year I  thought my life of suffering would destroy me.  My doctor placed me on the patch.  It made me feel so much better.  A life saver. Considering I have a curved spine and fibromyalgia too. I have to wear 2 X 25mg and change every 48 hours.  My only complaint is sweating and some dizziness. 
I am a female, first diagnosed at age 19 with bipolar disorder. They first tried Zyprexa which I had a horrible reaction to. The Depakote made me feel like a zombie for months, until it brought me back down to &quot;normal&quot;. I stayed on approx 500 mg/day for almost 6 years, then backing down to 250mg until I stopped. I had started to feel depressed at 31 and was put on Lexapro, this led to a manic episode within a few months. Alas I am back on Depakote 500mg/ day. It has saved me. Luckily no significant weight gain besides 10 lbs I lost being manic!) but I do work out and try to eat healthy.
Medication works very well to control nausea from chemotherapy. Patch does not stay on arm well.  After day one it started to peel off.  Doctor had to give me an office sample to replace it.
It works but I think it might be the effect from having extra energy so you do more things.  It definitely helps with motivation and depression.  Ironically it got rid of my anxiety as well.
I am 38 year old female who has suffered from severe insomnia for 6 years which has gotten much worse. I have been taking 10 mg of Ambien which worked well initially (about a year) until is stopped working. I wake up at 2:30 AM and cannot go back to sleep. I have also tried all typically prescribed sleeping medicines to no avail. I was diagnosed with depression. I am taking 20mg of Prozac and recently 25 mg of Seroquel. I was worried about those who gained so much weight on Seroquel as I am a fitness fanatic. 1st night I took it at 7:30pm, woke up feeling very groggy and out of it all day but did sleep better the first night. 2nd night, I took it earlier 6:30pm and noticed my legs twitching. Slept and felt better taking it earlier. Haven 't noticed any cravings.
If you have trouble keeping the patches on, there is a number on the packet that you can call and they will send a overlet, which you put over patch and you will be able to swim, etc.
Experience tiredness, no energy.
Husband had been taking between 20 and 40 mg/day for 7 years, been fine. Dad had been taking even longer and got the facial angioedema. Have seen other patients with it too. Late effect allergy to ACE inhibitors.
I have been on Pristiq for five weeks and all I can say is - yes you need to give it TIME.  The first few days I felt worse than ever but in time it gets better.  As far as withdrawing from the medication, I think increasing the dosage is best....that 's what I hear anyway.
I am 17 and have been on the depo shot for over two years. No periods besides occasional spotting, no pregnancy, no weight gain (I 've actually lost a few pounds). I am a little more moody and my sex drive has decreased, but I am most concerned about the long term bone density loss. I take calcium supplements daily. It is well worth it!
Opana workes for a while for me but after a couple of weeks it just stops helping.
I had taken this birth control a year ago, then went off it because I just didn 't need it. I 've started it again, I just started my third pack. I don 't have acne problems, the only thing I used to have trouble with was horrible cramps that would cause me to be bed ridden for couple of days, but my period was always light. This has for sure taken care of that, I rarely ever get cramps now. The only things I have noticed are I got moody during the first month, and when I do get a blemish (zits, nicks and cuts, bug bites), they tend to last longer. And in the last two weeks, I have noticed my stomach has bloated. My scale says I only gained under 5 pounds, and there is no change anywhere else on my body weight-wise.
I am a 22 year old female college student. I take Pristiq antidepressant daily. I was diagnosed with obstructive sleep apnea (runs in my family) and I sleep with a CPAP machine which helps, but I was still tired and felt cloudy and unable to focus during the day. I started taking Nuvigil and it has really helped. I am prescribed to 250mg but I take the half dose. When I first started taking Nuvigil, I had awful headaches and sometimes I felt jittery. Nuvigil kept me up at night for the first few weeks but my body adjusted. I take it around 8am. I feel alert and am able to focus better in school. I only get a headache if I skipped a few days and they are not as bad.
The combination of Cozaar with Atenolol has been highly effective in controlling my blood pressure, which had been intractable previously. After using the Cozaar brand name for some generic brand losartan. Over the next few months I developed a severe heartburn problem. I did not associate it with the change to the generic until a year later when certain other reasons I switched back to the brand name. Almost immediately my heartburn problem subsided. Please be aware of this if you are using a generic instead of Cozaar and you develop heartburn.
i was on Alesse for three months. I had no side effects and my periods were alot lighter and less painful. It cleared up my acne. my only complaint is that my periods in the 2nd and 3rd month of using this pill came a whole week earlier than it was supposed to there for i switched to a different pill.
I 'm currently on 10mg of Calexa but will be increasing to 15mg then to 20mg. This medication helps me get to sleep, it didn 't put me to sleep but it helped. It has helped when my anxiety was feeling out of control. I usually take 25mg or 50mg when needed. One side effect is it does make me tired, but when I need to sleep that 's ok. Overall not bad.
I started taking venlaflaxine for anxiety many years ago. I 've been absolutely fine and they 've helped a lot in reducing my anxiety. Only recently they 've changed them (different colour) and since then i 've had an upset stomach. I haven 't changed anything else so i 'm thinking it must be the new tablets. I 'll carry on taking them for a bit and see what happens.
I have suffered from anxiety problems my whole life, but it was easily managed until I turned 23 (2.5 years ago) when it blew up and every month got much worse. In Dec 2012, I was diagnosed with severe generalized anxiety disorder, moderate panic disorder, and moderate agoraphobia. I also have Irritable Bowel Syndrome-D, and combined with anxiety, I always had to be near a bathroom - any time I left the house I had diarrhea. Couldn 't go shopping alone, do drive throughs, etc. Started this and almost immediately felt a bit better, minimal side effects (insomnia/headache 1st 3 days, itchy armpits 1st week) and it has taken the edge off lots. Have done many things I couldn 't. No weight gain so far, very happy. Only big anxiety triggers bother me a bit, and Imodium use decreased LOTS! No mental fog!
I 'm a 25 year old woman who has struggled with IBS-C for about 5 years now. I started off taking linzess but it was too strong and I would just have to run to the bathroom every 15 minutes for hours. So my doctor put me on the 8 mg dose of amitiza and my life has changed for the better. It still takes me an hour to go to the bathroom in the morning but I 'm not waiting to go anymore. The medication works. I take it before bed and 2 hours before I wake up to give it a chance to work in my body and then drink a glass or 2 of water to kickstart it when I get up. And I don 't have to worry about constipation anymore. I 've been on it for 4 months and I love Amitiza.
Prednisone works fast and is great my for gouty arthritis but (a) I only have one kidney so I need to be extra careful how much I take of it and (b) it goes straight through me - I need to be careful where I go because there is not much lead time if you get my drift!Now I am taking Allopurinol but it hasn 't prevented an attack and doesn 't seem to be doing much.  Any ideas of other likely meds?  Also with Rheumatoid Arthritis I am often in agony when I have a bout of it.  My doctor is despairing of me cos I can 't take Morphine (makes me itch), Tramadol makes me short of breath, OxyContin sends me to sleep (literally), and now Prednisone or Solone as its called here is only a very infrequent useful tool.  Any hints on prevention or pain meds
Does a good job at preventing pregnancy... But!!!!!! Gained a little weight and I CRY EVERY SINGLE DAY ! Makes me so emotional. Was on for 4 months decided I needed a new one. Also gave me some cramps and Breast tenderness the first month
I 'm mainly posting to balance out the negative reviews. I have been on Orsythia for about a year and frankly it was a godsend. Before Orsythia I turned into a crazed evil sobbing wreck every month. Once I got on it I finally managed to get my moods, and Mega Death Cramps, under control. Lexapro helped also :)If you have just been prescribed this, i urge you to try it out and give it a chance. Remember that satisfied customers almost never post reviews, and it has helped a lot of women!
This is the only medicine that seemed to help. I also didn 't need as much asthma medication.
Hey Ladies. I was just in this situation reading reviews, desperate for answers. I had unprotected sex two days after my period. This was about 1am and I took the Plan B 9hrs later. After taking it. I had mild cramps. Later that night I had unprotected sex again (very stupid I know) I got frantic, calling pharmacies asking if I needed to take it once more, some said no I will be fine, and some said yes. I decided to go with no. Two days later I started to bleed, but this bleeding was brownish blood. I got this for a few days then I started bleeding heavily, n Remember I just had my period.  ladies I got my regular period after but it was 2 days late so I bled 3 times in a month! I 'm not gonna tell u don 't worry cause I did but the pill works!
It was originally $30 a month, but with new healthcare laws it 's free. When I was put on this, I was scared to tell the doctor that I had severe depression. After being on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo, my depression went away! I only seem to get it every once in a while. After being on it a while, I noticed that I got increasingly violent. I would get angry over the tiniest things. My periods are a lot lighter and not as painful. Despite the unexplainable rage, I 'd say this changed my life! I can always expect my period on the same day.
This medication has helped me alot for nearly 4 years.
I am on my 3rd week of Claravis.  I have one pimple, that I picked unfortunately, so it looks bad, but other than that pretty clear skin!  I was really dry around my nose, lips and chin.  I also was red all over my face, like Rosacea, and swollen on my forehead between my eyes and on my chin...weird.  But I started using Clinique Redness solutions face wash, moisturizer and SPF 15 base (all in one kit) and now the redness is almost gone and my skin looks more normal.  I also started using Clinique Mineral Makeup and LOVE it!  Great coverage and nice finish.  I use Aquaphor at night for my lips and anywhere that is flaky in addition to the Clinique moisturizer.  I just bought Murad Pomegranate Lip Treatment for day use.
i got on this medicine because i had some anxiety and depression. i have been on it for about a year n a half, and i have gained 40+ pounds. when i first started they said you dont gain weight, yeah right!!!    i loved the medicine at first but now i am always tired and always have diarriah. its so inconvenet. i feel i need to switch but im not to sure what else will work. since i have been on almost everything else
Good for preventing pregnancy and clearing up Skin. But it does make some women gain water weight. I gained 20 lbs on it and rapidly lost it in a month when I switched to another brand. So make sure you notice how it affects your body while on it. To me the weight gain was not worth it.
Works great for cystic acne - works some on whiteheads.  Like that it is once a day- but it is so expensive!  I got the manufacturer 's coupon card-so I haven 't had to pay much out of pocket. 
I am very happy my doctor recommended and prescribed this medicine. It has made dramatic changes with my mood and the small stuff really does not bother me anymore. I am happy a lot more and not anxious or worried like before. I do highly suggest you eat before taking it as I forgot to do that once and won 't ever again! It helps me not over eat either which is incredible and I have not experienced weight gain and my sex life is still very healthy. I am very satisfied with this medicine.
I had 3 of my 4 wisdom teeth taken out this past August. My dentist prescribed me codeine and ibuprofen. Whenever I took the codeine, my pain level was very low, so I 'd say it worked pretty well! The only reason I didn 't give a ten, is because it did make me extremely nauseous at one point.
I am 18 years old and I have been taking Aubra for a little over 2 months. So far it has been working effectively since I have not gotten pregnant. The only problem I have with this birth control is it has made my acne worse! Everywhere else on my face is clear except for both sides of my cheeks they are such bad breakouts. I 've noticed them to appear once I was on the pill for a while. I guess half a bottle of foundation to cover up my acne is better than having an unplanned pregnancy so I guess I will have to live with the complications it comes with.
Symptoms using Generic:  Sudden severe weakness nearly always occurring mid morning, blood pressure plummets and one time it went so low my defibrillator had to zap me.  There is a difference between Coreg brand drug and generic carvedilol.  I have been in the ER many times in the past because of it and they found nothing each time.  Thanks to O-care coreg costs $110 out of pocket now and I cannot take the generic for very long without the side effect I stated.Cure:    Short term:  drink some V8.  The potassium in it will help reregulate your heart quickly     Long term: Pay for Coreg BRAND prescription.  Well, It is very hard to afford this so what I do is take Coreg once every 3-4 days and this seems to keep the issue from occurring
My doctor suspected bacterial vaginitis so she gave me samples to use for two days. Did give me the bitter taste in my mouth and on the 3rd day I was very tired and weak. I also had sharp stomach pain on the 2nd day for a few hours but possibly unrelated. Today is the 4th day and it seems to have helped.
I was switched to Losartan from Lisinipril which caused a horrifying cough. I stopped taking it and called my doctor. I have been on Losartan for 3 weeks now and my blood pressure went from hypertension to pre-hypertension. Really want it lower. I have been exercising every morning at 5am and have been eating very good during this time. Yet it appears I 've gained weight and my legs feel like jello and if I squat down its hard for me to get up. I first thought it was because I haven 't been running in forever but its been 3 weeks of running and its getting worse. Ankles, behind the knees and calf muscles are the worst. Guess I will discuss with doctor next week. This is not a normal pain.
51 yo - I have taken Cialis 5mg daily for a few years now. It 's about doubled in price since I started taking it. No legal US generics for at least a couple more years. Looking for other alternatives as Cialis is getting too expensive. It really works great though. I 'm able to do it 2x a night like when I was 25.
I would highly recommend lo lo . I have been on it only 3Months and I 'm very happy with the results. I was on depo provera for almost four years and left me with pre menopause symptoms and had to get off it. Tried three kinds ofBirth control and all made me gain weight and mood swings. I tried about 6 months no bc and the depo side effects made my life and sex life miserable. Consistent discharge and smell (sorry about the vulgar details) my sex life with my bf was a mess. I was prescribed lo lo and I have not had a problem since. I had my period the first month second month was a week late lasted 8 days by the third month no period and I am not pregnant yay. I 'm 30 and has to b the best contraceptive I have ever taken!
Hope you are all feeling a least a little bit better having used this medication. I suffer from depression, anxiety and severe neck and lower back pain. I have been on Effexor-XR for almost a year now. In my case, it has been a very good choice of medication, having tried many others.It has reduced my depression and anxiety considerably, in addition to this, I had over time, developed a social phobia. I was always falling asleep and felt like I was turning into a junkie due to the the oxycontin medicines I was on for pain. Effexor-XR has eased this phobia to a comfortable level, I am now able to go out and feel comfortable around others.
Had Implanon for 3 years with very heavy, long periods, switched to Nexplanon immediately afterewards  (no break between b.c.)pros: did not get pregnant, didn 't have to remember to take anything. No periods for 3 years.Cons: maybe depression, definitely caused nipple discharge (aka lactating), mood swings, hormone imbalance year 2 of implant (no sex in 6 months leading up to symptom change). 5 months after removal, still have nipped discharge and no periods, but depression/mood swings significantly lessened. Dr informed me could be up to 6 months to get back to &quot;normal&quot;
When I first started taking this pill, I had irregular periods and some slight mood swings for the first couple months. Now I have regular periods that are very light, and last about two days. No cramps or nausea and I haven 't noticed a weight change. The cons for me are: lack of sex drive and tender breasts.
I have a large swollen infection believed to be staph infection. This medicine is working well but day 2 I am so nauseous even after taking Zofran 8mg I can not bare the thought of swallowing it or anything else. I 've taken this before and did not get this effect. I have many other health issues at the time but I was shocked I reacted this way.
Put on xarelto 15 mg twice a day for thrombosis in left arm. First week was awful. I was dizzy and light headed, especially within an hour of taking the medicine. My doctor did warn me I had to take with food and the same times every day. After a week, I am not feeling lightheaded. I do however have joint pain, especially in my hands. My joints hurt a lot once I wake in the morning. Have to take for another week twice per day then will be put on 20 mg once a day. Give it some time to work.
I was on Microgestin Fe 1/20 for almost two years, and that worked great for me. But I went to a new gyno and she changed my prescription to Sprintec because she said the microgestin was what was giving me headaches. My first two months on sprintec were horrible. I had nausea every morning and my periods were just as heavy and I was still getting horrible, slap-your-grandma cramps. However, I 'm going on my 5th month and the cramps have definitely been toned down, I still wake up with some nausea but it 's not bad. I would like my periods to lighten up a lot more though. I havent had any problems with my anxiety/depression worsening, weight gain, or acne.
This was the worst tasting bowel prep I 've ever used (and I 've had 3-4 previous colonoscopies).  The taste is incredibly disgusting and nauseating and I don 't know how I didn 't vomit.  It cleaned me out very well, but I almost had an accident with the explosive diarrhea.
I have been using epiduo for almost a week now and it has been burning a little bit, so i cut back on how much i put on my face and it feels much better. I did not have alot of acne at all before using it but only a few on my cheeks and those are all gone now after a few days of use. The few bumps on ny forehead are still there but im positive the epiduo is fighting to get rid of it. I will give it a couple of weeks :). (avoid using in eye area, and area right AROUND nose... those are sensitive areas that can easily turn dry)
I have been taking 1200mg daily (900mg daily 1/2 of the time), but for over 18 years.  This drug does appear to soften the lows and highs.  However extreme moods still occur while on this drug, it appears to be effective.  This seems to be the staple Bipolar drug, and many cocktails prescribed by doctors include this.  I have not seen any bad side effects from this, other than being very thirsty from time to time.  With that, I do carry more water weight than the average person.  I know this because I will often weigh myself before going to sleep, then go to the bathroom various times through the night and morning, and find that I &quot;lose&quot; upwards to 5 pounds.  The yearly or 6 month blood tests are annoying, but so far my kidneys are okay.
Great!
I tool the pill yesterday morning after unprotected sex. By the afternoon I felt so tired. Today I felt really nauseous and a little tired. I also started my period today. 10 days early !! Guess it 's not a bad thing (yet) .
The pain sucks but this is why us women just need to take care of ourselves I understand some are prone to them but wouldn 't you rather go through a couple days of pain than having to deal with a damn YI ? I 've had a YI before and I was prescribed a cream from the doctor and she also gave me a pill .. This time I used the monistat 7 and they 're both similar !!!!! Same pain same problems for a couple days but this product cures you just as much as a prescribed cream would ! My advice would be to grow a pair and suck it up and to just take care of yourself better ! If you can go through birth or cramps honestly you can go through this tiny bit of pain its honestly not that bad and it cures you !!!
Helps with insomnia if I take it with other sedatives. Initially I found it very stimulating. I have chronic fatigue syndrome/ME, irritable bowel syndrome-D, depression and anxiety. I take 500mg in total throughout the day. My main reason for reporting my experience is that it helps so much with my IBS-D. I have taken many anti-diarrhoea medicines with little effect.I can now eat foods that caused cramping and urgent diarrhoea. I now also take laxatives every day. I much prefer trying to manage constipation than the uncontrollable urgent diarrhoea. The IBS-D has been so crippling and I have had it for more than 25yrs. It started very soon after I had my severe viral infection that caused the CFS/ME
I have been on Invega 6mg for about 3 years now.  I have gained about 70 extra pounds, and nothing I do seems to drop the weight.  Also it messed with my periods so much that I had to have a hysterectomy.  But it does keep my moods stable for the most part.  I think its time for me to start a new medication though.  Because when I do have outbursts they are really bad.  And the depression is still here.
Saxenda had an immediate effect on my appetite.  It always felt like I had gorged myself even though I had eaten very little.  The constipation was very difficult to deal with, as is the nausea.  The real question for me was do the benefits outweigh the risks.  After several days of feeling bad, I decided I could not tolerate the side effects.  Others may have a different experience.
I 've been battling migraines for more then a decade. Been through everything from Aromatherapy to muscle relaxers to antidepressants and so far this has worked the best.Had a migraine last night and took a dose - in 20 minutes I could breathe again. Started to get another one several hours later and took another dose and it worked. Good drug that does what it says it will do.
Pain relief is fast and lasts a few hours. I 've never had anything like it.
This is my second time on Flagyl. I am on a 10 day course of it 2x daily for a bacterial infection in my stomach. Other than some gas pains I have had no bad side effects. There is a lot of bad things on &quot;Dr. Google&quot; and I have to refrain from googling things as they tend to make some feel the symptoms... to me Flagyl has worked and I hope everyone finds a medicine that will help them..Flagyl or not
I take Fanapt for Bi-Polar Disorder and Anxiety. Have been on Fanapt for several months and have had great results with it. I missed 2 doses and could see a huge difference in myself. I would recommend it to anyone. I haven 't had any side effects from it. It 's been great.
I started on Votrient May 4, 2013.  I take it at bedtime, which has really helped.  I took it for about 24 days back in December, during the day, and side effects were far worse.  So far, the side effects are more tolerable than Sutent. I do have high blood pressure and low platelets, but doctor is doing labs weekly.  Some days the side effects are worse than others.  I went to 800 mg last week and have more fatigue.  I pray it works for my lung tumors as I have heard it has for others.
I had kyleena inserted 8/11 and so far I 'm not super impressed. I had it inserted a week before my period was due... I 've never had kids or have been pregnant. The day of insertion, it hurt like a bad cramp being inserted and then I felt fine. I went to leave and I almost passed out by the doctors office elevators... just overcome with dizziness! I forgot to eat breakfast but the doctor told me insertion does make people dizzy. I got home and had unbearable cramping the entire day... 9:30 AM-8 PM. I took 800 mg for Advil literally every 4 hours. Fast forward a week and I got my period on time but it was heavy and long-a week- which on the pill it was short and light for me. I had sex two weeks after insertion and I felt sore and crampy.
Flonase works so good! I 've been on it for about a week now, and I 'm noticing fast improvements. Around the 4th day, my sinus headaches were slim to none, my watery right eye stopped, and I didn 't sneeze 10 times a day. No side effects. I am still a little stuffed up.....but that 's what sinus tea is for! Thank you Flonase!
I have over a dozen UTIs in two years which is an extremely high amount. My body just happens to be prone to UTIs. I have realized that the medication does its job but its important we don 't over to the antibiotic because the infection will find a defence against the antibiotic. Make sure to realize this medicine should be taken with a decent meal and plenty of water through out the day. Also, this medicine should not make you vomit, but I have experienced that when I took or take the pain medicine specifically for UTIs caused me to projectile vomit. Please be aware not to judge an antibiotic on just that  as there is multiple factors. I recently have been proscribed this medicine again. It has already helped. Just watch the dosage.
I am 72 it has worked great for me, still taking it no side effects! would hate to taken off it.
I was given Yaz because of my PMDD and misplaced ovaries that made ovulation exceptionally painful.  My friend and her mother were instantly concerned because of my friend 's bad experience with Yaz.  She had migraines, anxiety and gained a lot of weight on it.  I fared much better than my friend.  My acne didn 't go away, but it 's not AS bad.  My ovaries aren 't hurting nearly as much, I don 't have anymore cramps, my mood swings are much more manageable, and my periods aren 't all over the map anymore (the doctor actually laughed when I showed him the calendar I used to track it!) I have gained weight on Yaz.  I 'm going to guess I 've gained about 1/2 a pound, and that is in my boobs.  I am finally out of an A cup and I am thrilled about it!
It is essentially the only medicine that has been prescribed for me for ADD, so I cannot compare it to others.  However, I feel it is very effective.  I have found greater success varying the strength over time rather than staying with a single dosage level.
It is like knives in my nose and throat for about 15 minutes, then it works better than injecting in my thigh. I also take prescription Prilosec and an anti-nausea prescription with it.
lots of side effects - headaches, flushed skin...
The Nuvaring is very easy to use however I had some odd problems with. I didn 't gain any weight or get acne. The only problem that I did have with it was the dryness. I was very dry during sex and before. The doctor recommended that we use lubricant and remove the ring which we did and that didn 't help to much. The worst part was the itchiness that I had around the lips. The doctor told me that would go away and that I needed to use the product longer. However, the itchiness got worse and the whole vaginal area became very dry and painful. During urination it would burn. I was tested for urinary infection and yeast infection and the doctor did not find anything. After 3 months I had enough of the itching and not that great of a sex drive.
I 'm 19 years old had a daughter who 's now 6 months old, Never used a birth control and decided to go with the Mirena I 'm bad at remembering things. I got the Mirena inserted last week even though I had a baby it was a little painful inserting it she said my cervix was pretty high. The next day I was normal. Drink some ibuprofen you 'll be fine. I get cramps here and there but again it 's only been a week my boyfriend says he only feels the strings but it doesn 't bother it only tickles, so far so good.
I immediately noticed ( day 2)  small problems but by day 4 , I was feeling very depressed, my hip joint was hurting, had abdominal pain and I was crying so much. My blood pressure also elevated so I had to stop taking it.
Day 6 and I 'm up at 2am. Maybe the energy is kicking in, I don 't know. I suffer from bipolar, anxiety, panic attacks, depression. I usually feel a little manic all the time, but the 2nd day taking this medicine, a calmness came over me. I 'm a pack a day smoker, but haven 't had or wanted a cigarette from that 2nd day. I 'm taking 75mg twice a day, but I think I need to just take it in the morning. I don 't feel all energetic but I haven 't been taking a nap in the afternoon like usual. And tonight I can 't fall asleep...and I take 100mg of trazodone to fall asleep. Also I haven 't been on Amazon and Ebay wanting to buy everything I see. I 'll see how it goes day by day but I 'm very hopeful! By the way...if you are bipolar DO NOT TAKE LEXAPRO!
Got multiple venomous spider bites on left buttocks... Turned into a staph infection. Before taking the medicine I was in so much pain I could barely sit or lay down. Been on the medicine for two days now at 500mg twice a day (along with Epsom salt baths) and it has already GREATLY improved my infection, the sores, and my ability to sit!
I 've had stomach issues for most of my life (I 'm 41) and have tried &quot;everything,&quot; with no reliable consistency. I 've tried the OTC medicines, Miralax worked for some time then stopped. Suppositories once a week had become my only source of bowel motions. I took Amitiza for 6 weeks, with no positive results.I took 2 doses of Linzess and Boy! I spent the next 6  hours in the bathroom. Not fun. I even had to step out, mid-shower, conditioner in my hair, to use the bathroom more! And cramps, oh the cramps. This is my 2nd week with the samples my Dr. gave me. I took a pill yesterday...and the same cramps and episode occurred. Didn 't last as long but hurt as much. I am sore this morning; my stomach hurts. I will continue with Linzess, it works.
Have been using it for about 2 years, no problems light period, no weight gain but I didn 't realize my lack of sex drive until I got off of it. Only reason it even happened was because I switched insurance and wasn 't able to fill it in before I switched.
Been on this for 20   years for my ADHD. It 's the only thing that helped a few others would work for abut 2 weeks then nothing. This has worked great all these years. Like w most meds you have to find the right dosage. They tried to switch me to the XR capsules but with my stomach and fast metabolism  they broke down all at once . If you feel Anticy or grind your teeth or can 't control your concentration your probably taking to much or the wrong type. I find the dextro salts to be less powerful. I strongly recommend trying to get the tablets salts or not and skipping them or taking the least u can get away with.  So you don 't build up a tolerence which happens fast and u can break them in  half.
Highly effective for tonic spasms around my eyes. Drawbacks are that it is only temporary and is also dependent on skill of doctor administering to hit exact spot to relieve spasm. Usually lasts around 3 months for me though it varies for other patients.
The taste is absolutely terrible!!! It 's so strong and disgusting! If you let it hit your tongue, your screwed!!! What I do, is I take it with a huge glass of milk, fill your mouth up with milk, drop it in and swallow! Sometimes it works and you don 't taste anything but milk, but sometimes it floats around and hits your tongue! Besides how bad it tastes, I get super dizzy after taking this pill, almost immediately I am dizzy and nauseous with a nasty headache! Of course it helps if you eat before hand, but the lightheaded, dizzy feeling isn 't fun at all! Feels like I have my eyes crossed, it 's painful. Although the side effects are horrible, I do have to say within hours the discharge completely flushes out, the smell goes away and your back to norm!
I am an active 60 y/o male; have had 2 surgeries to fix meniscus tears on left knee; also arthritic in that knee.  I am 1 week out from 3rd injection.  1st shot was good -no side effects; 2nd shot - some increased swelling and stiffness; 3rd shot ok; one week out and I notice that I am not sore after sitting at my desk for an hour or more. I actually have to start getting used to trusting my knee when I stand up again!  Definitely helped!  I have not given it the acid test as I am a backpacker and I would usually get significant pain after the first couple of miles hiking.  Initial reaction is that my knee is not perfect with 20% of my meniscus left, and I do still have some pain, but the shots DID HELP.  No complaints.
Have been diagnosed with Ulcerative colitis/Crohn 's disease for just over a year now. Took dicyclomine from the very beginning. It seems to work pretty well getting rid of the abdominal pain. However, because I am on so many different medicines (10) I cannot say for sure which medicine helped with what or caused whichever side effect. I have experienced nausea, lack of appetite, drowsiness, dizziness, insomnia, dehydration, and severe headaches.
I just had Liletta inserted yesterday afternoon so I can 't really say too much on the effectiveness or any side effects just yet. However, I can tell you that the insertion process was a little intense but nothing that I couldn 't handle. Just remember to take some pain killers/anti inflammatory before and after, breathe &amp; relax and the process will go much smoother. I love my gyn, he did an amazing job on making me as comfortable and informed as possible. He even made me laugh during the process which helped to ease the temporary pain of insertion. This was my first IUD as a form of birth control, aside from a slightly uncomfortable insertion process I would recommend this. Since yesterday, I 've only experienced mild cramping/light spotting
I 've been taking Ritalin (extended release) at 20mg for almost a year now. I take it for ADHD. (I also have bipolar disorder type I.) This medicationdoesn 't help with me when it comes to being hyper and full of energy allthe time, but it does help with concentration. The only side effect I haveexperienced so far is loss of appetite, but not significantly.
I am 15 years old and I was put on this birth control because I have extremely heavy periods. I 'm going on my 3rd month of this birth control and I 've had very little negative side effects. I lost weight and am continuing to lose weight (I 've lost about 13-14 pounds right now) on this. I 've had a decreased appetite and I 've noticed I 'm full sooner. I didn 't have any mood swings or nausea. My acne cleared up majorly and my face is completely clear now! I had moderate cystic acne and now it 's completely gone! The only negative side effect for me is I 've had breakthrough bleeding for about 37 days so my gyno wants to switch me. I can 't say anything about the effectiveness as a birth control as I 'm not sexually active. I recommend!
No side effects, a lot of sleeping, but a slight improvement of mood. 2 weeks so far.
All this came about when I felt ringing in the ears from the other seizure medsI changed over to this present med and now have all the above, but I can 't cut down as I end up passing out on the street while walking, or sometimes when I drive a car, so I have to take the full dose and put up with the side effects
I 've been on Chantix for six weeks and have uncontrollably made contact with every ex-girlfriend I 've ever had, to rehash all of our relationship problems. On a more positive note, I 'm feeling optimistic about quitting smoking. Anyone considering chantix should delete the phone numbers of all their exes. Trust me.
I have been using Pennsaid for about 8 wks. It is working well in conjunction with cortisone shots in my knees every 3 months. My insurance covered it totally, to my surprise!  My only complaint is the pump on the bottle quit working on the first RX before it was empty. It just quit pumping and I had to wait till I could refill my next month supply. POOR DESIGN on the pump.
it wasnt til last year my sophomore year i finally just couldnt take the headaches, they got soo bad i had to go to the doctor and they prescribed me amitriptyline. Let me say they started off as a miracle worker and definetely recommend it to prevent it. But it does has its side affects, i am suffering from depression , panic attacks , suicidal thoughts and makes me feel so tired and sleepy its not funny. Im a junior now in highschool , my hardest and most important year and i kinda hate that i took and am taking amitriptyline. I cant take this med anymore. My grades are so bad right now because i can never stay focus at school and feel so damm tired i dont want to do anything.cant concetrate, i act different now and i dont feel myelf.
I took the recommended dose (2 tablets) at about 10pm with a glass of water. Slept like a baby at night. Woke up feeling fine. Felt slight cramps on the way to work (8am) and then again after at 10.30am I felt the urge to go. First two times I had a normal movement, soft stools released. 20 minutes later I had diarrhea and then I was perfectly fine to carry on with the rest of the day.Overall it took a while to work on me compared to the rest of the comments below but I had no severe pain.
Was taking many medications for a condition which caused a lot of weight gain. After weaning off, dr. put me on low cal, low carb diet with a prescription diet aid that worked but scary. I continued ti lose after stopping rx diet pill but then plateaud for a long time and started gaining slowly. Chose Alli to help things start moving along. So far I 'm pleased. Psychologicaly, it helps motivate me since I spent money on an FDA approved diet pill. It helps so I can eat meals a little higher in cal than original diet which makes it more sustainable. In 3 days I 've lost 3 of the 4lbs I gained back. I exercise almosr daily- for years. Try to make healthy choices and not eat late. Take with lunch and dinner where my fat and calories are a more
It worked so well for me, except for the weight gain. It worked perfectly for my mood accept that within the first 2 months I was on it I gained about 20 pounds. I kept on it because it worked so well and we played around with some other Meds that might have balanced it out but it was just not worth it, I ended up gaining about 30-40 pounds from the whole thing and I am a rather small person. I am now on Lamotrigine and it works perfectly. In all it worked out pretty well, just had some unpleasant side affects for me.
Diagnosed with atypical TN after lower orthognathic surgery 20 months ago.  Now on 1000mg Gapapentin 3x a day plus prolonged release Carbamazapine 400mg at night.  Did start 100mg Carbamazapine in the morning but had problems with vision and balance so decided against it. Drugs working ok.  Wish there was a solution to my problem :-(  Now just been told by my doc that my white blood count down possibly due to the Carbamazapine so may have to come off it.
Have had this for a little over a year. I had my period for probably two months when it was first inserted, although it was very light. At first I would go about a month without my period and then have a two week period, sometimes more. Compared to how heavy my period was beforehand, it didn 't bother me. Then I didn 't get my period for four months which started to scare me, making me wonder if I was pregnant. however, it was a nice break from the norm, and I was not pregnant. It does its job, but can be unpredictable period wise.
I 'm ready to be clean and be myself again. I was hooked on oxys 80mg for three years. This drug almost broke my marriage and led me to do things I thought I would never do from lying, stealing and unemployment from the first time I started using. When I started Suboxone my whole life has changed. I 'm now a better wife, daughter and aunt again.
Lost 6 kgs in 3 weeks, weight has been stagnant after that though. Fasting sugar came down from 200 to 116. Great medicine.
In my chequered relationship with alcohol (35 yrs) I have found my way back to sobriety crippled with nausea and vomiting many times. I have tried the usual suspects over the years. Medicines which increase motility (emptying of the stomach more quickly) right up to phenothiazines (used to relieve amongst other things sea sickness and psychosis. Google anti-emetics.If you want to get sober, do it over a one week to ten day period with family support (probably more important than any drug) ask your Doctor for a serious anti sickness drug , keep hydrated !!! Drink ginger tea ! And rest.Good luck, my advice was sound for me. God Bless Dave. X
This medicine gave me very bad indigestion, acid reflux, and severe nausea. My doctor cut me down to one pill every other day and it did cut all of these effects basically out.
No problems
7 monthsThe insertion was painful enough to almost make me pass out. I did not take any NSAIDs beforehand but definitely needed it afterwards. Since then my periods have been lighter, but less regular (they weren&rsquo;t regular to begin with). Sometimes they come about twice a month, and sometimes they skip. The cramps are random and not correlated with the bleeding, and sometimes they&rsquo;re frequent and make me stop doing whatever I was doing and/or reach for the ibuprofen. It still feels like very bad gas, 7 months in. PMS symptoms are slightly worse. I do worry about the pain being the IUD imbedding, and about getting pregnant on it. I am still going to do at-home tests due to the irregularities, but it&rsquo;s still better than no birth control.
I have been on contrave for 3 months and I have lost 26lbs. Wow. I struggled after having my daughter who is now but was superfit before I got pregnant. The fist couple of days I felt a bit off but that subsided quickly. There is no &quot;magic pill&quot; so you have to want to lose weight and try. This medicine has helped curb my appetite and I make better choices, drink more water, and try to get more steps in per day .  I 'm 36yrs and have another 25lbs to lose. Hope this helps.
Severe withdrawal
After reading some of these comments I was afraid to take this but it wasn 't bad at all.  This was my third  colonoscopy.  I used the pills, Golytely and Suprep this time and the Suprep was by far the easiest.  This is what worked for me:  I separated each dose into three portions.   I held my nose and drank quickly through two straws. Then I put a lemon wedge in my mouth.  After that I chewed a piece of cinnamon gum.   After a couple minutes I repeated this with the other two portions.  I tasted grape cough/cold medicine only while swallowing and it was not terrible at all.  And I had no aftertaste.   My only problem with this prep was drinking the 32 oz of water due to bloating and slight nausea.
I have been taking Sprintec for 2 1/2 months. I am 27 years old, 5 '4&quot;, 130 pounds, and I live a moderately healthy lifestyly. I have few complaints with Sprintec and I plan to stay on it. Weight gain - no noticeable weight gain.Effect on acne - no noticeable effect on my minor acne.Breast size/pain - no noticeable effect.Breakthrough bleeding - none.Mood - two periods of 2-3 days where I noticed some significant pill-related depression and anxiety; otherwise I feel great.Periods - cramps slightly reduced, flow about the same.
I 've had daily chronic migs for over 39 years now &amp; have tried everything under the sun. Although Topamax doesn 't get rid of my migs it allows them to be manageable. When they not, Imitrex is there. I LIVE on those two. Yes, Topamax has its side effects; I esp like the one where I forget words and objects. I 've been on it for about 6 years now &amp; although it doesn 't work the best, it works better than anything else i 've been on. I take 400 mgs daily. Have a pos outlook on life, it helps a lot!!  :o)
I have had some luck with reducing pustules with a product available in Australia - Azclear. It is a 20% azaleic acid. I have had a little bit of peeling - it 's quite strong so I use it spareingly. For those in the US it is only  $8.95 Aus dollars. Yes! It doesn 't need a prescription and it is made by a well trusted company - I 'm sure it 's able to be purchased online and shipped overseas. Well worth a try - I can 't believe it 's so expensive in the US!
So far I like it. I 've only been taking it for a few days so I may rate it again if any other side effects start. My acne has cleared up a little already and I 've noticed I 've been slightly more energetic than when I was taking Levora which always made me tired. I 've also noticed a lot of people said it decreased their sex drive. For me, it has increased my sex drive, but I don 't self-lubricate, so it kinda sucks. But other than that I like it so far.
I had a yeast infection to the 10th Power. I tried some OTC vaginal medicines and definitely didn 't work out for me.  Seem like it got worse.  Very embarrassing and uncomfortable NOT A GOOD FEELING! My Dr prescribed me 2 doses at 150mg each.  Took the 1st pill at noon and I could really feel relief within hours. I highly recommend this pill for quick relief.  Thank goodness for Fluconazole!
This is the 2nd birth control I 've tried to balance out my hormones and it works! No weight gain (other then the breasts one cup size, my mood is calm and I only cry once a month if even (compared to everyday), and I 'm not depressed or anxious anymore and sleep is better. It does make your energy lower however and depending on your meal schedules if taken on an empty stomach it raises your acids throughout the day so hunger is increased. I believe you gain weight if you give in to all the cravings. For the first 5 months I had light periods and now for the the last two it stopped all together, I LOVE this pill. For once I 'm NOT CRAZY, sex is still the same, and I finally have clear skin!
GIVE IT TWO FULL MONTHS. That 's my most important piece of advice. I am a 21 year old male and had an extremely acute outbreak of anxiety and panic attacks, mostly related to my health/getting a serious disease. My psychiatrist gave me 50mg of Zoloft a day   0.5 mg of Ativan. The Ativan worked immediately and for a long time I didn 't think the Zoloft was working. But it 's been two months now and I 'm almost anxiety free. Getting off the Ativan has been no problem at all (something I was very worried about) and I feel back to my old self pre-anxiety outbreak. My psychiatrist does therapy too, which I think was very very helpful.
I was on the 20 mg of Copaxone for more than 10 years and took a break for about a year.  Felt that I was stable, I felt great, and MRIs were showing no new progression. Recently starting trying to get back on it using the 40 mg for the last three weeks and am getting rashes, hives, headaches and in general feeling worn out and &quot;MS-ey.&quot; Just not sure whether to be on it or not at this point.
I was on NuvaRing for about six months. For the first month or two, I had terrible headaches at the end of the days I had class, but everything else was fine. Fast forward to 3-5 months, I was moody, I was even a little depressed, and I had no sex drive. I wanted to eat everything in sight. From the second month to the sixth month, I gained about twenty pounds with no significant lifestyle changes or dietary changes besides the NuvaRing. If you are tolerant of high hormone levels and don 't gain weight, this might be a good option for you. It stays in for three weeks and comes out the fourth week for your period (which mine came very regularly while on it). If it wasn 't for the significant weight gain, I would have stayed on it.
I have severe spasticity and this medicine really helps my muscles to relax.  I only take 20 mg a day however if I do need to take an additional pill for the &quot;bad days&quot; I don 't suffer any additional side effects...only a bit more sleepier by the end of the day.
It 's the best thing for me. It works few hours after taking the pill. I did not experience any of the side effects. It is a great way for someone who is really constipated to get relief fast.
Over the course of several months I 've developed an eating disorder. I 'm a normal weight but I was diagnosed with EDNOS- a combo of binge eating disorder and anorexia- I don 't purge but have had significant weight loss in the past. Have tried Wellbutrin XL for past depression, which worked, but it does not curb my appetite as strongly as this one does. I 'm taking generic 100mg, I 'm not wholly in love with it because it has increased my anxiety, insomnia, and I feel weird- excited, nervous, tingly- and it 's not good when I 'm trying to study and sit still. I can only get rid of it if I run it off. Don 't feel like eating much anymore- 4 days and already &quot;lost&quot; 3 lbs.I eat when I 'm physically hungry.Just worried about the side effect of anxiety
I have taken Ambien, on and off, for several years. I have bipolar disorder, resulting in a chronic sleep problem. 10 mg/day works well for a few months, then I become habituated. I have tried increasing to 20 mg/day, but I eventually become habituated to that dose as well, and neither I nor my doctor will go to a higher dose. Nothing else works as well, so I usually struggle along for a couple of months, then go back to 10 mg/day of Ambien. The other problem I 've seen is that I CANNOT  mix it with alcohol. I learned the hard way. I had &quot;waking blackouts&quot; after I 'd had a couple of drinks. People told me of things I 'd done, of which I had no memory of. 
I 've had migraines for 25 plus years and it 's almost impossible to get pain medication these days even at an urgent care facility.  My new doctor offered me Cataflam.  I received the generic Diclofenac 50 mg. and was very excited about receiving any kind of help making it through a migraine which sometimes lasts 8 days, sometimes 2 days.  Anyway, I took it three times a day the first two days and sporadically for another two or three days.  It worked very well much to my surprise; however, after that I experienced the stomach burn I read someone else experienced.  I didn 't realize what had caused the burning until I read the reviews on this med.  I 'm a little afraid to take it again unless I just take it one or two days next time.  Try it.
I am an adult in my late 30 's. I have taken this drug off and on for the last year and a half, because my medical doesn 't cover it and it is very expensive for me. When I was given samples, my family can see the difference in my thoughts and organization.
I was glad to read different experiences with this medication, observing side affects and negative reactions. I can 't look at a boat, roller coaster, or backseat of a car without immediate nausea. I 've used Transderm Scop patches on several occasions and they worked very well with no sign of motion sickness whatsoever. My side affects were mild compared to others--typical dry mouth, slight euphoria, mild giddiness, mild drowsiness. I was careful not to drink much alcohol and to leave the patch on for a day after the expired amount of time as not to shock my system. TS can be expensive. Has anyone used the generic brand(s)?
When I find I 'm very angry it gives me time to pause and the ability to shake the bad mood I 'd normally have afterwards. I rarely experience unjustified sadness, yet when something sad happens I still feel sad. I think it just gives me some breathing room to sort  things out.
I was first prescribed fioricet for hormonal headaches during my pregnancy. It was so effective and helped ease the pain. It did make me drowsy. I still use it for chronic headaches as-needed. The only thing I wish for is that it would work a little more quickly. It takes 45min-1hr for my headaches to ease off. Great help all-around, though!
On Norco-10 for 4 years-C4-C5 herniated disc. I went from 3/day to 4 or 5 a day as my tolerance built.  18-20 months ago, doctor suggested Nucynta 100 3x a day.  The max pain relief was just as good as the Norco-10, but I told the doctor that I wanted to go back to Norco because the Nucynta would &quot;crash&quot; me between doses-fell off VERY quickly the last couple hours.Got to two months ago.  Doctor sends me to a PM specialist because he 's not happy with all the acetaminophen.  She puts me on tramadol and tells me to slowly back off the Norco.  First, tramadol didn 't work for pain, 2nd it nauseated me BADLY. Told her my history with Nucynta and she put me on 150mg ER 2x/day.  All GOOD 3 weeks later BUT with 1 or 2 Norco as supplements for breakthrough pain. 
My neurologist prescribed Keppra initially 500 MG in the morning and 500 MG in the eveninig. I was so groggy it was unbelievable. All I wanted to do was sleep. We switched to the XR Keppra 500 MG twice per day at bedtime and it has been much better. Still suffer from some side effects (skin rash, stiff neck) but feeling much better. 8 weeks into it and all appears well!  Good luck to all, I hope this helps.
I 'll start with a little background saying I was suggested this by my doctor after having a history of migraines with aura and gaining 30 lbs on the pill. I got the nexplanon inserted in February and have had it for a month now. I didn 't expect to get it inserted the day I did, and wasn 't on my period that day which they suggest you should be. I got my period for he first time in seven weeks and it 's been far lighter than the periods I normally have. I also usually have long periods and am currently on day 8 with no end in sight. We 'll just have to wait it out. But so far, this is doing far better than the pill I tried!! Plus the scar is very minimal and it didn 't hurt to get placed. Very minimal room for human error.
Cefdinir is a good medication and has worked for both sinus and ear infections that I have had.  All doctors should also inform their patients you MUST take a probiotic while on this medication.   It eliminates the diarrhea, headaches and many other side effects I am seeing in the responses below.
I have been on Advair Diskus for only 2 days and already I feel like I have much more energy, and I don 't wheeze like I used too. Haven 't had to have my inhaler in 2 days either. Time will tell lets hope I have found something that works and I can get back to a normal lifestyle.
I 'm taking Benicar 40mg for High Blood Pressure 163/100 on average I 'm slightly overweight (47. Benicar has actually reduced my dizziness I had prior to taking blood pressure medicines. I tried water pills but blood pressure got worse. My doctor knows I 'm the kind of patient that will stop taking medicines that bother me so she skipped the lisinopril and went straight for the Benicar and I 'm glad she did although day 4 now and my blood pressure is 124/58 ...sort of low after being in the 100 's a few days ago. Maybe I 'll need the 20mg but love the focus and energy I have again and the looser bowels are an additional perk! Knees stopped hurting from arthritis too.
I 've had moderate to severe low back pain for over 20 years due to herniated discs. After years of being handed Percocet (which only worked about an hour for me) and everything up to straight OxyContin, I think I have found something that works!  It 's only been about a month, but in combination with Percocet, the severe pain has been minimized. I gave it an 8 because I never want to over hype a medication and I 've only been on this about a month.
The only reason I 'm not giving Kyleena a 10 is because of my acne. I am going into my 3rd month of having this IUD. I switched from a low dose birth control pill. I love the IUD because I don 't have to remember to take a pill everyday! The first two months have been rough. I have broke out all over my face, chest, and back. Nothing will make it go away it 's so bad.  The 1st month was okay didn 't have much spotting just for about 3 days and it was light. The second month I got my period right on time but had it for 17 days straight. Also found a cyst on my right ovary. I 'm just now starting to get more energy but I have been exhausted for the last two months. I will update again after being on it for 3 months.
So I got the skyla about a month ago and honestly I was terrified but I was pleasantly surprised. The insertion took almost no time at all, and it was pretty uncomfortable for maybe a minute? Afterwards I had cramps that weren 't killer but still kind of bad. The cramps went away a day or two later... then I got my period. I have had it for 3 weeks now and my doctor told me not to use a tampon until I had my one month appointment. Truthfully that has been the worst part and it better be damn worth it!!! (Reading these reviews made the experience x20 worse)
I have hurt for the last 3 weeks really bad.  I hurt so bad. I have taken 3 antibiotics the last 3 weeks. I finally decided it was enough and went to my Urologist. I was in so much pain. I was in tears. It was nonstop pain. My urologist told me that I had a stone or stones. My urologist prescribed me a pain med and Flomax.  I thought Flomax was just for men. I looked it up and found out that it is used for kidney stones. I have taken Flomax once a day since Thursday and now I have no pain. I feel I passed the stone early this morning or it moved somewhere else. I am not hurting. I am so glad. I don 't even know how to act, because I have been in so much pain for so long. I am set up for a CAT scan on Monday.
This worked for me but it left me with dark spots...which made me have to use something else, but overall it made my pimples go down everyday, especially if I left a dot on the pimples.
Acts very quickly and definitely feel the calming effect. The only downsides is that it doesn 't last very long (2-3 hrs max, maybe even less) and you quickly build up a tolerance for it so you end up having to take much more the more you use it.
I 've been on the same BC for 4 yrs. I had break through bleeding &amp; my Dr switched me to Taytulla. She gave me 3 month supply. I 'm pretty sure Dr are being paid to give out samples. Went to pharmacy to get the prescription and it 's $500/month. Forget that! So I 'm trying the 3 samples to see if I like it enough to get the generic. I 've only done a month &amp; I 've had bad mood swings, bad headaches, bad body acne I 've never had before, super tender breasts, and vaginal discharge every day. I know when start BC you get symptoms but I didn 't expect this from going from one BC to another.  I 'll take a pregnancy test in a week to make sure I 'm not pregnant and give it another month to see of any of this goes away. But so far, DO NOT take Taytulla
I 've been on this pill for 7 months now. In the beginning I was worried from reading all the reviews that said how awful it is. For me my breast got bigger (which should be a plus). I didn 't notice much about weight change from the pill. I started it near summer going into college and I may have gained 1 pound from eating junk food in the summer. As far as my acne I have always had clear skin. The pill didn 't affect my acne or anything. The pill didn 't lessen my period until like 2 months ago. It 's a light period usually. Except I have more cramps and bloating than not being on the pill, which is odd. 
Twisted my back and taking this medication for back spasm.. Works well in my opinion
Ive been taking Seroquel/quetiapine for about 4 months now and I feel its definately helped with controlling hypomania as well as helping me to control anxiety. Also, I can keep to a regular sleeping schedule now!I HAVE LOST WEIGHT since starting to take quetiapine, and I have absolutely no appetite. Before taking this drug, I was scared I 'd gain weight (like most people) but it just didnt happen. Rather, I need to remind myself to eat a little throughout the day or I 'll have no energy because I just dont feel like eating period. One more thing: I felt too sleepy to drive after taking my a.m. dose, but after a couple of months the a.m. dose doesn 't make me feel too sleepy anymore.I feel better in general.
I have had the implanon for a year and a half now and so far it 's been great. No period at all except for a couple weeks a few months ago of random spotting. Recently though I have been experiencing horrible breast pain like you get when starting your period or when pregnant. (Never been pregnant but friends say it 's similar) and it 's been going on for almost 3 weeks.The only issue is every few months for about a week I get bad breast pain. This time it 's longer. Anyone else have this issue?
I 've been taking Zoloft for 6 weeks. I was a mess before, so stressed out, lashing out at my husband and in tears daily. I felt so overwhelmed with life. Once I started taking Zoloft all of that went away. I feel SO much more calm and have not had a breakdown since. Side effects for me: gas, sometimes rapid heart beat, occasional dry mouth and can make waking up very difficult (this happened when I tried to increase my dose, per doctor 's orders). It does give me very vivid dreams, which doesn 't bother me and I 'm sleeping like a champ. Sex drive is very sad, but it wasn 't great before with the anxiety. Sometimes a glass of wine (I know, a no-no!) really helps with that! I am really happy with it. No noticeable weight changes.
I have just started taking this medicine, which I have used before for anti-malaria!  I had no idea it was for Rosacea.  What I 'm most surprised about on this discussion forum is how expensive it is.  I live in France, where prescriptions are free because health care is paid through your taxes.  Meaning - if a medicine costs $1 or $30, it 's still free, making it accessible to everyone skin conditions. 
I 've been taking doxycycline once a day since early August and overall I have seen improvement but I still get pimples randomly I think it could be from touching my face though. I do that often and am trying to stop because I know it messes with the healing process and spreads bacteria. Anyways I don 't have as many breakouts as I used to and yeah it 's all starting to clear up but I still have a long way from perfect skin. I have scars from picking. I also put Retin A on every night and wash my face with neutrogena to clear pores. I put on a face mask 3 times a week either sea salt, baking soda, or just the face wash because it 's also a mask. I also apply apple cider vinegar once in a while. I think these do help as well.
worked great when I started...a year later taking 1mg in the am and 1mg at night...and anxiety is back...interferes with work...
Hypercare is incredible for my armpits. Wet spots still show on my T-shirts sometimes, but not a lot. At least they 're not dripping like they used to ...the downside is that if used too much it will burn. Once every 3 or 4 days is good enough. Another thing is that this doesn 't really work for my hands and feet. Overall, this is great.
I started on Keppra before I got pregnant, I was on a large dose of Epilim, and it would not be safe for me to be pregnant on such a large dose therefore my neurologist reduced my Epilim dose to 500g twice a day and introduced Keppra 500mg twice a day. Thankfully my son was born healthy. Next week I am planning to start to come of Epilim gradually due to constant tiredness, irritability and agitation that is made worse from being on two medications. Will just be on Keppra, hope it works as I have been seizure free for 2 1/2 years. I have juvenile myocolonic epilepsy, and I have had epilepsy for 14 years but have only been controlled for 2 1/2 years Lamictal was a waste of time.
I started Trulicity 3 weeks ago and have not experienced any noticeable side effects. That said, I have been following a very strict low carb diet that has been predominantly vegan. I have a feeling that carb rich foods and heavy animal protein foods exacerbate the GI side effects. I am also on 2000 mg of metformin. I have heard that GI side effects are horrible with glucose lowering drugs but I suspect it has A LOT to do with what people are eating....
So I just switched to this method of bc from my old one Reclipsen and I must say it is excellent!!!! I 'M losing weight I have 0 appetite I eat occasionally not too much snacking 
I 've dealt anxiety since I was a child but never sought help until it became very serious and my job and relationships were being affected. I was prescribed clonazepam and instructed to only take it when necessary. It has worked wonderfully for me and for once in a long time, I actually felt genuinely calm and relaxed, and my perspectives towards things that would bother me on a normal day changed completely (I was able to rationalise things better and get over problems quickly). The first hour or so after taking clonazepam is torture though as I would usually feel very drowsy and dazed. After that, as long as I eat properly, the drowsiness goes away and the pill will work wonders.
In the UK Sildenafil is 
Day 4.I have already noticed changes.Pros:- no desire to cry- clear headed thought process- no mood swings/feel balanced(have not had any mood swings since day 2. I usually had them like 4x within an hr)- no angry outbursts or negative/hurtful comments towards people- decrease in paranoia- no longer feeling personally attacked by othersCons:- trouble sleeping - teensy bit jittery - itchy(not much)- definitely nauseous - trouble passing stool but not constipated - slight lightheadedness/ dizziness This is only day4 going on 5 so i am thinking my brain&amp;body need time to adjust &amp;balance out. So far i feel mentally, so much better. In control,i would say. Only odd thing i noticed was random laughing. But hey I 'm not complaining!
I work for a large Fire Department.  I was having a tough time with some bad calls.  No sleep, always feeling like I 'm in trouble, like I 'm drowning and no one can help me.  My doctor put me on Celexa and life came back.  I worry about the things I need to be worried about and don 't stress about the things that shouldn 't stress me.  I feel &quot;normal&quot; again.  I believe it saved my career.
I have been on Loestrin 24 for about 7 months now and everything was fine until the 5th month. I 've had dark spotting, bad cramps and cystic acne on my back. Has made me feel anxious and hungry almost all the time, have gained weight, bad cramps and worse part is I have my period every 2 weeks for about 5 days and it is heavy. I feel depressed, have mood swings, some hair loss. Doctor has switched me to Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo and I will see how that goes.
I 've tried roughly a dozen different medications for depression with little to no effect. Some have actually made me feel much worse. Lamotrigine 's effect is relatively minor, but more significant than any other medication I 've tried. It makes me feel more talkative and enables me to actually enjoy things. My mood still fluctuates quite a bit and on a bad day it has little effect, but the improvement it adds to my good days is very noticeable verse without it. It also helps my social anxiety.Important to note though that it 's next to useless for me when used alone. It 's improvements only apply when taken with a serotonergic medication. (I take it venlafaxine and mirtazapine).
I started taking prozac in April of 2016 for anxiety and depression. It took about a month to actually start working. I feel better going into public and don 't freak out and go into the bathroom. I 'm still depressed but its improved so much. It gave me side effects like lose of appetite. I lost 10 pounds my first month taking it and I was always tired but had trouble falling asleep. Another negative is if I miss it a day I have painful headaches and lash out on everyone and treat them terrible.
Reduced burning significantly
It was very effective &amp; I didn 't experience ANY weight gain (I lost weight). My periods were short/light &amp; it was nice not having to remember to take the pill everyday. I DID experience more PMS (also known as random crying), tiredness, dizziness, and light bleeding between periods. I heard your body starts to adjust to these symptoms after a while though, but I got too nervous about not getting my period every month, so I switched back to the pill. If you 're on the fence, remember, every person is different, so why not give it try? It 's only for 3 months at a time. You can always switch back to normal birth control if you have any issues.
I 've been taking Savella for a little over 3 months.  I have to admit, the painful episodes of Fibro have been minimized but, when I do have one, they are more extreme then before taking the medication.  Will talk to Doctor about dosage.  I am currently on 50 mg twice a day and I am scared to take more as I also have the sweats and they last for up to 3 hours.
Its early days but I have over the last 12 months tried mirtazapine and citalpram. I 'm currently on a low dose but I suspect my GP will want to up my dose.
So I decided to try nexplanon BC you don 't have to remember to take any pills... Well problem is I have been on my period for 3 months straight and its still going strong. I have had to take more migraine meds these past 3 months than I have in my lifetime (I 'm 28).  I went through more pads and tampons than I ever imagined possible. Men always joke and say how could a woman bleed for 7 days and still be alive. Well I have now been bleeding for over 90 days and I feel like  I 'm dying. I haven 't removed it BC it cost so much to get put in and I really don 't want to get pregnant. :(   I have felt depressed. I am so emotional to the point where if I wake up tomorrow and  still bleeding, I might just cry. LolLost 15 pounds though :)
I have been on Paxil for over 20 years.   I always hoped something better would come along, i.e., without side effects of weight gain and dry mouth.  I have most of my back teeth crowned and have lost a few and have implants.  It 's a choice.  Nothing is benign, but I have found this is the only medication that I can tolerate, and it does help.  So, I guess I will stick it out and see.  Good medication, not so good side effects. 
Was on Lexapro after the death of my mom, I didn 't like the sexual side effects so I was switched to Wellbutrin, it made me hungry all the time but did work for a few months then suddenly stopped and I was worse than before. I went back on the Lexapro and am doing much better with the anxiety and depression. As for side effects, I would rather deal with those then anxiety and depression any day.
I have been in pain management for almost a year now, before was just being treated by a variety of different doctors. Primary, Nuerologist, Nerve Experts and so on...Finally asked for referral to Pain Management for injection therapy. I have been on every pain medicine out there. I have a bulging disc between c4 and c5, occipital neuralgia, and severe right sciatic nueropathy in my right leg below my knee. Now I am on 50 mg of Fentanyl every 48 hours and was told by doctor to leave old patch on when I put on the new one at bedtime and remove old one in morning because it takes about 8-12 hours before the medicines from the patch are fully in your system. Have to use Tegaderm Films to keep patch on but it seems to work okay. Have Vicodin for breakthrough.
I have been on this almost a month. It doesn 't seem to work everyday. And the side effects are not so good either. I get headaches, yawning, can 't sleep, and if I forget to take it that day my belly hurts really bad and I feel like throwing up. But I am giving it a little more time to get my body used to it. I hope I can find a better medicine or something.
After years on Lisinipril, it failed.  My cardiologist put me on several different medications before I was put on Azor.  Generics don 't seem to work well for me and Azor works well.  My bp is lower than it 's ever been.  My only complaint is the cost!  It 's outragious.  What to do? It works.
Good for treating post-meal blood sugar spikes.
I was prescribed two 500mg pills to get rid of trich. I went to the doctor at 1:30 &amp; left about 3. Maybe an hour or 2 later I had horrible diarrhea! My cycle came on a couple days later &amp; now the scent is back with a discharge. Did the diarrhea have an effect on the pill?
After taking Letrozole for about 6mths I had the aching muscles etc, felt like a 90yr old! Then did a lot of research!..take your calcium and MAGNESIUM (which is a muscle relaxant) it is amazing, no more aching bones! I take 2 magnesium a day, one in the morning and one an hour before I go to bed. Don 't take at same time as your calcium, wait a couple of hours!  Read up about this brilliant supplement! It also gives u energy etc etc...i seriously thought about stopping taking Letrozole but along with the adcal and Magnesium I feel great! Also I get these on prescription!
when taken with an antacid, I sleep like a baby. No waking up with my dinner in my throat or lungs. Not tired during the day. Great stuff for a person who refuses to take drugs..
I have been taking this pill for almost a week the only side effect I 've had is increase of my breast size (I 'm totally ok with this) and my sex drive actually increased
I have been on Contrave since mid-Dec  '14. I weigh every 3 months and in March 2015, I had lost 40 lbs. I wish it was a lot more but I know slow weight loss is the best way to assist in keeping it off. I eat approx 500 calories/day and have one &quot;cheat&quot; day where I eat whatever I want. I have found on those &quot;cheat&quot; days, I can not even begin to eat the amount I used to eat. Now part of that is from lower intake of food, but the Contrave does make me feel fuller even on normal days. I have found that the hunger/appetite comes back and then will go away few times each month. When I was ramping up, it did make me nauseous and I can 't stand to be nauseous but I got through it. Worse side effect right now is a horrible bitter taste after sleeping
This prep works. But getting it down is awful. A bitter, bitter taste comes after each swallow.  My pharmacist told me that there are less expensive preps that work just as well. I paid $70. Colonoscopy went fine (10-15-13) and I was relieved it was over.....but  now I am experiencing loss of taste for some foods and beverages. Searched online and found evidence of that happening. It has only been 4 days since procedure. I hope time will help to bring back sensory taste.
I 've taken Septra DS before (with no side effects), but for some reason this time it is different! It has given me severe insomnia!! Very odd and super frustrating. Also has caused me a lot of nausea but doctor prescribed Zofran (also known as the miracle medicine for nausea), so that 's better. Also feel a bit &quot;out of it&quot; and lethargic. One last strange symptom it 's causing me is &quot;urinary hesitancy.&quot; Had no idea there was such a thing until I spoke to my dr about it. Hoping these symptoms resolve or I may need to switch medicines, as only half way through this 10-day treatment.
Hello eveyone I am a 31 year old female 198 was my starting weight on October 27,2016, 6 days later I 'm down 11 pounds! I gave up coca cola drinking lots of water and eating smaller portions!!
I got this medicine because I couldn 't take the pill at the same time every day. I 've had unprotected sex with my boyfriend, so in that sense it works great! For my period it 's different. I stopped taking my pill because for a few weeks before I got the insert, I didn 't have my period for months before but not too far behind getting the insert I finally started! But now its been 2-3 weeks and I still haven 't stopped. It slowed way down and got lighter and I 'd stop for a day or two but then it got heavier after that. Also, my cramps are horrible now and my lower backs been in pain for about 2 weeks now. I 'm not sure if these are because of the Nexplanon or because of something else.
I had my IUD placed 1 year ago to the day, and overall I like it a lot better than taking a pill everyday but I have had some side effects that I believe are from the Mirena. I have gained about 15 lbs since the placement of my IUD. I thought that maybe it was just because I wasn 't breastfeeding anymore and everything was just catching up from post delivery but after reading the other reviews I believe its from my IUD. I have also had some problems with acne I NEVER had acne not even as a teenager but I guess those are just a few problems I will deal with as time goes on to prevent pregnancy. Overall I would definitely recommend everyone to at least try it because everyone is different.
I have had this condition for 3.5 years now and no diagnosis as why it 's happening. Epidurals, narcotics, Tramadol, Lyrica don 't seem to work for the &quot;painful tingles&quot;. Gabapentin helps with that, but my pain is still acute. The numbness over my right rib cage is nearly unbearable. 12 doctors want to ease the pain, but no one wants to find out WHY! Plus, they are not very good at easing the pain. Now they want to put a neural stimulator in me and if it 's anything like a TENS machine, all it will do is irritate me. I will not go off the Gabapentin until my diagnosis. The side effect of not being able to remember words really bothers me.
Well I got this implant after I have my daughter in October 2014 this implant has been very good but sometimes it makes me nauseated and I get really bad headaches and I get dizzy.  As far as my  period goes I do not get any and if I do it 's spots (brown ones) I like this implant so far I 've had it almost all whole year it is great! Different people body react to it differently. Sometimes I felt like I was pregnant and it felt like I could feel feet moving inside but it was nothing just weird thing but I would recommend it
I was injured at work and out for a few weeks. I still haven 't had an MRI so when the doctor prescribed me this drug I was hesitant. I felt results on the first day of treatment. I was mobile again and I thought I was cured. By the end of the pack the pain started to come back. 
I have been taking Latuda for about 6 months for bipolar disorder. I was taking just Seroquel but had breakthrough anxiety and depression, so my psychiatrist added Latuda. It definitely has helped with my depression and anxiety. My big issue is I can only tolerate 10mg/day. Anything more than that and I have severe insomnia. Also, having to take it with 350 calories is a pain. I take it at lunch time. 10mg dose does not make me sleepy. I would warn anybody taking this medication to be careful when stopping it. I abruptly stopped it a few weeks ago and sunk into the worst, deepest, most God awful depression of my life. After a week, I started back on the Latuda and 6 days back on it, I 'm feeling better.
I have been on Trileptal for a little over a year. I was taking 1200mg/day. On the flipside, the symptoms of dizziness and double vision I had about an hour after I took the medicine I just dealt with because the medicine worked so great in stabilizing my moods. These two side effects never lessened.  I am Bipolar 1 with one major depressive episode. I also take Welbutrin. I am being taken off the medicine slowly due to acute hyponatremia which hospitalized me for 3 days. I took Tegretol prior to the Trileptal. I loved the Tegretol but wanted to change because there were less potential side effects with the Trileptal which is now very ironic. I will be starting Lamictal when the Trileptal is completely out of my system.
I began taking Amitiza twice a day in 2007 and like others in this room swore by Zelnorm.  My experience has been great, although it seems I need to stop taking it for a few days every 4 to 6 months to reboot, so to speak, as it begins to diminish effectiveness.  I 'm curious if the extra long colon plays into our problems?  I deal with this as well.
Today is day one of the rest of my life.  That is what I keep telling myself.  I 'm a little nauseated and my joints kind of hurt a little.  I 'm a lot more tired than I thought I would be but from what I have read that will pass.  I am not sure when I should be taking the medication though.  I will keep everyone posted on my progress and hopefully in a week or so I will be singing the praises of this medication.
I started out slowly at 25mg. on Topiramate for migraine prevention since I was getting 2-4 a week. The morning after I took my first dose my diet coke tasted flat, and I opened 3 other cans thinking there must be something wrong with the case of soda I bought, refusing to believe that the side effect of making carbonated drinks taste flat could start after just one dose, but it did. Within 72 hours I began having eye pressure and weird eye pain, I was concerned and saw an ophthalmologist, one of the adverse effects of the med. is glaucoma, but everything was fine. When I increased to 50 mg./day I was so THIRSTY all the time. At 150mg. Migraines were decreased, but I was cognitively impaired with hair loss. Lost 8 lbs. after starting 150 mg
Chantix is A TRUE LIFE SAVER! I have smoked for 28 years. Always enjoyed smoking, and didn 't even think of quitting until my Doctor told me about Chantix. She said 60% of her patients quit smoking with Chantix and that I should give it a try. With my husbands urging, I decided to try it. It started working right from the beginning. The first week you are allowed to smoke while taking the medication. I wasn 't enjoying it as much. When my stop date came, I felt ready. I didn 't stress, didn 't become a raging maniac, and didn 't cheat at all! Aside from the 2 minutes of nausea, I truly enjoyed the feeling of being able to fight the urge. The hardest thing for me, was the thought process. Once I said no to that, I was free! Chantix, I love you!
I 'm a healthy 33 year old male. I have been taking 200mg of Zoloft for over 10 years for depression and my sex drive and erections have been getting weaker and weaker. I decided to ask my doctor and was prescribed 5mg of Cialis for daily use. I took the pill as soon as I got home. My girlfriend came over 2 hours later and I had one of the best erections since I was a teenager!!! I couldn 't believe it!!!! The erection lasted long enough for her to &quot;finish&quot; and then I started going soft. I 'm sure it will take a few days before it reaches maximum effectiveness. I am so surprised and the immediate results. I was really losing hope. I experienced minor muscle pain and a slight headache, but I hear these go away after continued use. I 'm so happy!
I am currently on my first pack of Ortho Tri-Cyclen and am not sure whether this is the pill I will stay with or not. I definitely noticed a big change in my irritability while taking this, and my mom even confirmed that my personality has been affected. I have also been worried that it has made me gain a little weight, or just made it harder for me to lose weight this month. I started taking levothyroxine at the same time, and really should be losing weight. Also, I have noticed a change for the worse in my hair and my nails- so...that seems like a lot of side effects. I was staying on the Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo because I have been reading that it takes up to 3 months for the side effects to go away.
Well if you want to be totally awake, 200mg is the way to go. Doctor started me on 100mg twice a day then moved me to 200mg twice today. Definitely awake now. Sometimes I feel like I should be asleep but just can 't. I 'll probably go back to 100mg twice a day. At least now, I don 't fall asleep anytime I stop moving for 5 minutes.
Severe infection of tooth roots over a holiday weekend sent me to ER. Extreme pain prevented sleeping. ER prescribed Tramadol, which was completely usless. Dentist following Monday morning prescribed the acetaminophen/codeine with penicillin,  also ibuprofen for in between pain. So far it 's been good enough to allow me to sleep some. Unfortunately because of he idiots on the streets stealing and selling/abusing Vicodin and other stronger opiates the Dr 's are extremely conservative now when prescribing pain meds.
When I apply Abreva at the very first tingle, it drastically reduces the amount that the cold sore grows to, and reduces my healing time in half. (Without Abreva, my cold sores usually last about 2 weeks from initial tingle to completely healed, and with Abreva only one week.)I get twice yearly outbreaks. Abreva would be more worth it if it were not so over priced.
I could never get to sleep as long as I have remembered. I 'll get to bed around 2 and fall asleep around 5 or 6 and I wouldn 't call it sleep anyway. I have been taking Ambien for 2-3 months and sleep fine. Much better than other medicines I 've used for insomnia. No hangover the next day just groggy for 30 minutes or so.
Makes you feel worse for the first few days but the side affects start to wear off. On my 4 th day still got a little light head and a bit anxious but I feel so much better than what I did 4 days ago! Can get up and get dressed and do what I need to do. Taking your mind off it will make you feel better, constantly thinking about it will make you more anxious. Think positive:) overall I feel better than I did before, can 't wait until it takes the full effect.
I have tried a few birth controls and so far I love Loestrin Fe 24. I didn 't gain much weight but from talking to one of my doctors I found any birth control will make you gain weight, any time you start messing with a girls hormones you will gain weight. I don 't have a period anymore my doctor said it was normal. I have friends on it who say they love it and they usually only get their period for about 2 days and no mood swings. I think the only thing I don 't like is if you try to lose weight while you are on it its very, very hard.
I have been taking generic Prozac 20 mg for 17 days now, 10mg for 10 days before that. I have been reading all of the comments and am starting to have hope! My anxiety has increased a lot since I started this, I take ativan when needed, which is every day! Other than the daily panic attacks I don 't seem to have any side affects which is great! I 've been thinking that maybe this drug is not for me but after reading other people experiences I will ride it out and hope that everything works out after I 'm on it for 6-8 weeks. Hoping and praying it does cause I need my life back!
Have been on amoxicillin for a long time.  Twice when I tried to quit it, exactly on the 10th day of being off it, I ended up with a bad urinary tract infection. So amoxicillin was very effective in holding off urinary tract infections for me.
I take a 10 mg pill before bedtime. I sleep like a rock and am foggy half of the next day. The pain is relieved only for the next day or so.
I have been on Seroquel for over 5 years, with varying doses ranging from 50 mg/day to 400 mg/day, for treatment resistent depression initially and bipolar disorder II recently, and it 's been a gift from God. It doesn 't cause the terrible inner restlessness that older antipsychotics or newer ones like Geodon, Risperdal, and Latuda produce, and it 's effective against bipolar depression. I would give it a 10, but the side effects can be hard to deal with (drowsiness, tachycardia, BP changes).
I 've been on Ortho Evra since August of 2011, and so far, I really like it.  I 'm not using it just for birth control, but also for period control.  Before going on the Patch, my periods would last 10 to 11 days (3 days of heavy to moderate bleeding, then spotting for 7 to 8 days).  Thanks to Ortho Evra, my periods are now only 6 days (3 days of heavy to moderate bleeding, then 3 days of spotting).  That is seriously a miracle for me!  Also, I have less period cramps than before (although my pre-patch period cramps were never really anything to complain about).  Besides this, my breasts have also grown bigger (which my boyfriend loves).  Although, I have experienced some negative side effects too.  My breasts were REALLY tender for the first 2 months, but this has mostly gone away.  Sometimes, on my Patch change days in September and October, I would feel a little bit nauseous or lightheaded, but I think this may have been partially or completely psychological.  Also, sometimes, even when I 'm not near my period, I will experience very mild cramping.  But these are all side effects that I can live with.  The only thing I really don 't like about this medication is that it lowered my alcohol tolerance and made me more susceptible to hangovers.  But in the end, I 'd rather throw up from a hangover than from morning sickness.  Overall, I 'd recommend this medication.
I 've been on the NuvaRing for several years, and because it 's so expensive I 'm switching to an IUD. Side effects have been very mild, such as slight decrease in vaginal lubrication, occasional vaginal irritation, and slight decrease in sex drive. It was overall a positive experience, but it costs so much and I 'm hoping the lower hormone doses in an IUD will boost my sex drive a bit.
I was on revigeon pill before for me it was awful I was moody 24/7. Everything and everyone just annoyed me. My family and boyfriend said I 'd changed alot!! After 3 months of this stress I finally told my doctor and he put me on yasmin which was for me amazing. I 've been on yas for about a month now! I found myself much happier and I felt myself again.
I have been on Plaquenil for two months to treat newly diagnosed RA.  The duration and intensity of the flares have been reduced, but I am still suffering with aches and swelling in my small joints and elbows.  I have had mild nausea and am having my eyes monitored by my optometrist.
I 've recently come off yasmin due to reading about the increased risk of blood clots. However I was on it for a number of years and had an OK experience with it. The positives were I had no headaches (I had excruciating migraines with marvelon) and my skin was perfect - only the occasional spot before my period similar to what it was like on diannette. However the bad side effects for me were weight gain, I put on roughly half a stone which no matter what I couldn 't shift and I was tired all the time. I also had zero sex drive.I 'd recommend trying yasmin if you 're concerned about acne and particularly if you 're looking to come off diannette. However as I say it 's not perfect and everyone reacts differently.
Been on trintellix for bout three months. Last month sobbing has stopped but I 'm having vision disturbances. I started at 5 mg then went to ten. From ten to twenty and my head hurt so bad backed down to ten again. The vision issue is still there along with profuse sweating and breakthrough anxiety. Been through so many different antidepressants I 'm afraid of what will happen if I hafta go through another drug change. It 's been a nightmare.
I have been taking clonidine for at least 7 years and still have sedative side effects at the dose of 0.2 mg twice a day.
Effective in keeping me awake but causes some anxiety, insomnia if taken too late in the day and tremendous muscle weakness making running almost impossible!
I have found the Nucynta ER 150 mg to work well on my  Reflex sympathetic dystrophy (RSD) (or Complex Regional Pain Syndrome -  CRPS) in conjunction with a compound medication to give it a little extra kick, but it does not touch my severe arthritis pain I have in my ankle joints.
I think its great. I was skeptical when my doctor prescribed it to me, as it is so unfamiliar to me, especially as a pain medicine. I thought I had tried everything. It is for chronic back pain due to a severe spinal injury I suffered two years and 3 surgeries ago. My pain has been steadily decreasing since I started taking this medication four days ago. Thank Science.
I have had bacterial vaginitis many times now. The pill is usually effective, I just get BV very frequently. In order to counteract the taste of the pill, I always place it near the back of my mouth, swallow it with milk and eat a couple of crackers afterward. This completely diminishes the horrible taste, if you 've got to take this pill, take it with milk and crackers!
I can 't believe it 's not on the market any more!
I took Soriatane for about four months until my hair started falling out.  Although, Soriatane cleared 80% my moderate Psoriasis, I did not want to lose more hair.While taking Soriatane my lips became very dry and cracked, peeling skin on feet and loss of hair.  It was effective in clearing the Psoriasis.
I have adult adhd and major depression. I have taken Adderall for the past 4 years and suffered from drop off in the evening. I tried Lexapro, Wellbutrin, and Cymbalta, and Effexor. Pristiq is by far the best and has made a significant improvement in the quality of my life.
My doctor prescribed duloxetine (generic Cymbalta) a little over a week ago for fibromyalgia. The pain was relieved the first day. I had dizziness and some nausea but have lost 10 pounds and am pain free for the first time in a very long time. So far, amazing results for me.
It really worked for me, but I became sick when I started the 1mg pills. Also waking up at 1am in the morning and being up until I had to go to work was horrible.  Those were the two worst side effects for me.  I did have a lot more side effects, but not too bad considering I was a 14 year smoker and within three weeks just didn 't want to smoke anymore.  I know they tell you to be ready to quit on the eight day, but I smoked until I slowly didn 't want that first one in the morning, the one on the way to work, etc.  That was the best thing because no one is enforcing a quit date on you.
I had my implant inverted Sept 2013 so I 've had it just a couple days over two years. I 've experienced very infrequent periods (I never had one until about 11 months after the insertion) but when I have them they 're like normal flow, but oh the pain! Doubled over with cramps I can 't even get out of bed. Thankfully this only happens every few months and it only lasts about an hour or so. I 've gained a lot of weight after having the implant (maybe I 'm just looking for something to blame lol) but I 've managed to loose some by exercising but I am no where near the weight I once was. I definitely recommend the implant insertion is so easy and quick! And you don 't even notice it in your arm until you feel for it.
Quite effective. Reduces alertness level drastically.
Currently on the toilet with horrible diarrhea! I took four last night, felt like I needed to throw up but made it through the night, but woke up still in pain! I guess it 's what we deserve for having sex without protection :/ Bad pain. Bad diarrhea. Bad experience. But it 's still treatment so.
I used to use monistat 7 (name brand worked better for me for some reason, I did try generic more than once and had it come right back)  I started to become allergic to it. It went from the &quot;mild burning/stinging/itching&quot; that 's the normal &quot;it 's working&quot; to the full on allergic reaction where I had to sit on a bag of ice... I tried clotrimazole and had the same reaction (a LITTLE less so but I did sit on ice for this one too) My dr couldn 't get me in for almost a week (which is rare cause usually they can squeeze me in) so I tried this (currently on first day) This reminds me of the mild stinging I had when I first used monistat. perfectly fine and felt normal. I am skeptical of a 1 day treatment of a &quot;topical&quot; treatment though.
Been taking this birth control pill for about 3 years now. I had no problems or side effects until about 6 months ago. I started having breakthrough once a month every month. It was so annoying. I am starting a new pack next month, Apri.
Cialis is a good ED med. I usually take 1/2 of a daily pill per day for three days. Then it seems to be most effective a couple of days later. I 've found I need to consider both cost and side effects when deciding how much to take and how often. I am on Medicare disability so I have NO coverage and cannot use any discount coupons, however my doctor gives me sample packs of the &quot;daily use&quot; Cialis as I need them.Mostly I it works, which is nice. Adding a low dose (1/2 pill) of Levitra does the rest for what is needed for sex and I notice no side effects. Good luck! Cialis can give you leg cramps if you take too much but they don 't last long like some cramps.
I was on put on Testim because there is apparently a link between people taking opioid pain medications and a loss of testosterone production.  I didn 't wash my arms before I applied it and used 5g a day and I was right in the target zone.  I didn 't like my shrunken testicles nor did I like the stickiness nor having to rub it in.  So I stopped using it and was fine for a bit but again dropped below the target.  So I started again but washed my arms prior to applying and found that it shot my way over the range.  I didn 't initially make the connection between the two so now I am trialing using 1/2 tub a day which eliminates the sticky feeling, easier to rub in and the non-decaying 1/2 life is a huge plus and I only smell it when I apply it.
No side effects,only stayed on it for 30 days, seemed to be doing a pretty good job of keeping blood levels around 110, reason I dropped it was because my insurance does not cover it and it 's REALLY expensive, $3.50 t0 $4.00 bucks a pill.
I 've been on Ativan for almost a month and at times I feel like my anxiety has diminished and other times it sticks around. Initially it worked great, however I had to increase my dose so now I 'm not certain if I will be able to continue taking this medicine.
I have been using &quot;Penlac&quot; since May 2011 and have found that my toenail has been Feeling and Looking a lot healthier since the treatment. I was very surprised at how fast I saw a difference.  It was however very expensive.  I am very satisfied at the results and well worth the price of a nice Nail.
I just started this medication on June 12 starting weight is 184 I am down to 179 already. My primary doctor advised that I do the name brand of the medication for the first month and than the following two months I have the choice of generic or name brand. Like most I have tried all the fad diets and pills and spent countless money on stuff that just did not work. Now Medical I have RLS (restless leg syndrome) and I have not had a problem with this medication effect the medication I take for that. Only real side effect I have seen so far is dry mouth even though I am drinking anywhere from 64oz water or more a day. I have increase energy which is great. I will update more results as they come. Also my insurance does cover some of the cost.
I got Skyla put in on December 1st,  I don 't have children so I was a little nerves about this since they had to open my cervix. I got to the appointment and waited about 15 minutes top before called back, It didn 't take long to get everything started. I wasn 't on my period because I was coming off the depo which I had been on for 6 years. It was the worse pain I 've every experienced in my life, I got very light headed and thought I was going to pass out, the nurse had to bring in paper towels to put over my head. I laid there for about 30 minutes before getting up to leave. Only side affect for me is I cramp really bad for two days after inter course with my husband. Does this happen to anyone else??
My wife is 20 years younger than myself. I am 70. Since my prostate problem which was treated with external beam radiation 5 years ago I have had erectile dysfunction problems. I have tried Viagra bought with a prescription which did work but gave me a sick stomach for days after. So now I am looking forward to trying Cialis.
It has eased chronic pain in my neck and shoulder.
Felt better than I had in years, but major weight gain caused my doctor to discontinue.
When I saw this website and read multiple experiences, I saw that I was and am not alone. I have a wonderful boyfriend who is still putting up with me and my god-awful self for a few months. Although I have only been on Tri-Sprintec for a week, it is one of the hardest weeks of my life. I feel like I have every side effect. For example, I am constantly nauseated and always have a headache. And, in addition, I literally cry for no reason. My hair is shedding more than it ever has before, and my outlook on life has changed from optimistic to pessimistic. 
Two big toes infected, 1 year and &gt; 10 years. Whole nail rotting on both. One month on Jublia so far. Looking clear now, and just need to see how they grow out. The first week of Jublia my feet were immersed in water many hours a day in neoprene booties while kayaking.  I think that helped to kill the fungus, and allowed the medication to deeply penetrate the nail. I also used a pedicure tool to keep all areas of the cuticle and under the nail clean. I put the medication on once a day, never missing a day, after a good soak in water.
Temazepam has worked well for me for several year, but it has caused me on a few occasions to do some strange things. One morning I got up and flipped out the blankets to make the bed, and about 2 dozen choc chip cookies flew out. I have no memory of going down the stairs to the kitchen to get them or eating them. I have now switched over to Ambien, it works nicely, but you better be in the bed when you take it, because it works really fast. The funniest was not long ago I woke up in the morning and there was stuck to the front of my PJ shirt a large tbsp of a sticky sweet something, I got up and there was a bowl upside down on the carpet, had some candy, marshmallow, had been melted, so I had used the stove in a trance ... Scary.
I started Lexapro for major anxiety and moderate depression. I 'm on 6 weeks and finally feeling better. I am more energized and motivated than ever. Because of my bad anxiety, I went from 5mg, to 10mg, and then to 20mg. It 's been a long battle but I am feeling hopeful again and want to do things! The anxiety is still barely there. The depression is gone! I can 't wait until I see the full effects at around 2 months.
Definitely works, but definitely gave me diarrhea, and fast.
Overall as a birth control it did its job, me and my husband never used a back up birth control, and in the year and a half I was on it, I didn 't get pregnant. The reason I 'm only giving it an 8 is because around the time I was getting my period, I would go insane. Crying a lot...yelling, getting really angry for no reason. I had a low sex drive while I was taking it but other than that it got rid of my terrible cramps, and my acne cleared up a lot also. I just switched to Apri so we will see how that goes.
I was on this for a little over one month. Took 15 mg per day. It greatly reduced my anxiety, but I experienced nausea about an hour after I took this. It 's a great medication but my body could not get used to the side effects.
My life has been a disaster.  Recently diagnosed with bipolar, spent most of my life aware of something wrong, but unaware of what it was and mostly unaware of how I affected others.  Started citalopram a year ago, and caught fleeting glances of my condition. Then figured out that why my life has been such a bucket of poo, even though on paper I had accomplished a great deal.  No matter what I did, where I went, the sick I was always there.  Have tried other cures but they didn 't work as well as citalopram.  Lithium helped some.  Others left my mouth dry (very bad for the teeth), gave me headaches, and made my heart race.  So here I am,  having to cuddle with a dragon and a psychic one at that.
I used Vagistat last night and it is now the following morning. It has definitely helped to the degree that it 's not all I think about. I would recommend this to anyone.
Have been using it for about 2 years, no problems light period, no weight gain but I didn 't realize my lack of sex drive until I got off of it. Only reason it even happened was because I switched insurance and wasn 't able to fill it in before I switched.
40 y/o male diagnosed with Bladder Outlet Obstruction. The doctor put me on Rapaflo as a last medication effort for bladder retention. The number of time I have to go during the day has went from 7 to 3-4 times a day. Flow is unbelievably better. Like the other reviews have said the main drawback is the retrograde ejaculation. The strange thing is it comes and goes depending on the time of day.
I suffer from chronic constipation and then severe diarrhea. I had to take the golytely for a colonosopy. It was awful!! They told me to start taking laxatives on Friday.I had to take  2 on Friday,  Saturday and 2, 2 hours before the prep. So I only had 3 glasses before it happened! Lol! The directions said to stop once the stool was clear. It worked very well I only had to drink half if it (thank god!) I had severe nausea and close to emesis each time I had to drink that foul drink! I will never do it again they better get what they need!
I was prescribed 50mg and the first time I took it this way WAY too high of a dosage. I felt drowsy for the entire day the next day like I was on drugs. I was prescribed this a few months go and I still have a many pills left because I only take it when I feel like I won 't be able to sleep and I cut the pill in half so that it 's only 25mg. I usually sleep like a baby but it is really hard to wake up. If I take it on the weekend I end up sleeping about 10 hours. I still feel pretty drowsy with 25mg but it wears off by the middle of the day.
I have been on the Implanon for the 3 allowed years now. My periods are completely random and have zero sex drive. No weight gain besides my own body 's growth has come from the pill. Overall it is a decent and easy form of birth control and very effective. I will be having it removed today but not replaced, plan on switching to a different form.
I got my Implanon inserted when I was 18. It 's been a little over a year with it and I 'd say the only side effect I have is mood swings and bad back pains, it 's everyday. Also I haven 't really had periods and when I do it 's usually spotting and last for four to five days most of the time it doesn 't show. Eating wise I 'd say I do get hungry a lot but I 've always been that way no weight gain. When I got it first inserted I actually lost weight. Me and my boyfriend have been together since I 've put it on and sex drive is still the same if not better. I guess the birth control just depends on your body because my sister also got it but she got it shortly taken out because she would have periods for weeks. I 'd recommend it.
I have stoped taking glucophage 3 mounths ago and i have gained 3kg please help
After taking it for two months I noticed some hair loss and problems with my contact lenses. It only got worse after taking it for seven months. I 'm discontinuing it. I 'm losing too much hair and I want to go back to using my contact lenses.
Paxil saved my life.  I was depressed and could not climb out.  Tried Effexor but it made my heart beat rapidly and made me really nervous.  Paxil has been amazing.  I feel like a regular person.  I have highs and lows, but the lows aren 't as low as they used to be... and they only occur when there is a real reason to be sad.  The Bad: the withdrawal symptoms are horrible!  I didn 't try to get off Paxil, but I forgot it once on a vacation trip.  Got very light headed, dizzy, and I had the &quot;zaps.&quot;  It was like being shocked at random moments.  I 'll probably never get off Paxil... but it is worth it.  My quality of life improved in the last 3 years and it is worth any long term effect this drug has on me.
been on 20 mg in the morning for five days. My doc prescribed it for depression. It did work in the way that after a couple of days I started feeling motivated and could get up from bed. Did enjoy doing things this week. Have a bit of headache and also today I noticed I was feeling very drowsy almost to the point if getting of the car as I was unable to drive. But I take clonazepam and buprenorphine for maintenance treatment of addiction, so don 't know how is interacting with these meds and therefore my drowsiness. So far so good, but if I keep feeling drowsy will have to discontinue. Keep positive!!
Flecainide has controlled the a-fib, but I have a constantly cold nose and my mouth feels like I 've had lidocaine sprayed like before dental work.  Some days it 's worse than other days.  I take 100 mg twice a day with 25mg metropolol.  After two cardioversions, I 'm willing to give flecainide a chance.  I 've been taking it for six months and hope the side effects don 't get worse with time.
I have been on this pill for approximately 6 months now and I am pleased with it. It is the first pill that I have experienced and I am not pregnant yet thank goodness. I definitely do get a lot moodier when it 's close to the end of my pack and I do occasionally have break through bleeding about half way through my pack but so far it has been fine. I will continue to use this until I get any other problems.
I have pneumonia in both lungs for the second time in 35 days. I was hospitalized this time though, so it 's definitely worse the the first illness.The only side effect I 've noticed is nausea. If I drink water quickly, I immediately feel the need to throw up. Problem is that I 'm always thirsty. I am home now thank goodness, still sick but I have what I need. I left AMA because I 've got four kids with Christmas on their brains. Hopefully my pills will do the trick.
After taking 150 mlg or 75 ir morning and 75 ir afternoon I feel better, my anxiety has dropped and my depression is better, not 100% but I 'm happy with the results.  At first my anxiety felt like it increased at times and the VA would not put me on benzo 's so I toughed it out and feel better in between the anxiety spikes, but I do like the med it works for me.  Good luck
I have been on amantadine intermittently for years to deal with the &quot;viral&quot; component of my Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.  I took 200 mg daily for over 3 years.  It helped me when nothing else would.  I now take it when I feel a viral episode coming on.  Without the drug the viral symptoms (nausea, sick feeling in head and extremities) are much worse.  Often times I have difficulty taking drugs, but Amantadine (to my knowledge) has not presented with any prominent side effects.  It does seem that when on it for extended periods of time the body gets used to it and it becomes less effective.  For that reason, I take it during periods when I need it the most.  I am very thankful for this medicine!
I have been on Contrave for 5 days now. So far have had zero side effects. I 'm 5 '5 and started at 215 lbs. Weighed in this morning at 212 lbs. Have not changed my diet, but I am eating less, not really that hungry, I don 't even think about sweets and when I do I really don 't want them. Will up date when I start week 3.
I have arthritis and have tried many over the counter medicines as Aspirin, Motrin, etc.  These medicines increased my diastolic blood pressure upwards of 30 points.  (I already have high blood pressure).  The doctor then tried Oxycodone and again my BP went significantly up.  Hydrocodone had the same result.  As a last resort for a pain med I was given Demerol (50MG).  No increase in BP and no side effects.  It takes upwards of two hours to kick in but does a good job of numbing pain.  Apparently I am sensitive to all NSAIDS. (Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications).  
Living with polyneuropathy, Fibromyalgia, spinal stenosis and lots of arthritis is difficult. I started on 200 mg twice a day then increased to 300 mg three times a day. I developed a problem with my kidneys, not from Lyrica, and had to decrease the dose to 300 mg twice a day. I have to say that I get little pain relief from this med but do get a feeling of well-being, or contentment. So, I call it my little happy pill. When I miss a dose, I notice I 'm a bit depressed. It 's not an antidepressant but it works that way for me. Thank you
Ive been taking it for three months now and a week after starting it my breast got really sore. I dont know about weight gain but im only getting really tiny pimples which are normally gone by the end of the next day. Doesnt make me dry down there either. Sex drive is normal. I just feel a lot tired and my head hurts occasionally but that might just be the changing weather! Since i havent been taking it for long i think im going to wait two months or so and see how it  treats me :)
I pre-mixed mine with white cherry Gatorade (no reds/purple colors) and let it chill in the fridge. Tasted like salty cherries.  At 6pm I drank my first dose over the course of an hour (it didn 't specify how fast.) Within 30 minutes my bowel movement started. I got ZERO warning it was going to happen. I was on the toilet until almost 11pm. Ugh 4.5 hours. I was able to get off the toilet three times for maybe five minutes. I slept briefly,  starting my second dose at 4am. Bowel movement started at 415am. Its almost 630am and I 'm still on the toilet. My check in time is at 9am so hopefully I can get there without an accident. I didn 't have pain, nausea or vomiting. Just a constant faucet of liquid. Use A&amp;D ointment and wet wipes!
I have taken this medicine for over a year it sure helps with the pain!
This medication was prescribed to help with my insomnia. It was in combination with my antidepressant medication. It did help me sleep, but it was difficult for me to wake up and function normally the next day.
I took this for my  chronic central pain state and it was a very effective pain killer as long as Tapentodol not taken simultaneously, then skin itch develops at low dose of EXTENDED RELEASE (capsule) 100mg nocte and 50mg morning. The itch was severe by time dose increased to 200mg am and nocte but no,other side effects except possible responsible for my delayed circadian Rythm disorder. Waking constantly before 4am sleeping 4-11am so very inconvenient, but others side effect free and a good pain killer.  Remember to check if you have been prescribed the normal tablets or extended release capsules and that pharmacy has given you the correct kind.
I have been taking Seasonique for almost 3 months now and for the most part am very satisfied with it.  The only downfall I 've found so far is weight gain, around 5-10 pounds, which doesn 't seem like much but to a smaller person it makes a huge difference in clothes fitting. Normally I could get this weight off pretty easy but so far that 's not the case.  I haven 't made it to the end of the first pack yet so I 'm hoping this first cycle I have isn 't as bad as what some of these comments say.  I 'm on week 7 and in the last week noticed a tiny bit of spotting, not enough to use a tampon or even a liner.  So far so good best I can tell.  This is still way better than having a period every 28 days.
Was given this by my Rhumey doc.  I have lupus and was having awful time find something to help with pain. This was the one that helped me finally get some relief and let be apart of life again.  I do bloodwork to watch liver and kidneys for this med and another one I am on and in Oct 2015 my liver enzymes spiked and Doc took me off the meloxicam.  He re did blood work a week later and levels were normal again.  Unfortunately, she is reluctant to put me back.  Hopefully can find something to help me fill the void I have without it
I started receiving the deposit injection 6 weeks after giving birth in 2011.  I had one normal period within that first month and haven 't had another since. I didn 't notice any side affects during the time I received this medication. I have recently decided to start trying to conceive and skipped my last dose due 3/6/15. Today is 7/13/15.Just within the last week I have had small amounts of bloody discharge. I 'm nervous about how long it is going to take my body to get back on track. I can hardly wait to have another baby!  During the time I received the deposit injection it did exactly as promised. I will be getting it again after my next pregnancy.
First time in 8-10 years I have been able to comfortably wear dark colored shirts. I have been extremely happy with this medicine. I have a few patches on shin and elbow that won 't clear, but almost everything else is gone. Also, I used to get a lot of mouth ulcers, and now those are gone too.
Rheumatoid Arthritis for 22 years. Misdiagnosis when disease presented, 6 years of damage until correct diagnosis. Damage not able to be reversed. Taking ENBREL. I have tried REMICADE, was in trials for ORENCIA, but ENBREL seems to be the one that works better for me.
This is the only medicine that I have taken without any side effects! I love it! After the initial 2 week period of sleepiness it wears off and does what it 's supposed. I do miss my mania no lie but I know that it wasn 't good for me but it takes most of my depression down and I can enjoy my life. I 've been on Lamictal which did nothing for me except give me horrid night terrors, Risperdal made me lactate, and Seroquel gave me frequent urination. I was so happy after struggling with my insurance that they put me back on the Geodon. Been on it for 2 months.
Helps Ease Tightening Of The Chest And Slows Breathing During Panic Attacks. Chewing Tabs Works Best For Me.
I was started off on a 10mg dose of fluoxetine and had bad nausea so my doctor switched me over to Celexa. I have been on it for a few months and it has helped, I had to be upped to a 20mg dose though. I have a really hard time getting to sleep also. But for the most part I like it. I actually found it increased my sex drive.
I have extensive long-term back damage I will suffer from for the rest of my life. I have been prescribed Norco now for over 2 years and takes my pain level from a 10 to a 7. My body has not yet become immune to the benefits Norco, it offers to relieve my pain even after 2 years. This medicine, combined with aqua therapy, and psychological therapy has made a HUGE improvement to my life.
So far its a day 4 and i wish my doctor would 've told me about the side effects so that i could 've been more prepared. I hate medication and this got to be the worse medication I 've taken. Ive been feeling very loopy here and there, slightly nauseas. Hopefully it works.
Well, it didn 't empty all my bowels, as one replier stated, but, after surgery, and 9 days of no bowel motion...It was the only thing that broke up the &quot;plug&quot; and I 'm thankful for that. Only used two of them in two days, broke up plugs both times, and now I 'm waiting for the &quot;rest of the story&quot;. I 'll try and let you all know.
I have had 7 surgeries, 5 lower back, 2 neck fusions and still have 5 herniated discs in my thoracic spine.  Avinza with 10/325 has been a Godsend. I also have muscle spasm throughout my back at all times.  I have been taking 120mg every 12 hours with the Percocet for breakthrough pain.  Add muscle relaxers and I still had pain but could function.  My biggest problem was my last surgery the hospital didn 't have any so they had to work out an equal dosage of Dilaudid.  It worked but I was far better with my Avinza.  I only wish the hospital would allow you to bring your own, they can administer it. 
I have been severely suicidal for 15 years with no attempts in that time. Just could not escape the repetitive desire to escape my bad depression. Started taking Latuda 4 months ago 80mg and suicidal thoughts have diminished greatly. Problem sleeping now and some twitching doc put me up to 120mg and sleeping only 3 hours a night usually. I am 250 pounds and was 290 before bipolar medicine. Food cravings have pretty much ceased. Amazing thing is even with little sleep I am not having nearly as many haywire thoughts from my schizophrenia as I usually do without much sleep. Actually want to try now. I am back down to 80 mg and think I am going to halve that to 40mg in a week to get sleep back under control. Xanax and unisom are helping for sleep now
It was crazy how much Zoloft really helped me with anxiety &amp; depression. I did stop taking it though because I began to realize after being on it for about 6 months that I felt like I didn 't have feelings anymore about anything. That scared me, so I quit taking it. Now that I 've been off of Zoloft for a month and a half, I 'm really struggling with anxiety at work again so I do plan to get back on it.
This has helped a lot with the jerking inside and sleeplessness.
My daughter has been on Trileptal for 2yrs. now and she did have a small seizure during the first 4 months but after increasing the dose to 5ml twice a day she has had nothing but a few migraines since. In another month or two we are planning on slowly taking her off. So I will find out soon exactly how well it has been working.
Started Lexapro 10mg today and feel high and kind of like I have no worries. It 's making me a little fatigued also. I 'm hoping I don 't get the side effects of weight gain and loss of libido! Going to give this stuff at least a month then will check in again.
Would be an absolutely perfect drug without the side effects. Constant tiredness and dizziness makes it almost impossible to work. It definitely has high effects on motor skills and sexual ability. But, hallucinations and delusions are gone. No more voices, and paranoid thoughts after only a month. It 's a good drug if you want to sleep all day.
I took Diane-35 for six months but decided to switch to Yaz as Diane-35 's side effects were too much for me (bloating and intense migraines) although it did totally clear up my skin. Also side note, birth control affects everyone differently, my sister for example took it for her acne too, it did wonders and she had no side effects at all!I have am on my third packet of Yaz. I must say my skin has gone a little nuts. I am getting quite bad breakouts. But I have decided to wait it out a bit. From reading online I 've noticed most people don 't see any good improvement on their skin until the end of the third month. And apart from some tiredness I haven 't really had any other side effects. Fingers crossed it helps sort out my skin.
A doctor prescribed this for hypertension, based upon his premise that mine was caused by anxiety. That was almost 40 years ago. After arguing back and forth, I agreed to take it on a limited basis. Now I use 2 mg, 4 times a day as needed, but only before lying down and never when I will be driving or need to otherwise be alert. It is a great help when I do get overly anxious, as I am prone to do. I consider it useless if I am up and about.
Very effective for pain relief.  For me the itching and long lasting (up to a month after use) red squares in all areas where the patch has been applied are serious setbacks. Several solutions have been suggested but none of them have helped. Because of the itching and the efforts to reduce it, the patches tend to fall off. It seems I scratch the area at night and dislodge the patch. Any abnormal stress in my life tends to aggravate these side effects. But as stated they work for pain relief.
I was given 5 pills to take all at once after a meal. The one off dosage seems better than taking over a few days to me. They do not taste good but one day later the symptoms have almost gone.  I forgot and had a glass of wine the day after and felt really very nauseous and unwell. Do not recommend alcohol with this medicine. The taste of the pills lingers in your mouth, so frequent brushing of teeth is recommended. These effects are worth getting rid of the symptoms though.
My experience using Clonzepam 1-2 mg for anxiety were OK. NO bad side effects but it seemed more suited as a sleeping aid than a anxiety med to help me through the day and remain functioning. Had better anti-anxiety effects from Xanax or Valium. But that 's just me.
Been on it for five months. At first, didn 't notice any change. Now I find myself daydreaming less. Concentration hasn 't improved much, but I 'm less impulsive and think things through more than I used to. Instead of having thousands of thoughts at once, I now only have hundreds. I like it it helps me.
I have been using this drug 1mg x 3 when required, for 1 year now. It is very helpful when needed. I have had anxiety for more than 20 years. Have tried many medicines that didn 't touch it. This also helps me sleep like a baby, when I take it at bed. Yet when taken during the day I am not sleepy from it at all. It 's wonderful, and works quickly!
I was really scared to get the IUD but had it inserted 9 months ago after being on and off the pill. Due to health reasons I had to choose an option that was low or no estrogen. I had mine inserted under anesthesia due to LEEP procedure ( Loop Electrosurgical Excision Procedure) done on my cervix  a few years earlier. After insertion the cramps were really bad and I had a lot of bleeding. I had bad cramps on and off for a few months and quite a bit of spotting. I still get short brief cramps around my period. My period is longer than before but is very light and I can use just pantyliners. Compared to what I went through with the pill Mirena has been a lot better and it 's nice not having to think about it.  My advice is everyone is different, so you won 't know if it 's for you until you try it.
My 90 yr old Mother has been on generic Losartin for 8 years.  She took 50mg a day and it controlled her blood pressure.  We have a new Dr. and he upped her dosage to 75mg which seemed to do well until she got Type A influenza.  Now she is recuperating and when we give her losartan it seems to knock her blood pressure really low and makes her weak for 2 hrs.  She has had a hacking cough and recurrent bronchitis for years. I did not know that could be a side effect of the losartan. These are the only meds she takes except for a daily multi-vitamin.
This is my first time on BC &amp; before this pill I had intolerable cramping at all times of the month in addition to very heavy bleeding when I was on my period. My periods controlled my life and made it so I couldn 't function half the time due to cramps, nasuea, &amp; fatigue. Now on this pill my periods are so much lighter and less painful. Even on my worst days I can still function, as opposed to being bedridden 5-8 days a month like I was before. Don 't let the bad reviews intimidate you, birth control has a different effect on everybody! Blisovi worked very well for me!
Wrenched knee. Helped with pain.
I am writing this for girls who have Crohn 's disease and a low immune system due to the medications for Crohn 's. I was on a very low dose birth control and it simply was not for me! I became very depressed, I bled during sex as well as experienced a lot of discomfort and had spotting for the entire 8 months I was on it. I got the Paragaurd inserted  two months ago. I really have to say I love it and I am glad I made the decision to get one !I only had periods that lasted 3 days with no cramps and so far I have only experienced cramps one week before and after my period and have not required any ibeprofen. If you think you are a good candidate try it out. It 's been great
I 've been on this medication with Doxycycline just now hitting the 4 week mark. It 's sad reading all of these reviews with most people saying they have cleared up within two weeks or so. I 'm starting to lose a bit of hope seeing as I get at least one to two new pimples a day (averaging out) which is about my usual amount. Even if that doesn 't sound like a lot I have cystic acne so it adds up quite quickly! ): I will however say I found this to be super mild compared to Dans acne.org BP which kept me clear for a year and then the acne came back. Epiduo has made my skin texture super soft and nice! It 's very smooth feeling which is wonderful, but so far it 's not keeping my skin clear or changing the nature of my breakout type/size.
Great pain relief but gave me stomach pain and nausea.
Been on 2 weeks after trying dozens of anti depressants and anti psycotics! It has helped me sleep better I find it quite sedative! My appetite has increased after battling anorexia so this is a miracle for me! I look better and am being more house proud and looking after my environment and apperance!!! Even friends have noticed a change in me! I 'm speaking more productive things rather then talk about my horrible past. So yeah, so far so great! X
Have been on this for the six weeks now. No major side effects except some dizziness. Wonder if this is worth worrying about. But the ease of the pill is what makes it so attractive. Wonder how long before I see real improvements.
I have undergone radical nephractomy of my left kidney in November, 2014 with staging T2 N0 M0. Doctor said that I am now ok. During 2015 I have undergone quarterly check up by USG of abdomen and chest X Ray. In November 2015 CT scan of thorax and done and found two suspicious small nodes in left lungs but positionwise very small.Next scan done after six months, there was no change in size of those nodes or new growth.Pain started in left shoulder joint and in back since October, 2016. Went for CT scan followed by bone scan, which detected tumors in left shoulder and D4 spine, also increase in size of lung tumors.mRCC confirmed by biopsy.Started Votrient 800mg daily from 14th December, 2016. No major side effect except testlessnes
I was prescribed Cymbalta 20mg @1/day, first thing in the morning for severe sciatic pain.  After about 3 days I experienced considerable relief in my pain and stays away until around 8-8:30 PM.  What I don 't like is the constant sweating. I can be sitting still and start to sweat. It 's all facial sweating and it can last for hours. I spoke with my doctor about it and she prescribed Wellbutrin to be taken with the Cymbalta. I tried it for a few days and that gave me diarrhea so I opted to deal with the sweats. Other side effect is muscle or involuntary jerking. Especially when I 'm lying still in bed. I just wish big pharma could invent a pill that doesn 't have so many side effects and just do what it 's designed to do.
I have been on roxycodone for 7 years now . I was in a bad car wreck..   I was on 8 day  when first started on them after wreck. Now I 'm on 3 a day. I normally get the blue 30mg tablet with k-8  on it. Today I got a white tablet with rp and 30 imprinted on it. Large white round tablet. I went back into pharmacy thought I had been giving wrong med. No just new u suppose  Seem to be working actually better for my pain  than the others...
Day 6 and I have not had a cigarette. No struggle with withdrawal symptoms seems like a puff on the  inhaler solves that issue. Glad I decided to try this.  I believe I will make it this time.
At first I hated this medication, made me really tired, feelings of non reality and weight gain. The doctor who put me on it said to wait and give it a chance. I 'm glad I did. I use it to sleep at night, at some point I will reduce it but it 's great for now. I have very restful sleeps, but am unable to remember my dreams. I am bipolar and although I am on other medication for it, I believe that Seroquel has been key in my mood stability. I take 100 mg every night, and 25 mg PRN for anxiety if needed. Although I get tired on it, it does slow down my thoughts.
The first month was great, started on 25mg and upped to 100mg within 4 weeks. Totally migraine free except when I came to my period. Then I started to have a visual aura which I never previously experienced and had a 3-day intense migraine. My usual vertigo and severe travel sickness completely disappeared. After that, I stayed headache free mostly for a couple of months, apart from my time of month and ovulation. I continue to get the visual auras almost daily. They 're not painful so don 't bother me. Last month, the headaches came back almost daily with the auras. My doctor increased dose, going to 200mg and headaches are gone already. I 'm hoping this will also help with back pain from disk degeneration. Lost 33lbs
I 've been taking 2.5mg for a month with great results and no side effects, until the weather got colder so the doctor increased dose to 5mg, partly because he wanted a better result to my high blood pressure as well. The sudden increase has caused severe sleepiness and a tight chest. I cut back to 3mg for now to ease into it and will increase to 5mg if/when the side effects decrease. I believe in caution and I know my doctor takes the same stand.
I have been using Restasis drops for approx 5 years, but still suffer from severe dry eyes.  My doctor gave me a sample of Fresh Kote to try.  At first the stinging alarmed me, but within a few minutes my eyes felt refreshed.  These are the first drops that I 've actually felt some relief.  I haven 't had to purchase them yet, but they can 't be any more expensive then Restasis drops.
Diagnosed with Rosacea-I have taken this medicine for almost 60 days now 250 mg twice a day. It seemed to surface all blemishes small and papuls within 40 days and my face broke out horribly. It is now healing and I see the light. I must have had all that trapped underneath my skin for a long time, it was a cleansing of sorts. I am almost done with my prescription and I hope my skin will heal quickly. I am able to do another course of the medicines but will see how my skin heals for a few weeks first. I had no real side effects, urgency to urinate at times and I drank a lot of water and cranberry juice. Give it a shot, nothing else worked for me.
I 've been on Kariva for about 2 months now, and just started my third pack a couple of days ago.  I 'm very happy with this BCP, though it 's the first one i 've ever tried. Usually I get pretty bad cramps, especially on the second day of my period.  However, I 've noticed that for the past couple months I only got mild cramps on the first day, and none on the second. Looks like I won 't have to buy painkillers anymore! My periods have been lasting 3-4 days and before it used to be definitely 4+.  I haven 't experienced any noticeable weight gain.I do get the occasional moodswings but other factors contribute to them as well.
It worked for awhile but didn 't kill the bronchitis because it came back - I also got a yeast infection right after taking it.
I 've been on Straterra for about two months and am up to 40mgs, with the exception of dry mouth and some manageable stomach aches, the medication seems to work pretty well--and subtly too.I am a very young 48 and I was diagnosed as &quot;hyperactive&quot; in 1972. I was on Ritalin at a very young age. While it 's NOT a cure, it works much better than stimulant medications as an adult--I read better and seem to not interrupt as much. Coffee effects me quite a bit and if I keep it down that helps too. I was worried about all of the reviews of sexual side effects--I seem to be up and running, this worried me a lot. Once again, I 'm not saying Staterra this is a cure all, but my experience seems to be very different than many reviews I have read
This medication worked very well to ease my ankle pain.  However, it left me feeling a little forgetful after taking it for a few days.  It also made me very drowsy.  But I was not in the severe pain that I had been.  The most negative reaction was when I stopped taking the medication.  The following day I felt nauseous, shaky, dizzy, and had the cold sweats.  The withdrawal symptoms were very unpleasant.
My husband and I went through a very rough patch after having kids and I suffered terrible post partum depression. He ended up leaving me for somebody else at the time and I was put on Trazodone because I was not able to shut my brain off at night and wasn 't getting any sleep. I was prescribed a whole 100mg tab but only took a 1/4 tab before bed and it was enough to shut my mind off and take away those depressing thoughts. I haven 't had to take it for almost a year now but it helped bring that old me back.
I was prescribed this to take in addition to my Metformin to help get my high Insulin levels under control and to assist with weight loss( in conjunction with intermittent fasting and a mediterranean low carb diet) Since September 2016 I have lost 35 lbs with no additional exercise. I take the Bydureon on a Sunday night and then due to the decreased appetite I fast on Mondays until dinner and then skip breakfast all other days and just eat 2 meals a day which consists of a low carb mediterranean diet. The bydureon has a slight burning sensation during injection but after that no symptoms at all. I use an ice pack on the injection sight for 15mins post injection to prevent knots/lumps and this has worked well for me. Blood tests show improvements
Have been on this medicine for over 10 years, it does control my BP rather well, but have been looking for other alternatives recently. My main problem is the shortness of breath especially if I do any type of cardio. I started running last year, and immediately noticed that I can 't run for long periods, and am stuck doing intervals of jogging / walking.  Next is Rhinitis always hacking out clear phlegm, and my last complaint is the edema (swelling in the ankles/feet). 
Good birth control but I gained about 10-15 lbs in two months from it, with regular exercise, etc. Very little acne, better than the Trinessa and Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo I was on. Extremely light periods.
I have used relistor 3 times. Overall I think it 's working. But I wanted to note here that as most of us have been using alternatives, including strong stimulant laxatives, for this issue prior to trying relistor, and have become dependent on them. So although I 've had success with this medication,I thought it worth mentioning that I will need to work on becoming free of laxative use for best results. For those of you that are experiencing this, I highly recommend doing some online reading about laxative dependency and using some of those techniques along with relistor. Good luck!
I was not warned by my doctor in advance that Abilify can lower your BP. I fainted regularly and could not drive for about 1 week, until they got me off of it again. It seemed to help with my mood, but unfortunately, I couldn 't live with the side effect of passing out all the time!
Levaquin and sunlight do not mix. Cover up if you are outside while taking it. Otherwise you will burn and burn quickly. But the stuff works.
I lost a baby and they gave me these to expell the pregnancy I was hurt but than to find out I had to pay out of pocket made me feel worse like even though there was no heart beat at 12 weeks and only measuring 6 it really hurt to think I was paying 13 .00 to loose my child it made me contract about 30 min after taking the fist set I was in pain just like having one of my other children just at the end of this I wouldnt have a baby . I lost more blood than I ever seen in my life and bleed for a month after my peorids that was ALWAYS regular are every where after 10 months so ....if you get this expect labor
I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia after suffering from pains in various parts of my body, exhaustion, and overall lack of interest in most everything.  I 've now been on Savella 50 me 2 X day for about two months.  My results are astounding.  Significant reduction in pain, no more feeling exhausted, more active, and weight loss which I needed anyway.  I do have episodes of mania though.  There are times it seems like I can 't stop talking.  I have experienced no negative side effects and truly feel like after about 8 years I 've finally gained my life back.  I know this is just my story, but I hope others can get the same positive results from this medicine.
I have ADD. It helped me study, stay focused. All I know is that I did study more efficiently.
My pain was so severe I was literally going insane and no matter how often I expressed to my pain management doctor that the lortab he was prescribing was ineffective he would not listen. If I hadn 't found a Methadone clinic for help I really do not believe I would be alive today.  My quality of life has improved so much and I am beyond Thankful.
I had oral surgery and was prescribed Demerol which made me feel sick not to mention I could still feel the pain somewhat. I.called the doctor who then prescribed Percocet 10/325. Not only did it knock out the pain completely but the side effects were practically non existent. Just a little sweating and and kind of a warm feeling but I could function like normally. I didn 't feel out of it like the Demerol made me feel. All I can say is it worked perfectly for me.
Bydurean is working for me, albeit with a few side effects.  The injection site lumps are an irritation that goes away after 6-9 weeks, only to be replaced by others.  I hate the thick needle, but hate even more when the needle gets stuck and won 't inject some weeks, and I need to re-inject.   I get nausea when my sugar levels drop quickly, and especially go below 5.6 mmol/l , which happens after exercise.  I have found this a good excuse for a beer with team mates, and have to have glocose/sweets available a period 1-2 hours after strenuous exercise (surfing especially).My weight has dropped steadily about 1kg/month without a change of diet, but I am just inclined to eat less.  I have reduced insulin levels 50%, and don 't use after sport.
During the first 2-3 weeks of starting this, I had a slight headache but that 's a given when starting a new medication. I 've been taking this for 8 months and I 've put on 15 pounds. (Diet &amp; physical activity has not changed) No more sex drive, I 'm more moody about anything and everything, and I get acne really easily. I am only taking this to help my endometriosis and it gets the job done so dealing with these side effects really isn 't bad at all compared to dealing with endometriosis without pain medications.
Diagnosed with RA 3 years ago, was put on hydroxychloroquine 200mg 2xdaily.  After 4 months nearly all my symptoms had gone!  Then the hair loss started and about a year from onset I began to look like I had the mange; so, being a complete peacock I took myself off of the medication.  Not a good idea, 2 years of being symptom free and I had forgotten how badly RA sucks!  Four months passed and all of my symptoms returned, accompanied with a new symptom of chronic joint popping (and more discomfort and pain) in nearly every joint in my body!  So, back to the hydroxychloroquine and hoping for the same relief acquired initially.  I 'm not ready to go Vin Diesel, so maybe I 'll just invest in some baseball caps.
Just been diagnosed with Bi Polar Disorder after goodness knows how many years of episodes. Took my shrink the best part of 2 years to finally diagnose me after many different anti depressants, sleepless nights, racing thoughts, and wild partying till the early hours (sometimes on my own!!!). Just started on Depakote 3 weeks ago initally on 500mg per day which didn 't help my mania, now on 500mg morning, and 500mg evening which calms me down, helps me sleep, deals with my irritability and mania, and generally slows me down. I have found that I get eye jolts ... fuzziness, but for the first time in 3 years (when it all started back up!), I am beginning to feel &quot;NORMAL&quot;. We 'll see how it goes.  My consultant has mentioned Lithium also.
I was diagnosed with PMDD after talking my new OB-GYN. I told her about how large swollen, and PAINFUL my breasts have become in my late 20 's. My bras would not fit for 2 weeks/month. The mood swings were there, but it was mostly out of how self conscious and uncomfortable I was with my large breasts and body water weight for 2 weeks every month. It was awful PMS. This birth control definitely helped! My breast size has since decreased and they don 't swell like the used to! I will say my sex drive has decreased....I don 't feel up for it like I was before I went on BC. But it 's not terrible!
I have been using 7.5 mg Parlodel for 4 months now and my menstrual cycle is back to normal. I will have blood tests done in June to see if my Prolactin levels have decreased but I am sure they have. I don 't have any known side effects from it either.
Botox A has worked extremely well for my cervical dystonia but also, has been marginally effective for my trunkal dystonia.  The injections were made by Joseph Jankovic MD, who pioneered the use of botox for treating dystonia.
I got my Mirena put in Oct of 2007 after I had my first child. I 'm 23 now and I wanted something that was going to really work! It is expensive but it is totally worth it if you don 't want to get pregnant. I had horrible periods before and now I barely have them. It is weird, I bleed a lot for 7 months straight when I first got it done and then went to having a regular period. Sometimes I can go months without one then I could have 2 or 3 in one month that is the bad part, you won 't know when it comes and goes. My boyfriend says he can feel it sometimes. Only side effect is lately noticing acne along the jaw line! It has pros and cons like anything but truly effective..no weight gain actually lost weight, no mood swing and didn 't lose sex drive!
I have been on Alfuzosin 4 months now.  I had increasing difficulty peeing for several years, and it got to the point where I had a serious prostatitis, probably from lack of flow. After several months of antibiotics to clear the prostatitis I can pee about 70% better.  I take the medicine at dinner time every day. I notice a very slight dizziness sometimes when getting up. I notice a very slight feeling of tiredness all the time. I can have orgasms just fine, no problem with erection either.  No diminish in ejaculate I can detect. I feel I am at the point in life where I cannot pee without some kind of assistance, and this medicine seems to be a pretty good option. I will be continuing with it, probably for the long term.
Wonderful to control anxiety, as well as panic disorder.
I have had toenail fungus on both big toenails and one little toenail for 20 years and have tried all sorts of topical treatments. I also tried two laser treatments. Topical and laser treatments worked a little but didn 't knock out the fungus. Just finishing my third month on Terbinafine and it has worked very well. New nail growth looks fabulous and appears to be healthy. I probably need to stay on medication for another three months until diseased nails grow out completely and are trimmed off. No noticeable side affects except a little upset tummy...especially the first two weeks. I am very pleased. Sixty yo male.
I 'm 23 and have been on Trinessa for 4 months. I switched from Loestrin 24 for affordability. For reference, I experience very heavy cramps and bleeding and about a week long period when not on birth control.I have about a 3 day period that is moderate to heavy (it doesn 't lighten my period very much, but it does shorten it). Cramps are reduced. The week of my period I experience noticeable mood swings (unlike when I was on Loestrin, and didn 't experience any). But overall, I am very happy with this birth control. It 's extremely affordable, shortens my period, lightens cramps, and does not cause mood swings outside of when I normally would right before my period.I would recommend giving it a shot!
I was on put on Testim because there is apparently a link between people taking opioid pain medications and a loss of testosterone production.  I didn 't wash my arms before I applied it and used 5g a day and I was right in the target zone.  I didn 't like my shrunken testicles nor did I like the stickiness nor having to rub it in.  So I stopped using it and was fine for a bit but again dropped below the target.  So I started again but washed my arms prior to applying and found that it shot my way over the range.  I didn 't initially make the connection between the two so now I am trialing using 1/2 tub a day which eliminates the sticky feeling, easier to rub in and the non-decaying 1/2 life is a huge plus and I only smell it when I apply it.
Day 4 of venlafaxine, 37.5mg at 6.30 am and 6.30pm. I have only just realised the importance of taking it at the same time if you are doing split doses. Previously I was taking as I woke up (5am) and before bed (10pm). Not good- headaches turned into full blown migraine. First dose I was sick immediately and was sweating, trembling slightly. I felt I could feel the chemicals literally swooshing around my brain and body. It was very strange. I calmed myself down, told myself to go with it. The rest of the day-fine. Day two, realized I had to EAT with the venlafaxine to ensure I wasn 't sick. I 've never been a big eater, but half a banana with a venlafaxine plus milk in between bites was enough to line my stomach. Much better this time.
Used to use Depo- provera for years. Then went through 3 yrs no period. It then came back with a VENGENCE. Had abnormally high amount of bleeding for 7-9 days with such severe cramping that it would often result in a missed day or 2 of work each month for months on end before talking to my Dr. Shortly thereafter, I  eventually got an endometrial biopsy. I was told the endometrial tissue was &quot;hormonally confused&quot;- was then put on Lo Loestrin FE. I noticed a huge amount of positive difference within first month &amp; still  presently. Light bleeding &amp; minimal cramping for 3 days- it 's like night &amp; day. I would highly recommend.
its fine i just can 't stop eating. like I ate 3 corn dogs an hour ago and I 'm ready for more. other than that its fine im just so hungry
This medication was my first psych medicine ever. I was almost done with high school and it helped me get through a very suicidal and alcoholic phase. I did gain a little weight on it, but ten pounds isn 't that bad. It perked me up, yet helped me sleep very well and really helped my depression.
I was 18 going on 19 when literally over two nights I broke out with horrible hormonal cystic painful acne covering my face. It was a nightmare. The doctors finally recommended spironolactone and I started on 50mg. Things started to get better but still bad. They then moved me up to 100mg. My face just about completely cleared up in about two and a half months with a few small breakouts during my cycle. It cleared my face but I experienced two side effects. One was extreme fatigue to the point where all I could think about was laying down and was exhausted every hour of the day. Even when I got a lot of sleep.Ssecond was I would get super dizzy when I stood up. I am extremely active, &amp; work two jobs, and am a college student I can 't stay on it
Mobic has helped considerably with pain relief but  I now suffer from severe insomnia which I put down to Mobic as I am not on any other medicines.
I get aura 's without the headache (as well as the headache separately) which consisted of loss of speech, loss of power in my limbs etc and found that Flexeril often helps to prevent the aura 's. Not sure why, and it isn 't as effective any more, but to begin with as soon as I stopped taking it the symptoms would come back. After a year, I was able to stop taking it and the auras stayed away. Unfortunately, after 10 years they have come back and Flexeril doesnt seem as effective against them.
8 weeks pregnant with twins. Have severe nausea all day and evening. Take 2 pills before bed and it controls my symptoms until late evening the next day. Website for the drug warns of withdrawal symptoms and how to prevent them so do your research. Helps me to sleep all day. For me I would not take it during the day because it does make me drowsy. But without taking it, I would not last all day at work. Website also has coupons.
Medicaid covers this! I 'm ending week 3 on Viibryd - 2 weeks on 10mg, finishing 1st week on 20mg. Had lots of tummy trouble after 1st dose (diarrhea, slight nausea, lots of bloating &amp; gas), but it has lessened, but not good yet.  I take it with lunch. (Also on Synthroid - empty stomach in morning, Wellbutrin -450/day x 10  yrs) Main other side effects: a bit more anxiety, electric-zappy/restless legs in the evening (getting better), other muscle twitches at first, trouble getting to sleep (worse after dosing up to 20mg). I do feel a little more energy and a little more positive. Not interested in food during the day after taking Viibryd, mostly due to upset tummy.  I get HUGE cravings for sweets in the evening (must be after it wears off).
Hi, I 'm 36 yr old male and never had panic attacks or anxiety.  About about 3 weeks ago I had a massive panic attack and then I started having chronic anxiety attacks that would last for most part of the starting from the very moment I wake up. My heart beat was constantly at 90  bpm, I lost weight very, very quickly and and had no energy left. Doctor gave me Xanax but it just made me sleepy. I thought the anxiety would never go away and that I 'll lose my job and home and my independence. I went back to my doctor and he gave me Paxil, reluctantly, I started on 10mg for a week. I up 'd my dose to 20mg on the 7th day, and until the 14th day no effect (only side effects) but then a miracle. My anxiety is all but gone on the 15th day and no panic.
I am on my second pack of zarah and I started taking the pill because of my acne. My family says my acne has gotten a little better but I don 't see much of a difference. Some side effects I found are that I am extremely unmotivated and tired. Being an elite athlete I am struggling with exercising and just want to sleep all day. I also only crave junk food. This may be mental but I usually love fruits and vegetables but I feel like throwing up just thinking about eating them. I hope I can snap out of it and get back to my life.
In February of 2008 I was diagnosed with Intracranial Hypertension due to a rare side effect caused by Minocycline prescribed to me by a dermatologist. This medication, along with my lumbar puncture, has stopped my vision loss. The side effects have been very difficult at times. I have experienced all of the common side effects including loss of appetite (lost 40 pounds), tingling from hands to elbows and toes to knees, and intestinal problems. Brain pressure remains high but vision is saved. Over-all just glad to be alive and without a shunt. Be well.
It helped the withdrawls but my craving are very  high
I have been on oxycodone on and off for 5 years since my massive blood clot diagnosis in 2012, the only pill that works... the issue is I relocated to MD. to extended family after hurricane sandy hit and destroyed me in NY, I am treated like a drug addicted, drug dealing, drug abusing low life to the highest power but none of these terms pertain to me, before my diagnosis I was in the mainstream of society working over 30 years, now I 'm on disability, my future funds are gone due to medical bills and am on Medicare and Medicaid, my pain is real, I 've never been addicted to anything in my life and I monitor my medication closely because I am aware of the fact that I need pain medication longterm, lifelong or permanent as per my prognosis.
I suffer from cranial-facial hyperhidrosis.  It is really bad, to the point it can look like I have sweat soaked hair and face.  It 's the worst indoors when I am shopping, walking around, work meetings, etc.  Seriously, the most embarrassing and socially debilitating issue I have every experienced. I have gone to the dermatologist for Botox injections in my scalp several times and it works a little bit, but nothing great.  After doing research, I decided I needed to try an oral medication.  I am glad I did, Oxybutynin works really well for me, I am so happy.  I usually need 5mg 3x daily to get through the day.  I get dry mouth pretty bad, but gum or lozenge gets me through that problem pretty well.
I tried Paxil in 2000 when I had unstoppable panic attacks.I had been dealing with anxiety all of my life  &amp; those years I had constant panic over a teen addict &amp; a son with learning disabilities and marital issues. This was the first time I had ever taken an AD. The very first day I felt relief from it.However, looking back; the start up dose of 20 mg caused me to be a bit withdrawn &amp; weirdly unresponsive to my family after that first day. As time went on though I began to feel much better &amp; happier. I will say the dose was probably too high as I did make some regretful decisions from not thinking things through,I gained several extra pounds; &amp;  'thought ' I had sexual side effects; it could have been situational. Not well since stopping.
I am 26 years old. Never had acne problems, even as a teenage. Started breaking out badly due to starting Birth Control. Tried diff brands.. all the same. So went to Dermatologist. Started taking the Solodyn 65 once a day. First few months no real change. Actually it unfortunately got WORSE before it got better. First month the worst. I was very embarrassed. BUT good news. Stick with it. Its now been four months and I FINALLY see a change. Its been 4 months exactly now and I am just now feeling comfortable not wearing a ton of makeup. I still use a dap here and there but nothing like before. Only con is that the pimples I developed while on Solodyn seemed to linger. 
Does help some. Not like stimulants but will keep you awake and have the energy.
Chloropromazine stops the voices because it knocks you the hell out. I take this medication at night, one 50 mg is enough to knock me out at 5 foot 11 inches and 200 lbs, if you have decent general health a lower dose will be potent. I haven 't needed anything more than the nightly dose, I am also on Lithium which is wonderful, the combination works great together for me. I have not had any serious negative side effects, I am working out more and losing weight, I was unable to do this on risperidol, Aeroquel, Abilify, or anything else I have been put on. The only thing stopping me from giving this a 10 star review is that most doctors prescribe Chlorpromazine for daily use. I would not be able to function on this during the day.
Good relief if taken exactly as prescribed and only when needed.
I was in a terrible car accident and kept having chronic back pain. I finally found out I had herniated L4 and L5 in my lower back. I was given so many different medicines by my pain management doctors. Nothing was working not even the epidural steroid shots until I was put on duragesic. I have been on them for 3 years and I wear two patches I am on 125mcg. I was basically almost hopeless till I was put on fentanyl. Now I have never felt better at 27 and a single mother of a five year old I could not afford to be in the pain I was in. I wear the patches every 48 hours and I still have break through medicines. I 'm thankful for this miracle drug.
Began taking this after crushing my foot in a rollover car accident. My injury is long term, requiring multiple surgeries and lots of metal to put me back together again. This injury has been painful day and night, non-stop for months-I nearly reached a breaking point when my foot became infected. The pain was unbearable. This happened right around the time Xartemis came out. My doctor switched me from regular Percocet to Xartemis and I finally got relief! Plus only taking 4 pills a day simplified things a lot. I was skeptical but I am very pleased with it overall. As with any opiate I 'm concerned for the long term but my circumstances require it right now.
My doctor prescribed Tramadol for a painful displaced shoulder 50mg twice a day. My shoulder healed but I then realized that the constant achy legs and feet that I was experiencing, especially at bedtime was completely gone and I continued to use.  I read up on this medicine and did become apprehensive, but when I visited my Doctor and explained the situation she said there was no harm.  Yes, if you don 't use regularly, you will get uncomfortable side effects, but when my legs and feet start aching again, it takes about 2 doses before it goes away again.  My Doctor didn 't not speak of any harm in taking this medicine on a regular basis.  It does also seem to keep me on an even keel.
I 'm currently on day 11 of Prevpac. I was very nervous about taking it after reading horror stories online. The first day I was very nauseous after taking it in the morning. That afternoon I purchased some probiotics and they have been a huge help! My only side effect is a bad taste in my mouth but chewing gum helps with that! I feel great now but I 'm excited to be done with the meds in three days. I 've been having stomach issues for 3 years with no definite answer until finally a doctor tested me for H.Pylori and it came back positive. Prevpac really isn 't that bad. I highly recommend taking probiotics though!
I started taking Cymbalta in April 2011, and when I first started out on it I experienced, extreme tiredness, insomnia, dry mouth, constipation, hot flashes, strange dreams. I still get very odd sometimes disturbing dreams but I think a lot of it has to do with recent stresses in my life (grandma having a stroke, work stress) and still experience constipation, hot flashes, and night sweats but it 's not the end of the world. It has so far been the only antidepressant medication that has really helped me and I have been on lots of different SSRI 's and atypical antipsychotics. I have good and bad days like anyone does, but if I do get sad and cry it doesn 't seem to last long. So in my opinion the benefits outweigh the side effects.
I had minor surgery and developed cellulitis and was put on doxycycline. It made some immediate improvement in the pain and swelling. The culture came back as MRSA. 10 days of doxycycline was extended for 2 more weeks, but after 5 days, with infection not completely gone, I switched to vancomycin infusions for 25 days until I was considered healed. The problem wasn 't the medication, rather it was the lousy suturing with internal stitches that started emerging through the wound for weeks, keeping the infection deep in my thigh. Then I got a bad cold or flu with a terrible sinus infection so I started taking the remaining doxycycline. I don 't think I 've taken it for sinus before, but I felt better right away and no real side effects. Great!
I 've had a pretty good experience with this oral contraceptive since I started taking it about a year ago.  I originally started taking it as both a birth control method and to help manage hormonal acne that I suffered with as a result of a previous IUD that left me with a hormonal imbalance.  Since using Tri-Previfem or Tri-Estarylla (depending on what my pharmacy has at the time) my acne has become significantly better, and when something does pop up it is much easier to manage.  Also, cramping during menstruation is no longer an issue for me.  The only &quot;negative&quot; side effect I 've noticed is that I 'm left with &quot;swollen&quot; painful/sore breasts nearly every day.
I just received my 2nd shot of 3.75 Lupron and so far so good! I have heard horror stories not only on line, but from my friends who have been on it for various reasons and I was more than worried to start it. I have one large fibroid and I was put on Lupron injections to shrink it to make it easier for my husband and I to have a baby after I have a robotic myomectomy in June. I was so afraid of mood swings, but surprisingly, after 5 weeks I am still very happy. My bloating has gone away for the most part and I am really looking forward to not bleeding the way I did due to this fibroid! All in all, I am posting on here so that woman like myself, a 35 year old wanting a baby will know that not all Lupron horror stories will happen to you!
I have been on bontril for quite a few months now and have lost 30+ pounds. It 's been very stubborn, but has came off slowly. I don 't eat much anymore and it takes very little to fill me up. My energy levels are about the same and occasionally I will have asomnia. I wish I knew what to do to make it come off faster, I exercise and drink lots of water. I get weighed in every other week and have always lost weight it 's just only a pound here or there. But I have to say this is the only product that I 've actually lost weight on so I 'm just thankful for that even if it 's slow. Overall I 'm just thankful I 'm loosing weight. I 'm a 5&quot;8 240 pound female
I am a 60 year male who became disabled 14 years ago.  Every since I was unable to work or even walk I have been very depressed and had severe anxiety.  Once I was started on 20 mgs of Lexapro I felt like a new person.  It took a week or so for the full effect to come on but  have had no problems with side effects at all.  Thank God for Lexapro!
My experience with Skyla has had its ups and downs. Insertion was not nearly as bad as what I read online. It might have lasted 15-30 minutes all together. I was not nauseated or lightheaded afterwards. The painful part was during the actual insertion and it lasted for about 3 seconds. I had mild cramping as my body adjusted but afterwards I could hardly tell it was there. it 's done its job so far. The worst part is the change in my cycle. I went from having mild cramping to heavier cramping and increased flow. I 've been hearing that this will go away after a few months. I 'm hoping this is true. The other days of the month are great though!
This sample was given to me and it is 60mg.  I was told to take 3x per day with meals.   Burning stopped right away  but now I have severe diarrhea after 4 days and feel so bloated.  Doctor told me to go on liquid diet and discontinue use.  I will see him in 2 days.
I did Harvoni for 12 weeks and viral load was up 2 weeks after I completed. Harvoni made me very sick. Fatigue, diarrhea, it was kind of awful...and it failed me. I am 1a type. I also have cirrhosis F4. Next I did Sovaldi/Olysio for 24 weeks. This time the only side effect was fatigue but not as bad as Harvoni. The good news is I am SVR 12 weeks post tx, although my liver function numbers have begun to rise slightly after being normal during treatment for the first time in 30 years.But here 's the real problem. I am more fatigued now than during treatment. It 's been 5 months and it 's not getting any better. I get up early, exercise, have a healthy breakfast and I 'm ready to get back into bed. It really sucks. Anyone else experiencing this?
I have been trying to deal with drippy eyes and nose (saturating multiple tissues in a couple of hours), and upon awakening clearing throat for over 20 years since moving from the east coast to CA. I  finally decided that I had enough and the doctor told me to try Zyrtec. I started it a few days ago...yep, the drips improved, BUT, I feel exhausted, falling asleep, no energy. I think I may have to deal with the drippy symptoms and tell Zyrtec to take a hike!
I had been telling all my Dotors about my dry mouth , eyes , and skin , well I finally got a mew Rhuemy and she cked me and said boy you have severe dry mouth ... I said yes along with eyes and skin and she recommend this for me . and at first i had dizziness and headaches so she told me to stop and i did but to me I can handle the headaches but not the dryness so i went back on it and within an hour of taking it I am doing better i can swallow now I had not been able to eat any dry it would get stuck in my throat . now i can I am a happy camper , now to deal with my other issues at hand I hope this helps ...... God Bless
I 've been on Buspirone for almost a week now, which isn 't very long...but I 've already seen dramatic improvement. Although it 's too early to tell if it 's a true success, I noticed someone mentioned that they felt sick and hot and dizzy for hours. If you eat before you take it, it shouldn 't give you those side effects. It says you don 't have to take it with food, but it works way more efficiently when I take it after eating. My physical symptoms of anxiety and the panic attacks went from an everyday thing to almost nonexistent.
Day 2; so far so good.
Been taking this for insomnia since I was around 16 (I 'm 22 now). I 've had to make some minor adjustments due to side effects from other meds, but take 50-100 mg nightly. It knocks me out for sure, but it can leave me feeling too drowsy in the morning. I find myself night eating from this medication which isn 't ideal, and I am completely addicted to it.
I don 't represent anyone but myself (I 'm always skeptical about these posts).  I know everyone is different.  I 've been depressed to one degree or another my whole life, and have tried nearly every medicine that 's come along, from the early tri-cyclics through MAO inhibitors, to SSRI/SNRIs.  None worked well enough in the long run to compensate for the side effects (sexual dysfunction, weight gain, others).  After 3 years of mild depression and no medicines, things got severe again.  I 'm in week 3 of Pristiq.  Mood improved within 24 hours, and I feel as though my brain 's turned on again.  I have mild side effects (sleep and jaw clenching), but these are tolerable for the mood improvement.  Hope it keeps working, and wish everyone good luck.
I 've been put on Naltrexone for 4 weeks going on five. I started taking one 5mg tablet nightly. After two weeks take 2 tablets for two weeks. I stopped increasing the dose by one for five days and my pain returned. I upped the dose to three and the pain has started to diminish greatly within 24 hours.I suffer from autoimmune disease. To add insult to my pain I was put on Ciproflaxon for a bacteria infection the first day of February and suffered from tendon and muscle damage resulting in not being able to walk severe pain in my feet like knife stabbing. Naltrexone took all my pain away evey bit of it. When My pain started to come back five days ago I started increasing my dose by a third 5mg tablet. I see my Doctor in two days.
I 've been on Topamax for probably at least 15 years, 400 mg daily. I 'm get debilating migraines. After reading these reviews I guess I am one of the lucky ones as I have not received one side effect. I take it at night. If the migrane is really bad I add one pill of Relpax and that does the job.
One thing I learned while taking 0.5mg of clonazepam as a sleep aid, it did help my panic attacks that I had for about 7 years. Side effects weren 't bad at all. But one thing you might want to try if you take this medicine for panic attacks. I was told during this time that I was now a diabetic. For six months I did away with 98% of my normal sugar intake, and along with the clonazepam, it did wonders for my panic attacks. Sugar acts as brain fuel and to much of it puts the brain in overdrive (it doesn 't take much) which puts you on edge for panic attacks. I recommend cutting out at least 50% of your sugar intake. Your notice a big difference. I also lost a huge amount of weight. Cost nothing to try. It worked for me. P.S., no sodas or Juices.
I have been on Nardil for 30 years because of depression, panic attacks and severe anxiety.  I did gain weight while taking Nardil, but after 6 months after I started Nardil, I began to have good days again.  For me, Nardil took a long time to begin working to ease my depression, etc.  I also take one, 5 mg of Valium.  I am a senior citizen and at times it does concern me about continuing the Nardil, but as long as it keeps working and I see my psychiatrist regularly, I have faith I will be okay.  Sure, I have a few &quot;down&quot; days here and there, but never like it was before I was put on Nardil long ago.  (I had taken other &quot;older&quot; antidepressants...none of them worked until the Nardil was prescribed).  A side effect I have is intense sweating.
Just had an awful night from the effects of Cabergoline 0.5mg ..felt like there was poison in stomach and the abdominal pain is just too much. Had to vomit and had diarrhoea at the same time. It just happened so sudden. Most time just had bad cramps and abdominal pain. Bad times I get this combo of pain diarrhoea vomit and dizzy. 4 hours usually of intense abdominal pain And nightmare. I had started on the meds 9 years ago and stopped because of the cost and the cost for the Doc and the pain. But it works. It brought down the prolactin and menstrual does comes back. but once I stop he meds everything went back to the same prolactin level &gt;250.Wish there 's no side effect. It 's a painful experience and since I had to take it every week.
I like the fact that it keeps me from getting pregnant but the bleeding is out of control. I got mine implanted in December of 2013 and had no side effects for 3 months. Then I started my period and it hasn 't gone off yet. It 's not heavy at all and I don 't have any cramps at all, it 's just annoying to have to wear a panty liner and tampon every day because I 'm not sure if it 's going to be heavier than usual. If I can 't stop the bleeding I 'm going to have it removed and try something else.
I take Vyvance 60mg in the morning and Adderall 20mg in the afternoon to treat my ADD consistently throughout every day. It results in me having terrible insomnia (I sometimes took my adderall later than I was suppose too). I had insomnia for 4 years because of this. After taking Trazodone, I was able to sleep and balance my ADD life with some good sleep once again. I don 't feel foggy in the morning, because of the Vyvance. It 's nearly impossible to feel foggy on that stuff. But overall Trazodone is very good to remedy from ADD medication. I 'm a healthy, fit male, 158 pounds, with no other health concerns. I would recommended this stuff. Not sure if I will become dependent over this stuff though, that 's the last thing I want.
I 'm 33 and started having acne and needed to go back on birth control. The great news is, my skin cleared up completely within 3 months on Beyaz.  The bad news is, I 've been taking the pill for a little over 6 months and I 'm still having my period twice a month (each lasting between 6-11 days).  Definitely not ideal, but they 're usually pretty light. I haven 't noticed any weight gain (but I do work out intensively 5-6 days a week).  Lately, I 've been noticing a lot more mood swings, low self-esteem/poor body image, and I have a tremendous amount of guilt about everyday things and a bit of depression.  I increased my anti-depressant and that has seemed to help with the depression aspect, but not the other symptoms.
So far so good for my sinusitis. A little anxious, feel my heart beating a little faster, and will wake up a few times a night, but I feel it 's worth it to get rid of this sinus issue I 've had for the last 3 weeks.
So I 'm 21, I 'm on my second implant. I loved implanon first time around. I don 't have my period at all, I 've never really had any crazy side affects until this second time around. I recommended all my friends get it. They must have changed it. I got my second one replaced about 3 months ago. I 've had crazy weight gain and I 'm eating better than ever and exercising. My feet, ankles, feet and face have been swelling. I 'm very disappointed second time around. I 'm actually getting it removed tomorrow. Everyone is going to react differently. So maybe this second implant is just a different reaction.
Within a week of starting on 1/2 5 mg pill, Aricept generic, my spouse 's verbalization improved to the point where others noticed and volunteered a positive comment.  Now on the full 5 mg pill per day, there are no side effects.  And the psychoses have become fewer, shorter lasting, and less bizarre.  The long and short term memory, though, has neither improved nor worsened.  And my spouse has virtually no spatial or temporal awareness, which is no better or worse than before the meds.
My husband has been taking this for depression and anxiety for little over 3 weeks now...up to 40 mg.  The only negative is the diarrhea and nausea. This is extreme at the present.  The good thing is that he DOES feel better mentally and there is no sexual side effects (as it was with Zoloft).  I am HOPING the negative side effects go away soon.
The only reason I haven 't rated this drug higher is because it 'a relatively new for me.  Having been completely incapacitated and unable to do anything physical for more than an hour or 2 a day for several months during a bad relapse of fibromyalgia, I was prescribed gabapentin.  Initially, I was more light headed than usual (get that as a symptom anyway) and couldn 't drive as was extremely disoriented.  I slowly increased the dose and can tolerate it well.  Yesterday and today after 3 weeks I had the first  'normal ' days for years.  I am putting this down to this drug and if it lasts I will be extremely happy!.. that 's coming from someone who hates taking medications and believe in health via diet... suits me (so far) 
Near the end of the second does of this Nexplanon [5yr 8mth]. The side affects are catching up and getting worse. Pain in the lower leg that doesn 't go away, occasional swollen face, sudden severe headaches, longer and heavier periods, sever mood swings, feeling really sad, can 't seem to loose any weight. Starting to affect daily life, oh like my marriage. This is the opposite of how it started, of course. Time for removal. Be sure to read and understand all the potential side effects. Good luck.
I have been on Paxil for 18 years now. Within the last seven years I have developed severe muscle tightness. I go to massage Thearapist and chiropractor every two weeks... This helps sometimes other times I 'm still in pain. I 'm going to see a rheumatologist next week who thinks it 's I might have an immune disorder since I was just diagnosed with raynauds in my toes.Paxil has helped my anxiety but sometimes I feel like I have no emotions and don 't react to things that I should be. Which is good and bad. Take care of yourself if you 're not feeling well see if a different medication works are different alternatives!! It just took me 18 years.
I 'm a 41 year old male, been playing volleyball for many years, and had a minor knee injury and went to the orthopedist to get it checked out. He said I had moderate osteoarthritis in both knees and gave me Orthovisc. One injection per week for 3 weeks, not too bad. A little pinch during the injections but no pain afterward. After a few weeks, I noticed a lot less crunching in the knees, and can squat normally again. I believe it has helped a lot, and I hope it continues! I also started taking cod liver oil (with meals) as I read this helps with joint repair and function. They 're pretty cheap at any vitamin store. Good luck and I hope this helps someone.
I was having panic attacks all the time which morphed into a stressful state of depression. Yes, I was falling apart. I 'd also lost a lot of weight, no appetite. I started on 20mg but wow, this stuff is strong!  My pupils became super dilated, I looked like I was on mdma.  I moved down to 10mg for a while then worked my way up to 20mg, then back down to 10mg.  I got almost every side effect in the book: constipation, bizarre dreams, sedation, sexual side effects, sleeping ten hours a night, then taking two hour naps late in the day.  BUT, the panic stopped!  Wow, for the first time in my life I could go to movie theaters, and restaurants with no panic attacks. Gained weight back, it was great. Finally quit when my life was back in order.
After Orth-tricyclen and Yaz, both of which gave side effects. So I tried Aviane and am quite pleased with it. Other than finding it difficult to get sleep sometimes, I haven 't experienced any bad side effects. I also like that it 's so inexpensive.
I 've had a lot of success with this drug. I was always distracted, unmotivated, anxious, and down. Remeron gave me clarity of mind, healthy appetite, nice sleep through the night ( and great,vivid dreams). My only negative comment is when you mix this drug with the wrong thing, you feel like you are going to die. If you 're relatively healthy, not on many other drugs, don 't do any drugs or drink a lot it 's a very helpful and basically side effect free. But one time i was an idiot and drank quite a bit and took it as usual, before bed. I was on the ground crawling to my bed- i felt awful. I also tried to quit smoking with a nicoderm patch and i woke up feeling so dizzy, shaking and light headed- very scary.
I have been on Celexa for about two months now and the first two days I had insomnia really bad, but then it got better as time went on. My depression is somewhat balanced, but I do have continued anxiety and stress. I went to my Doctor 's today and had my weight checked and in less than a month I have gained 12 lbs; I was shocked! I was told it could be from the Celexa, so now I 'm slowly weaning myself off of that as I try my new medication; Wellbutrin. All in all, Celexa is good, and if it weren 't for the weight gain I would have stayed on it. Everybody 's body is different and it just wasn 't the right medication for me.
I have been using this medicine for many years and it really works for me. I walk everywhere, and going up hills it really comes in handy. I however do not like the new design, it tells you how much you have used, which is the good part, but the bad part is it clogs up too easily. The old one clogs as well, but takes longer to do it. I personally have not noticed any side effect of this medicine. The old albuterol inhalers made my heart race, this one does not.
I am 46 years old and have been struggling with hot flashes for 8 years, and more severe now that I have had a total hysterectomy.  The side affects of menopause for me have been severe hot flashes all day and all night.  I have declined to take unnatural replacements. A week ago I began to take 10 mg Melatonin (quick disolve).  I am still waking up throwing the covers off and feeling like my bed is going to catch fire due to the extreme heat of my body..however, I am finally able to fall back to sleep, and feel rested in the morning.  I am pleased with the this supplement and I will continue to take it.
Tired/sexual dysfunction i.e. Very hard to achieve orgasm.
Useful  for narcolepsy, gives you more awakening and alert. Recommended low dose with a little caffeine for use in several years. Not useful for long term depression if you have problems modafinil. It makes you more alert and awake.
I was told by my doctor to double the dose, 2  bottles at 6 pm. And then repeat 2 more bottles at 9pm. After reading these reviews I am only going to do 1 more bottle at 9. The taste was horrific and I felt like my stomach would burst. It has been the worst stuff ever. I have had multiple colonoscopies and never went through this.
I have had eczema all my life on my ankles and now it 's moved to my hands. This is the only thing I can use to be able to function daily. My hands bust open and I put this on at night and wear a pair of white cotton gloves to bed.
I 've used this medication twice now in my lifetime, and while it does clear me up, each time it has inflamed and irritated me worse than the yeast infection itself. The irritation does go away after a few days of stopping the medication, but I don 't know how worth it is to continue using the medication when it makes me hurt all day every day until it gradually goes away. Considering the fact that winter is right around the corner, it makes it hard to wear the recommended &quot;loose fitting clothing&quot;, which further causes irritation when rough/thick fabrics rub in the general direction.
I hate to write this comment, but it has to be done. I have been on Lyrica for 5 years. I now take 150mg 3x day. At first this was a dream medicine f or me. It relieved the aches and body spasms almost instantly. I could sleep at night, and woke up pain free and was able to live a somewhat normal life. I did however gain 40 lbs. I am now experiencing severe depression, and I feel it is the Lyrica. I ran out once and experienced the worst withdrawal symptoms. I felt like I was dying and the pain was severe. This medicine is wonderful, but getting off of it is very hard. 
I 'm 63 years old I believe I got hep C in either us army because they used the air gun to give you medication ,or my tattoos that I also got at that time .I was told by my doctor 25 years ago from blood test that I was positive for non a non b hep.I take pretty good care of myself work in trades so you have to keep in shape.from the point I found out been taking blood tests twice a year never had a problem .about 5 months ago my doctor told me my numbers were real high .I stating taking it 2 months ago first 2 weeks got the runs every other day also because I work outside was getting queazy from the sun .the runs started going away after 4 weeks but then I started getting headaches and tired .it felt  like somebody pulled the plug .
I got the skyla about 3 months ago and the one period I 've had since then has been super light . I am sexually active so it 's worked so far as to prevent pregnancy , but the one thing I hate is the cramps. Every month so far I 've gotten these sharp and really painful cramps , yet I still don 't bleed. I 'm hoping they will fade away within the next few months, but other than that I love it.
I have suffered from severe depression for over 3 years, mood swings, irritable, loss of interest, huge lack of energy, absolutely no motivation, anxiety, paranoia, and panic attacks. I was prescribed 100mg extended release 2 times daily and its amazing how quickly it works. I don 't have nearly as many mood swings as before, I have tons of energy (once you are on Wellbutrin you realize just how much depression really affects you without even noticing it), tons of motivation. (I used to debate whether I should do this or that now I just do it there 's no question whatsoever). However it did not help my anxiety or panic attacks, the side effects for me were a very annoying twitching and dry mouth. I have only been on it for a week so time will tell.
Yes it works but I wake up with my stomach in PAIN and I feel nauseous! I 've only taken this 2 times and each time it has happened.
I have been on Nuvaring since I was 15, now I am 24 and I 've only been on Nuvaring. I 've enjoyed this product BUT I can say it has changed my mood and I have no sex drive. I 've been with my boyfriend for 8 years and I just get angry at him for no reason. For years I thought I was mentally ill but I have finally realized it 's my Nuvaring. Most people post on here have recently started using it, of almost 10 years of using this I can say it 's a love/hate relationship. Pros: It does its job! Cons: Mood swings, headaches, and no sex drive. I am looking into nexplanon, but scared to turn out into a crazed fiend and put more strain on my relationship. I 've been irregular all my life so I don 't know with a new bc.
As far as I 'm concerned, this works great. I 've been on this for three days and my staph infection has considerably been reduced but the side effects are bad. I 've actually taken the drug for the same purpose a month before with no side effects, so I don 't know what the deal is. The first night I had at least half of the listed side effects and was probably the worst night of my life. I still haven 't had any sleep and I 've been on Septra DS for three days. 
Initially I had to get used to the dizzy feeling after standing up too quickly. I rise slower now. I combat the mild dry mouth and cough by drinking lots of water. The diuretic effect, plus my coffee and water intake in the morning, makes me wish I could move my cubicle into the bathroom. That effect tapers off during the day.
It has helped a little with the voices I hear and help a lot with visual hallucinations, but not touch hallucinations. Does not help that much with Paranoia.
So far after one pill, and 34 more to go (5 a day) it feels like the needles are still stabbing me in the upper back. I 'm 46 and I had my first outbreak of shingles when I was 17. I had the full blown blisters and all - Knives was the feeling then. The Doc just changed my script from Famvir to this Acyclovir I hope it will work the same. Mine are 800mg 5 times a day and they gave me three refills. They don 't know what to do with me.
It did help a lot.  I used it for several months until I just couldn 't stand the dry, grainy eyes.  I finally stopped it due to the eye problem.
I started to take this medicine in October 2009. I have had 2 kids and about 6 months after my second was born I decided I had to get this weight off! I weighed 218lbs when I started taking these and today I am at 185lbs. That is 32 pounds so far. I still have about 20 I would like to lose. I don 't go to the gym or &quot;exercise&quot; everyday, but the pills give me more energy and I move around a lot more. I have the energy to get up and go when I would normally have a hard time getting motivated. I sometimes have to remind myself to eat because my food cravings are hardly there at all when I take the pill. I do notice that I get a dry mouth, but drinking water helps and I love this medication. I think it is amazing.
Good only for temporary use.
This medicine really hit me hard at first. Taking it laid me out but it did its job, so now I 've been on it for almost 2 years and it 's not working as well as at first and my doctor has had to up the dose two times. I 'm already ready for it to be dosed up again, scared I 've built up a tolerance for it.
I 've been on the generic version of Wellbutrin SR 100mg once a day a little over a week. Added to supplement my 20mg Prozac twice a day, and .5 Klonopin twice a day. I 've been on the Prozac and Klonopin over a year and it began to be not as effective. I began to feel very depressed along with my anxiety also I 've gained about 20lbs so my psychatrist prescribed 100mg Wellbutrin SR once a day in morn to help. So far I 've noticed I 'm extremely tired about 1 hour after taking, so tired even my strongest cup of coffee can 't keep me awake. I know Prozac and Klonopin can have this as a side effect but my body is well adjusted to that now, those side effects are long gone.I 've noticed better focus and reduced appetite, so now I will just wait.
Was on this for so long and once getting off of it, I had a hard time getting pregnant
I 've been on Reclipsen for a month for regular birth control, period regulation ,and period cramps. The first few days I had overall body weakness and a bad headache, both which subsided after those days. I had unprotected sex a week and a half after starting and did not get pregnant so it 's good for that, but when my period came around the first day was awful, the worse it had been in awhile. I heard you have to take it for more than a month for the cramps to ease up so maybe next month will be better. I 'll obviously also have to wait until next month to see if my period comes around the same time , but overall I 'd probably recommend to a friend.
I 've been on Contrave for 3 weeks.  I 've lost 7 lbs total.  I 'm really watching my calories and stay around 1100 calories a day.  No side effects but I do get cravings in the afternoons.  I did have a headache the first week, but I think that was from my body reacting to no junk food.
I have Insomnia caused by Ankylosing Spondylitis and this medication actually works. It wakes me more tired than in pain and I fall right asleep.
After a tragic death in my family my depression got worse. I did not realize I had depression until this tragedy occurred. I would cry every day to exhaustion -- until I had nothing left -- just a lifeless emptiness. My doctor put me on citalopram and I am on 30mg 's/day. I feel so much better!! -- no real highs and no real lows. I have tried to go medication free but it is not meant to be. I will have to be on this for life and I am thankful for this drug.
Lorzone really helps with the muscle spams and pain; however, it KILLS my stomach even when taken with food and a stomach protection med.
I am 20 yrs old when I initially got it inserted  waited a month for unprotected sex with my bf to make sure it 's effectiveness, everything was great the first 8-10 months I stopped getting my period and most importantly the implanon was very effective, no weight gain, when I reach about a year/year and a half I started getting acne which I 've never experienced before, at the time I didn 't realize it was the implanon until I started researching, my period started coming VERY irregular, it lasts months with a 2-3 break, made it very uncomfortable to even want to have sex.  So over all it does prevent you from getting pregnant and its very effective but keep in mind these side effects!I only regret it bc of the mood swings,acne, period duration
I broke my ankle and was on 50 perks a week + 60 tabs of 5mg Oxy for breakthrough pain for the better part of 5 months. I was cut off cold turkey and given tramadol. This tramadol made me feel worse since I was already on a SSRI for 4+years. If it was not for suboxone 4/1mg a day I 'd probably be dead. This med works. But you also need the will power to want to quit.Happily oxy free 3 months going. This med is a lifesaver. Just make sure you get the proper dose for your needs/habits. Otherwise you will feel its a waste of time.
I was very recently prescribed amitriptyline at 10 mg for fibromyalgia., which was also just recently diagnosed after complaints since the age of at least 18 ( now 38). It doesn 't help me sleep, even with my low dose of Xanax that was prescribed a year ago, for sleep. Combining the two has given me a more restless sleep, BUT......It has helped with my pain tremendously!!!Within days, I noticed I could work longer hours ( self employed, thank god), and when I do get sore, it 's not as extreme as pre- amitriptyline. I 've lost weight in these two weeks, as before I only ate once a day, and I think my body was holding on to any fat it could, now I graze throughout the day and think my metabolism has been kick started again.
I 've got scoliosis and disc herniation. I was taking Vicoprofen 7.5/200 four times a day. It worked great. My Dr refused to write for it anymore and insisted I take Opana ER 10mg 2X daily. I went from a $15 co-pay to a $180 co-pay. The medicine seems to do OK with the pain...but the constipation!! Also, I feel very sad and somber on it.
I have been on the depo for 5 years now , the only side effects I have experienced were increased appetite and headaches. My last shot expired in March and l am now trying for a baby in the last month l started feeling nauseous, vomiting, tiredness, tender breasts and increase in my sex drive. l have done a pregnancy test but it was negative. Some are telling me that these are the side effects of the shot wearing off. Is this true ??
I was 1st diagnosed w/hyperparathyroidism.The dr. said it wasn 't bad to just watch it.After a couple of years it got worse-I saw another dr. &amp; he did 6 biopsy 's-found that I had Papillary Cancer-following mo. I had my thyroid &amp; 2 parathyroids removed-surgeon put me on 100mcg of generic Synthroid-seemed to be doing ok until I had the RAI, twice, then everything messed up. I was still having hair loss, ears ringing, teeth getting bad, bathroom habits were never the same, cramps, affected my salivary glands permanently so I 'm dry all the time plus I 've put on 25 lbs. I eat, I don 't eat, it doesn 't matter, the weight will not come off.The Endo dr. changed my dosage to 112mcg &amp; I seemed to be doing better.I am back to 100mcg w/previous symptoms.
I 'm a 24 yr old female with a chronic heart condition. In November I was diagnosed with high blood pressure, 131/105. The doctor placed me on lisinopril then added on bystolic. I 've now have a blood pressure of 95/65 and feel tired a lot but on the plus side, no chest pain and decreased swelling in arms and legs.
I 've been taking phenytoin for the past 8 months now as I had a bleed on the brain that caused me to fit. I 've noticed that it 's stopped me from having a seizure since the day I fitted. But ever since I 've been feeling weak can 't remember things from day to day and can 't remember what I done like 10mins ago, I 'm taking 300mg every night and I feel spaced out every day and can 't be bothered doing anything I 'm only 22.
I have had a Mirena for a little over a month now. I was very scared about it after reading negative stories online.  However, my experience with Mirena has been mostly positive.  This past month I have had off and on light bleeding, my actual period lasted a couple days and was way lighter than I am used to.  My acne has improved a great deal (which is a huge positive).  My partner can 't feel the strings. I did experience some occasional cramps, especially the first couple days after insertion (For Your Information insertion pain was minimal).  So glad it 's working out because I paid hundreds of dollars out of pocket, since my insurance didn 't cover it.
Nice to finally stay asleep
Dying laughing at some of the reviews on here as I sit on the toilet with diarrhea that 's been happening for like 30 mins. Took 2 500mg pills about an hour ago w/ food. Stomach is making gross noises. Had nausea too but it 's mostly gone. Like some other people on here I didn 't wait long enough to have sex again after getting treated the first time with my partner so this is round two. Don 't be a huge idiot like me and wait so you don 't have to have the worst diarrhea twice. Good luck people.
PROS: Discreet, no pregnancies for 5 years, no daily pill reminders, covered by insurance.CONS: BV LIKE CLOCKWORK!  My period remained the same ( 5 days) which could be a pro for some. **Prior to mirena I was on the pill. After my first child I knew I wanted to go long term birth control. Apparently it works but I just can 't deal with the constant BV. When I have intercourse with my husband he CAN feel the strings inside. If you have a sensitive system like myself, I 'd look into other forms of birth control first.
Why are the reports for Public to read so jaded against the use of opiate medications? To many false reports of abuse in chronic pain patients are mixed with clearly reports of heroin abuse &amp; deaths from heroin. My self &amp; most chronic pain patients who are well educated on side effects before starting opiates all agree that the misuse of these Opiates would never enter our minds. When prescribed these drugs, it&rsquo;s result is the re gift of our lives &amp; functioning again.  It is something we&rsquo;d never chance losing after suffering the complete loss of sanity from unending pain that effects our ability to function in every way that a normal human takes for granted of everyday, every minute of their day and of their life. I 'm in my 17th years of receiving pain relief  fentenyl.
I like it because so far it has improved my flow 80% over the rest of the medications on the market.
Great
I have been on Loestrin Fe 24 for 5 months now (give it a chance) and although it was more bearable to take 5 mg of Lexapro for the anxiety that came along with it (I would wake up at 3:30 am each morning with anxiety for no reason at all), I now have noticed that I am experiencing more anxiety as well as some weight gain and small break outs. I went from a size 0 to a size 2 and now my size 2 's are tight, especially in the buttocks region. Honestly, this pill is not that bad, but I would have to give Yaz a 10 as far as side effects -- no weight gain, a clear complexion and minimal anxiety. There is just one big negative about Yaz -- it may cause blood clots and that is pretty serious. I would recommend Loestrin 24 fe for women over 40 tho.
I take Diovan along with amlodipine and benazepril. My blood pressure is typically about 120-130/70-84. I don 't know how much is due to the Diovan vs Lotrel, but I do know that Lotrel taken by itself was unable to get these results.As for side effects, I do seem to have dry cough(varying amounts), some dehydration, darker urine, and substantially less-frequent ejaculations. However, I am not sure if it is the medication that causes such things even though such things are recognized as side-effects.
Tramadol works okay for me. It seems to be good for my degenerative/herniated discs in my neck and lower back. Far better than any over the counter. I prefered Fioricet #3 and/or Percocet (oxycodone). Personal tolerance plays a role. I 'm sure that it should be very effective for someone with little or no opiate experience given the right dosage. When I first started taking it I did experience a strong &quot;feel-good&quot; feeling. Which I found out was due to the same action of an SNRI (Effexor, Pristiq). That has lessened, but is still there. The pain management has been the same throughout, however I 've had to increase my dosage gradually to 600 mgs/day over about 6 months. Be warned though! Physical dependence is easy to get! The withdrawals are bad!
After forking out $86 (!) for this stuff I followed the instructions and it worked without issue within an hour. Just make sure you 're near a toilet for the next couple of hours afterwards. I didn 't find the flavor all that bad, it wouldn 't be something I 'd choose to drink taste wise but it was easy enough to deal with. After the procedure I ate my usual food again and everything returned to normal a day later.
I have been taking Trazodone for a few years. I had bad anxiety and a lot of trouble sleeping. It definitely helped me sleep. I had to stop taking it for both pregnancies. I will go back on it as soon as I 'm done nursing.
I am 27 years old, average height and weight, never had kids and have been taking the pill for about 10 years. After talking with my doctor, she decided Skyla was right for me. The insertion was pretty painful. I have a decent tolerance for pain. I think I hurt more after than during. It 's like really, REALLY bad period cramps. And they are intense and last about an hour. I took two 500 mg Tylenol extra strength before and that did not help at all. Once the IUD was inserted I got weak all over and felt like I could throw up. I drove myself home very carefully (at times wanted to pass out) and took four 200 mg ibuprofen and took about an hour long nap. Once I woke up I felt like a million bucks. Not sure of how it will affect me and my body yet.
I have been suffering with grief and loss.  I started with the 10 mg starter dose in AM then 20mg is most effective, 40mg is to strong a dose. Have some dry mouth. It is nice there is no Fluorine, Chlorine in the chemical monogram. I have taken many type of these drug class: Zoloft, Paxil, amityptamine, Latuda, Effexor, Seroquel, Invega, Zyprexa, Buspar, prozac, Abilify.This one Viibryd has least side effects, with proper taper of the dose. And provide some relief to me, but not much. And that is better than most of this drug class. Cheers.
I have been in pain for years and have been on Cymbalta, gabapentin and Tylenol 3 for 2 and a half years. I suffer from arthritis and herniated discs, degenerative disc disease.  Yesterday my doctor put me on Arthrotec 50mg. It made me sick to my stomach but my pain was mostly gone.  I could actually put on a pair of pants and socks without my hips and back hurting.  I 'm 34 and hope to live a long life and being in pain everyday was making me depressed.  I think there is hope.  So far so good with Arthrotec.
I have a somewhat enlarged prostate and was diagnosed with prostate cancer five years ago following an initial biopsy.  Three successive biopsies over the years have not shown any cancer.  However, my bladder has apparently not been voiding as it should and after my last visit to my doctor I was put on a 14 day trial of Rapaflo.  It has been moderately successful, but not so overwhelming that I think I will stay on it.  I have had some slight dizziness...as well as no ejaculate and a slight decline in orgasm sensation!  Since I am still in my mid-50s, I would like to continue to have sexual relations that include ejaculations and a more intense orgasm.  I am assuming those sensations are a result of the Rapaflo.
Hello ladies well I will share my experience with plan B I had unprotected sex on the 9th of October and it was late so I couldn 't get the pill so u got it the next day in the morning at 9 so roughly I took the pill 15 hours later and I was ok but still freaking out so I got a pregnancy test a week later and it was negative and also that week I got my period then in November I got my period but a bit late then now it 's December and I haven 't gotten it yet but I have back pain and a headache Please help :(
But I experienced dry mouth and a ringing in my ears.
I have trouble  sleeping. I am also a former drug addict. I was prescribed ambien and find that when I take it I make a lot of phone calls- the next morning I am always embarassed. Last night I made tweleve phone calls including a former co-worker (20 years ago)   I left a voice message on vet 's answearing service. I also discovered, to my horror, I had sent a number of emails. It is like recalling the things you did when you are drunk. The uspide I slept stright for about five hours (rare for me) and was not groggy. Indeed, I enjoyed about forty-five mintues to an hour of cheerfulness I remembered the phone calls
I have been on Ortho Tri-cyclen or its generic equivalents for about a year and a half ago as an acne treatment. The first few months starting it my skin saw no change/ even got a little worse but then right around that three month mark it started clearing up beautifully and now I only ever get one or two pimples the week before my period. I started the pill at the same time I started college, ended up gaining around 10 pounds my freshman year but I can 't be sure how much of that was a result of the pill. No negative impact on emotions which was a nice surprise considering what I had heard from friends.
I 've had trichotillomania ever since I remember. As soon as my hair was able to reach my mouth I started to bite off my hair until high school &amp; I transitioned to pulling out my hair. My hair became so thin &amp; I had bald spots &amp; constantly got made fun of for my thin hair. Sophomore year I began to see a psychiatrist for this &amp; he prescribed me fluoxetine &amp; lamotrigine. I have never told anyone my condition except my family &amp; psychiatrist. I started off my dosage very low &amp; worked them up to the highest mg possible. I am now a freshman in college &amp; my hair is almost as thick as it was before I started pulling. I am no longer made fun of for my hair. I still pull but a lot less than I ever did. The medicines also helped with my depression.
Have had rheumatoid arthritis for 5 years. Taking methotrexate for the whole time. It quit working as well. Just went on Enbrel 12 weeks ago, now have right arm swelling, pitting edema, trying to figure out what it is. I am 47 and shouldn 't have any extremity swelling. Have never had any swelling of arms or legs. It is not DVT had ultrasound to rule that out. Common sense would say Enbrel triggered something. Hope it resolves and isn 't anything serious.
Today is my first day taking it. 7/29/15. I am a 22 year old female and weigh 270. I have exercised and ate clean plenty of time where I would lose about 20 pounds each time but would lose motivation and gain it all back plus more. I asked my doctor about this after being on qysmia last year and hearing some friends talk about it. I take a half of pill in the am before breakfast and the other half between 1pm &amp; 2pm. I didn 't have any headaches or nausea. I was very energized all day at work. No dry mouth so far either. I 'm going to check every week and see where I am at. I know its no miracle pill but the doctor said it would be a great JumpStart to a new me. By the way I have already changed my eating habits before starting this.
Hair loss, extreme fatigue, weight gain, hands trembling and sometimes ringing in ears.
Have been taking Diovan 160mg twice daily along with hydrochlorothiazide 25mg for 2 years. Developed a shortness of breath which they told me was asthma problem that I never had before. I insisted it was the medication and was told it wasn 't because it worked great for my blood pressure.  Had 2 near death experiences from &quot;asthma attacks&quot;. They stopped the Diovan and hydrochlorothiazide and I haven 't had any problems with breathing.  I can be very active without losing my breath now.  Now trying to find something else that works as good on my blood pressure.
Just about to finish my first month of reclipsen. I had never taken birth control before and was a bit terrified to start this one. I noticed I was very emotional and cried a couple of times even at work which had never happened in the year and half that I 've worked there. My breasts did swell a little which was nice since I 'm an A cup. My period started 3 days into the inactive week. I 've always had painful cramps and trouble sleeping while on my period but this one was by far the worst. The first night I started my cramps were extremely painful and I couldn 't fall asleep after waking up in the middle of the night for the first two nights. Acne is the same it hasn 't helped or made it worse. Overall this has been a decent 1st experience
I loved the intended effects of Vyvanse, as it worked better than anything else I 've tried.  However, I was not able to tolerate the stomach-related side effects.  I still want to try it again once other problems with my stomach are resolved, to see if I can tolerate it then.
Unfortunately I am prone to YI and I don 't know why it occurs often but I usually get Diflucan scripts from my doctor, apparently oral meds aren 't for me because my YI never clears. I was scared to try this because of so many bad reviews but after I showered, I used this around midnight and when I woke up the following morning I felt 10x better. Still little swelling but no pain, burning or itching. I went to urinate and there was a lot of discharge/meds exiting my body so I would recommend wearing a pad after using this applicator. Hopefully this clears up for good within the next few days. Good luck ladies!
It 's good Friday 2016.  I got up today at 1pm. I went to bed at 11pm last night. My wife claims the dose isn 't helping. it sure is helping me sleep, I have not  added or changed any other meds.
I have taken Savella for 5 weeks, 50 mg bid.  It definitely has helped decrease the pain and helped me be able to live again.  The first few days on it I experienced some agitation, but after that it was good.  The only negative that I have noticed is that I have gained 2.5 pounds every week since I have been on it and have had no changes in appetite which is very discouraging.
I was initially prescribed Quetiapine for bipolar / insomnia in addition to the Depakote I was already taking. I was to start at 50 MG and gradually build up to 200 MG, but the first night taking it at 50 MG completely knocked me out for the night and the following day. The effects felt a little less strong the following day, but I didn 't feel I could go up to 100 MG, so I called my doctors office and they suggested I go down to 25 MG.Which has worked wonderfully for sleep and I 've been doing that for the last month. I sleep through the night now, but only feel groggy in the AM the following day and not the entire day. Sleeping 7-8 hours a night after sleeping 5 hours or less for so long is a huge improvement.
I was diagnosed with Renal Cell Carcinoma on the 30/1/14 stage 4 with tumors on my lymph nodes and around my stomach and was told I had 9/12 months to live, my left kidney was removed in Sept 13 but this was my downfall and the Cancer spread. After starting Sutent in February I can honestly say it has helped me, the tumors on my lymph have shrunk and the cancer in my stomach has not changed, the side effects were harsh on my first cycle which was 50mg , the usual side effects, sore tongue, hands, feet, etc. so I went on 37.5 mg and this has helped also. I have had 4 cycles now and have just started my 2 week break to detox but I feel the first week of this I do suffer withdrawal symptoms. I hope this helps.
After many trials and error, I found that 200mg at bedtime is the best for me. I ran out of refills about 4 months ago and had to go without for another month before I could see a Dr. I know that 's not safe but I had no choice. My family as well as myself could notice the difference in my mood swings within a week!
My DR started me on this pill 2 months ago. I 'm 22 and have never been sexually active. She started me on this pill because my PCOS made me not get a period in over a year. My period came back on week 3 of the pill, then continued for 2 weeks. It was very heavy and painful, but I guess that 's what happens when you don 't get one in 15 months. Things seem to be levelling out no in terms of side effects. The first 2 weeks, I was an emotional train-wreck, I 've gained a bit of weight, but I 'm also on some new meds for my diabetes, which could also be the cause. The only really bad side effect are that my breasts are really tender. Other than that, it 's been great.
Started Contrave Dec 6th and down 8lbs today. Taking 2 a day now and not one side effect. My appetite is less but I also watch my food intake as well as workout to the 21 day fix. I recommend this to anyone that is serious and ready to make changes to a healthier lifestyle.
Great product! It works well for me, especially when I take it on an empty or partially empty stomach. I 'm 47 and my wife tells me that my erections are harder and longer.
I 've been taking Cipralex on and off for the last 7 years but have been on it steady for the last 2yrs. This time I 've only been taking 5mg. because of the side effects I got before, but due to certain circumstances in my life I need to increase it because my depression has worsened and my anxiety is very high. The reason I went on it again was because of anxiety attacks and my depression was not good. I really hate to have to increase it again because of the side effects but I have taken many other anti-depressants and their side effects were worse. I 'm very sensitive to medication in general even Tylenol makes me fall asleep lol. But I 'm also thing that maybe taking Clonazepam on a regular basis may help with my extreme anxiety.
Overall I would say this medicine is very succesful in treating my depression.  However, ever since starting (5 months ago) I have insomnia and sexual difficulties.  These two problems are significant enough to where I am choosing to opt off this medicine.  That being said, these type of medicines have different side effects for each individual, i.e. there is no standard side effect.  I would highly recommend this medicine to anyone struggling with depression.  I wish I could stay on this medicine but unfortuantely my inability to sleep and have sex is enough to disturb my regular functioning (especially sleep).
It 's been only two days but I don 't feel any itching or flakiness or redness. Is it normal or does that mean the medicine isn 't working? I feel a better texture on my face though. Please help!
Aviane works very well in preventing unwanted pregnancies. I have shorter and lighter cycles. However, I 've gained 15 lbs on Aviane and my breasts have went up a cup size and I already had huge breast. Also, I noticed myself being more moody and having side effects such as nausea and headaches. Overall, the Aviane is okay.
Im a 22 year old college student and today, I received my Skyla IUD. I must say I, I  read so many reviews on the days leading up to my insertion. I was anxious and nervous about the pain and cramping. My nurse practicioner talked me throughout the whole process and I even had a nurse holding my hand. It was absolutely not painful at all, definitely uncomfortable but no pain. I did experience some moderate cramping but that subsided after 30 seconds. I 'm only on day 1 so I don 't know what the next few days will hold but I 'm expecting some cramping. All in all, DON 'T be afraid to get this like I was!
Female over 30 here. I have had IBS-D for about 3 years since I had my gallbladder removed. I 've only been taking Viberzi for a couple of days so far and while I started getting abdominal cramps day two, they 're not awful and something I hope will not get worse, but I 'm having maybe 2 bm 's a day and not running to the toilet every time food touches my lips. It 's such a relief to not have bathroom issues every time I eat anything- I 'm praying this keeps working and the cramps go awayl with time.
I 've been taking this for 6 months. First just let me say that ever since I started my VERY first pill I have had unprotected sex with my boyfriend. Since the first pill until now we have never wore a condom. I didn 't even have my period until the 5th pack. My face cleared up and I actually lost weight!! BUT I was always very tired and emotional. I 've started having breakthrough bleeding and horrible acne. My insurance wont cover this so I have to pay 60.00$ a month. That 's not bad but I heard that you can get other ones for free. Because of the breakthrough bleeding I am now switching to Sprintec 28. Everybody is different give it a try!!
Moved cities to try and save money but this hasn 't worked out as planned. I been stressed for the last 8 months and one day I just started getting anxiety attack and just depressed as heck. Went go see doctor. Got on 10mg lexapro for first 2 weeks then 20mg after that. Had minor side effects. Trouble urinating. Dry mouth. Minor head ache and the craziest most vivid dreams. And about a 2 week period of bad depression. All has since gone away. Besides the dreams. Very low libido. Don 't drink alcohol on this medication is takes away the effects. Took me 3 days to start feeling the meds again. My anxiety is more manageable and i feel more sociable.
My experience with Microgestin FE 1/20 has not been as horrible as the majority of the posts.  I was switched from Yasmin, to Tri-Sprintec, to Microgestin FE 1/20 because of yeast infections.  This pill has lessened the yeast infections, but sometimes I have reoccurences.  I 've been extremely irritable and emotional at times on this pill, but my period (which used to be heavy) has become much lighter.  I would really give this pill a 7.5, but there isn 't an option for that.
Getting this IUD was the worst pain of my life. Every one on here is sugar coating how painful the process is. They take this one long skinny stick with ridges to poke at your cervix to get the blasted thing in there. The poking has to be the worst part and if you happen to have a small cervix opening like I do you, they will be poking at it for a while. After the poking the put the thing in. Afterwards for the next day or two you will feel cramping. Imagine your period on steroids times 10. After getting inserted it was hard for me to walk because of how much pain I was in. I then had a 3month period were I bled EVERYDAY. Now it 's been 6months and I love it. When it 's period time I just spot. Well worth the pain.
I 'm taking 1x400mg tablet 5 times per day to treat giardia and although my diarrhea from the diardia has stopped, I now have terrible lower back pain and have experienced bad pains in my kidneys as well. Am currently paranoid because I think it 's more than guardia due to all these extra pains I 'm having but the tablets have a bad reputation for flu like symptoms so I 'm hoping it 's just that.
I 've had ongoing yeast infection for over 2 months now - I know, it 's been too long - but at first I just thought it was dry skin and then I thought it was fungus because I get that sometimes from tanning. Long story short, I went to the clinic, they gave me fluconazole 1 tab, and a vaginal gel to use over 5 days. After these, I got massive cottage cheese (I didn 't have it before). The discharge went away after a couple days and I was back at square 1 with dry skin and redness. I used Monistat 1 day treatment last night and slept like a baby- no burning and no discomfort. This morning the redness is mostly gone and dry skin is completely gone. Some of the medicine is coming out with urination but that 's normal. I 'm very happy with this product.
I tried this after Risperidone (which gave me dyskensia) and Seroquel. It works and makes me tired (when I was a teenager I used it as a sleeping pill). Lots of weight gain though.
I 've been taking Stribild for two months. My viral load is undetectable but I have had two noticeable side effects. The first is severe diahrea that lasts for several days, then clears up only to reappear several days to a week later. The second is very vivid and wild dreams.
I got the Cooper IUD about 3months ago &amp; I can actually say I love it. This was the best investment I could make for myself. I already have two young children &amp; I am 22 years old. I love my children alot to the point of understanding they are all I can handle. Therefore I can not see myself having anymore in the future. I actually wanted to get an Essure but alot of people turned me down because of my age, so I took another route &amp; searched for another birth contol method. Slight cramping but pain killers worked &amp; 2weeks in I felt nothing. I finally found the birth control method for me..the IUD .Knowing I can just focus on my daughters &amp; I with no future children is great. I &lt;3 IUD
Just took half a 100mg about 2 hours ago got very red eyes and slight headache.nothing a few aspirin got rid off .my woman started very slowly caressing me and not long after I got a semmie erect.but then after more intense foreplay I was hard enuff to have intercourse but not solid hard .so I 'm hoping for more stiffness as the night goes on .that 's why I 'm checking the other user 's experiences.but I 'm happy for my semmie because iv being out of action for 15 yrs I just turned 50 so if more happins its a bonus.but I 'm going to take other half soon just incase .but very red eyes I wouldn 't recommend not telling your partner that you have taken it.because you will have to come up with some excuse for looking like a vampire. Also no alcohol et
I 'm 18 years old and have been on 18mg of Concerta for just under a year now. In the beginning I loved it - was able to focus and was very productive with everything. Positives: my grades and work ethic excelled, accomplished a lot, confidence raised. But, it may have just been me, but after being on Concerta I became very antisocial (the complete opposite of myself) and basically got lost in my head. I also suffer from depression and severe seasonal effective disorder and my first winter taking the Concerta was a horrible experience. The important thing to remember with this medicine is that it is not what is making you &quot;smarter&quot; or more accomplished, it is merely helping you to do these things without your ADHD holding you back.
My daughter takes Lialda for sever Ulcerative Colitis, if the cost is a problem talk with your doctor for a discount card through the company when added to your insurance it only cost about $10 with my insurance only its $40 if no insurance I believe its about $40 a month not sure, doesn 't hurt to check out. The card is good for a year and you have to call to renew it at no cost.  She started taking 4 pills a day and last summer her doctor dropped her down to 1. Since then over a period of 5 months its back with a vengeance severe bleeding and pain.
Great birth control that was easy convenient. All I did was just put it in for three weeks, forget about it, and then take it out after the three weeks is up. Sometimes I would have to take it out during sex, although other than that I did not experience any discomfort or it slipping out. This birth control did not make me gain any weight except for my boobs. I did experience vaginal dryness and extreme decrease in my sex drive, which really made sex unpleasurable at times. This birth control made me extremely tired all the time. I would just sleep for hours on and had little to no energy. I am currently off this bc due to that side effect. Caused me to have cystic acne after 5 months.
I 've been on Cymbalta for about 13 months but after reading many of the posts, I 'm thinking I should add this little self-evaluation.  I was diagnosed with autism, dyslexia and hyper-activity in the mid-1960 's when research was still in its infancy. Anxiety was a continuous battle and after failing the 4th grade, all I remember was being in a fog. Cymbalta has cut through the anxiety even though the autism and dyslexia are hard-wired as part of my disorder.  I was recently pushed to 60 mg with improvement from my 30 mg dose.  As part of anxiety, you can feel the adrenaline flowing through you at the slightest distraction or obstacle, but Cymbalta has done miracles to cut the amount of adrenaline released.  Coffee puts me to sleep.
So far so good for my sinusitis. A little anxious, feel my heart beating a little faster, and will wake up a few times a night, but I feel it 's worth it to get rid of this sinus issue I 've had for the last 3 weeks.
Been off and on Lexapro for 4 years now. I dread having to go back on it as the side effects make me feel lousy - headaches, nausea, jittery, insomnia, lightheaded and anxious. After a week though I feel back to normal and my energy and love for life returns. Being a person who prefers not to take medication I know that sometimes you can fight too long before you need a helping hand - Lexapro helped me. If you do get side effects at the beginning I advise you to go with the flow, understand that it 's the medication working &amp; think positive - take care to you all.
Started at 243lb, I am down to 226lb.  Started about 5 weeks ago.  So I was finally on 4 pills a day until the 5th week but I had two days of extreme stomach ache.  I came down to 3 pills, 2 in morning and 1 at night. The weight has steadily declined about 2 to 3 pounds a week.  Truly glad I started the medication.  I have had some of the side effects. The nausea, I use peppermint or gum to overcome. Constipation and dry mouth, I drink more water.  I do get a jittery feeling but it does  go away.  No issues with sleep. Take B12 pills for energy.  So far so good.  But I am glad it is working. It was $227 under insurance but the coupon dropped it down to $99.
I used doxycycline and I really loved the results. The reason why I 'm writing here is that I see everyone 's getting sore stomachs or discomfort, and I did get that too. I went to my beautician, and she said to take a prebiotic before you take doxycycline. I tried and it, and it really worked! My stomach pains where gone and my skin was clearing. No harm in trying, so go for it.
So, this was recommended to me by the local pharmacist because I have not taken a poop in a week!! I was so uncomfortable and in pain, I will say, the experience drinking this was HORRIBLE, I had the grape flavor and it was unbelievablely sour, this was my first time taking this stuff for constipation. I guzzled down a full 10oz bottle at 8pm and followed it with lots of water, it gave me the worst nausea of my life and it took my all to hold it down, and it bloated me like a balloon, I stayed up until about 2am and nothing, I was getting so nervous that I just went to sleep, I wake up at 8am, 12 hours later and STILL NOTHING, finally at about 1pm, 17 hours later the dam burst and it was so relieving!! Horrible taste, but it does work!!!!
Im 17 and I started Yasmin 4 months ago as I broke out in acne and I also had PCOS. This is not good when you do modelling, I was devastated. The doctor also started me on antibiotics to give the pill a chance to kick in. I have mood swings but I think that 's pretty normal for a teenager, haven 't really changed in my weight, but the great thing is my acne has cleared up, I can go without makeup now. I still get pimple breakouts every now and then but that 's also a normal teenage thing. The doctor wants to change me to a milder pill soon, but if I break out again I will be asking to go back on Yasmin&gt;
I wanted to share because I had the liletta IUD inserted today and I was terrified after reading all these reviews. I almost didn 't go through with it.  However, after a lengthy discussion with my doctor, I did.  And personally, the pain during was nothing. Literally felt like a small pinch.  And so far, I 've had no cramping.  Yes, I 'm bleeding but I 'm on my period, per my doctor the best time to put it in.  I can 't believe how worked up I was about the pain, I 'm not saying the reviews are false because everyone is different but to anyone reading these who hasn 't had it.  Don 't fully take these to heart. You know your body.  Talk to your doctor. I 'm so glad I went through with it.
It was mainly prescribed as a sleep aid, in addition to its antidepressant qualities. I was on regular Seroquel and now on XL as I have trouble staying asleep. It 's slightly better. I 'm getting 6 hours of sleep a night. I am not usually groggy or snowed by this, maybe once per 30 doses. I 'm ok with it. Only downside is cost (XL is brand)
Just started Celexa, and already I noticed the more feeling of calm, and calm is not something I think I 've ever been, I get angered easy, upset, cry, feel overwhelmed, hopeless, feel better off dead, mood always up and down because of how many losses I have had in my life, feeling like a failure, you name it, I really hope this helps me long term. I 've noticed a difference already and am optimistic.
Very effective for reducing anxiety and obsessive compulsive thoughts. However, it causes constipation. You shouldn 't stop taking this medication suddenly as it causes withdrawal symptoms (nausea, diarrhea, dizziness and zaps).
I got nexplanon on Nov 11,2014 mostly because of my periods. Before the implants my periods would last 8 days cause me to have severe cramps, migraine, painful breast, and low appetite. I had it implanted the last day of my period the insertion process was about 15min long. My doc numbed the spot opened it a bit stuck the stick in and bandage. I cleaned the spot put a&amp;d on the spot, within a week or 2 no spot no itching. Keep it clean. Immediately my periods were much lighter. After 2mths of regular periods I spotted until August 2015 (8mths) The spotting was very light. I had no other side affects. Since mid August 2015 (11mth)I have not had a period or spotting. I plan on keeping the implant and replacing it after the 3rd year
I have had 5 surgeries on my left shoulder. An unknown bacterial infection was introduced during 2nd surgery after 1st surgery failed. I ended up with a reverse delta arthroplasty. Since the last surgery I have been on high doses of pain killers &amp; have always had Flexeril prescribed for me, though I stopped using it because it never touched the pain from muscle spasms &amp; cramping. Recently, my doctor prescribed Skelaxin. I was astonished at the difference! There was a noticeable difference in 2 days. Taking it 3x/day I got a great deal of pain relief &amp; less muscle pain. Unfortunately, I can 't use the drug because even the generic is too expensive for my very limited disability income. I hate knowing it 's out there but unavailable to me! :(
I have been on Sutent for three years and my renal tumor has been reduced by half and the metastasis almost eliminated. Side effects are not as bad as when I first started on the drug.
I had my Paraguard for 9 1/2 years. I only have 1 child who is 14 now. I had her when I was young so I knew I didn 't want to have any more kids for awhile. Neither less to say, I have been with my husband now for 10 years and we both love it! Other than a heavy period for the first 4 months it was smooth sailing for me since then. Yes, I still have pms symptoms every month but it 's no different than if I had no birth control.  Now it 's time for me to part ways with my Paraguard because it will expire soon and I am seriously wanting to have a new one replaced. I am in my 30s now and not sure if I want to have any more kids. But my husband doesn 't have any so we shall see.
This medication is definitely not for everyone. Be careful when you take it for the first few times and make sure you are close to a restroom! I have struggled with constipation my whole life and my dr finally gave me linzess to try. About 2-3 hours after taking the medication I have at least 2 BMs that are diarrhea. And the gas it creates is horrible for me and everyone around me. I have been taking this medication for one week and I can 't even continue to see if it will subside because it is just too terrible. To the point that I am scared I will have an  'accident ' at work. My point to others is - beware.
After being on for 10 years or more I find now even my pain management doctor as to cut my meds thanks to the new FDA guide lines ,the FDA is so worried about overdose on opoiods because other people has abused them but have forgot about those who do need pain meds. I 've heard it all in the last three months from my doctor I even had to change 3 of my other medications because I can 't be on them if I am taking pain medsTo me ever since that most states made Marijuana legal the FDA as turned to people taking pain meds guess they can 't control the other un legal stuff out their so they try and put the focus on pain meds even though the FDA says that we would  not take pain meds away from Those who need it .. guess what FDA you have !!!!  get your facts FDA
I 've been taking birth control for about a year now and my doctor just switched me on to Lutera from Aviane. I 've been on it for 2 months now and though it 's effective,  I have to say it makes me a little nauseous at the start of a new pack and I 've gained like 10 lbs. Acne is a teeny bit worse but I 'm also using a new soap so that may or may not be it. My breasts have gotten fuller but when I PMS they HURT. I guess these are normal for a birth control in general though.
I found this medication to come in handy for setbacks (hyperacusis ( health condition characterized by an increased sensitivity to certain frequency and volume ranges of sound ) with pain). Seems to help some with burning pain and I feel it may have reduced duration of my setbacks. It is not a miracle drug but I 'm glad I have it as an option.
In February 2014, I decided to get the Nexplanon implant (doctor recommend over copper IUD, simply because I had not had kids and he was afraid my uterus would Easily reject it) and overall, I 'm satisfied with my birth control. ALTHOUGH!.. Since having the implant I have been diagnosed with depression, anxiety and intolerable anger issues, which I won 't blame completely on the implant but if anything it enhanced it enough to be put on medication, which I needed before hand just never went on. Some weight gain, but again doubt it 's Nexplanon related. The ONLY thing I do not like that is 100% the implants fault is constant, light, spotting. Very aggravating, but hey, the implant gets the job done!
I 've only finished my first pack. I did not start taking it the day my period began because I didn 't really think it mattered..my period started a little over a week after I 've started it and IT STILL HASNT ENDED. Its seriously been over 2 weeks now and my doctor says I should just ride it out but I think it 's just ridiculous. I 'm holding onto my next pack until the beginning of my NEXT period hoping that 'll balance things out. Besides that its prevented pregnancy and made my breasts grow a noticeable amount, the tenderness subsided.
First off, I have a history of having UTI.  This past one has been a real doozy and the medication was changed four times!  The last antibiotic prescribed is macrobid 100 mg 2xday.  The first day I was nauseated and delirious with bad nightmares.  It was a sick flu like feeling along with bad chills.  I kept taking them as I thought what else.?!  This sick feeling calmed by third day and two more (4 pills) left.  I feel better but my bladder has been through too much with so many infections with wrong medications.  I really wish my Dr would focus more on prevention.Macrobid definitely gave me bad side effects compared to any other antibiotics...but it seemed to clear the infection hopefully it doesn 't return!
I 've tried about every medication out there for my anxiety and depression; welbutrin Zoloft Paxil , Cymbalta, Emsam, Xanax , etc.. At 75mg Elavil helped me sleep, I had more energy, I didn 't feel restless, and I rarely got upset. I thought I had found the perfect cure until I started to gain weight. I decreased my calorie intake increased my exercise  and the weight just kept coming. In 4 months I had gained 26 pounds. I also started to such severe dry mouth my throat was dry and my voice was hoarse, I also started to have blurred vision.  I really like this medicine but know if I can handle the side effects.
I have been prescribed 10 mg and so far have felt ok. I don 't feel overly hungry but really thirsty. This is day 4 and I am sleeping really well. This is a first for me I have always dealt with my anxiety on my own without any meds. This time it was so bad I had no choice. I feel relaxed and much more positive about each day.
I 've finished week 2 on Contrave. I 'm down 4 pounds. My doctor is pleased. He doesn 't want me losing any faster than that. For me, no side effects. My doctor also said it can take 4 weeks for the full effect which makes sense because it takes that long to get to the full dose. Stick with it.
Helped with depression at increased dosages but once at maximum dosage I had to change meds
I have moderate/severe TMJ and I get a lot of relief from Baclofen. It 's not indicated as a treatment for TMJ but it works for it very well. The muscles in my face, and jaw area are very tight and the tightness causes jaw pain and tension type headaches. Previous to trying this Baclofen, I tried Cyclobenzaprine, Orphenadrine, Tizanidine, and they all seemed to achieve their &quot;muscle relaxant&quot; effects by making me tired. I take 20mg of Baclofen at bedtime, and It relaxes my muscles very well and helps me sleep. The muscles in my face become less tight and I do not grind my teeth as much and my jaw feels so much better. Also, the painful muscle spasm I suffer from are reduced. The drug improves my quality of life greatly. I recommend it.
Currently my medication regimen is a mess. I take xanax 1 mg twice a day, and 2mg at bedtime. And valium 5mg at 5pm and 10mg at 9pm plus ambien 10mg! And I just tried a 10mg librium and I slept very well for the first time in months any ideas?
I started taking Adderall a few months ago. It has really helped me at work and home. At work I sit at a desk, work on a computer and talk on the phone. I have many things going on at once and Adderall has helped me focus and gives me the energy that I need. Sitting at a desk and staring at a computer can make you tired.  Also, it gives me focus on the many tasks I am doing at once.  After work I go home to a wife and a 20 month old, full of energy and active child. My wife works as well, so we are both tired when we get home. After work, there is still a lot of work to be done. With the child, household work and yard work. Overall Adderall is working well. Only draw back is if I take to late in the day, it is hard to fall asleep a night.
I took it for a cracked rib. But if any of you who have been in this boat know, there is nothing you can do for a cracked rib. But taking Vicodin made the rest of my pain go away from other injuries and did make the cracked rib mush easier to deal with.
I have had this implant for 2 1/2 years! It has never failed me. It 's awesome that I don 't have to try and remember to take a pill, or change a patch and so on. I have tried almost every single kind of birth control out there. This is by far the best. HOWEVER...depending on your body (if you are anything like me) it can also have its negative side. I often will go two months WITH my period. Sometimes it is so painful and I can 't even stand up. Also, the have become heavier. After about 6 months I started to notice that they really were much much heavier and very unpredictable. It 's a 50/50 with this implant. Take the good with the bad I guess.
I 'm not even one to leave reviews but I feel people need to know what they 're getting into with this one! Took this at 4.30PM went about my day and Felt IMMENSE stomach cramps in my upper abdominal area by about 6.00! OMGGGGG. Went to the toilet 3 times in about half an hour with watery diarrhoea and laid in bed dying for a couple of hours. The cramps were so bad I called 111 and literally got my bible out and prayed because I personally felt like it was unbearable. Didnt eat or drink anything after taking the medicine. The pain has now subsided and its 8.00. I 'm praying it doesn 't come back 
The birth control pill Nikki improved my acne significantly after only a month of use. I had previously taken Gianvi for many years, but discovered it was the cause of my depression. Following that I tried numerous other brands and they either worsened my acne or depression, sometimes both. Nikki is the only birth control pill I have found that does not trigger depression and has completely cleared my acne. However, I rate it at an 8 because I have had frequent light spotting in between periods and they are not as regular as they normally would be. Overall, this pill is a great option!
Hello,So I 've been on Estarylla 0.25mg for a month and half now. I 've had such terrible experiences with birth control pills. But I can say theirs not too much bad I can say about Estarylla other than I am nauseous as if i 'm pregnant. Mornings seem to be the worst I take my pill at night to help avoid sickness but I 'm sick regardless. But I can say it 's cleared up my ache and NO CRAZY MOOD SWINGS! Thank god.. NO MORE, depression, anxiety,night sweats, NO WEIGHT GAIN. I 'm waiting on period #2 to see how my blood flow will be on this month because unlike the other pills I can say I had a longer period then the typical 3-4 days my period last month was a good 7-10 days. I am hoping this month will be lighter and my typical 3-4 days:)
Was prescribed the 875 mg tabs every 12 hours for an infected cyst. Right from the 1st dose I experienced stomach upset, severe bloating, and Diarrhea that burned. Within several days I also developed a vaginal yeast infection and severe yeast rashes in both armpits.  I normally have a cast iron stomach and can take normally any medication without meals and have no problems.  The augmentin caused bad side effects even with meals.  Stay away from this drug it is well known to cause stomach problems.
I found this to be incredibly helpful. I developed a urinary tract infection on a Friday night and had to go to work an hour later. Within an hour of taking AZO, I felt much more comfortable. It can make you feel dizzy. Therefore, I recommend taking the pill with a meal. My minor complaint would be that I found the time it took to kick in and wear off to vary greatly each time I took it. However, totally worth it. Warning: take an antibiotic when you can. AZO will make you feel better, but only temporarily.
I have gone through three rounds of Rituxan for Auto-Immune Hemolytic Anemia triggered by early stage Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.Each time I have had initial reactions with the first dose.  My throat and ears get itchy and my throat starts to swell.  They give me IV Benadryl and have administered Decadron, slowed down the infusion and I have done okay.It is very gradual improvement in my hemoglobin.  So slow that I 'm not sure it is working but my doctors believe it is.  The only alternative is prednisone which makes me completely hyper and unable to sleep. Rituxan is the better alternative.  Unfortunately it is not stopping my AIHA just keeping my hemoglobin up.  It is extremely expensive though. 
I have been on Lexapro 10 mg for a little over two months, and I already have noticed that my depression crept back. I recently started 20 mg, about a week ago. I haven 't noticed a difference. I have had severe depression for the majority of my life, and I probably would have killed myself without antidepressants, but I feel that I need to add another medicine or switch. It helps with the anxiety, but the depression is what makes me unable to function. This was a good drug, but I have pretty bad tremors, and I 'm thinking I need something more powerful.
I am very happy with this pill. My periods are practically non-existent, I have no negative side effects that I can speak of and it even made my boobs bigger!
I am on my second month of that Saxenda and the biggest thing I noticed is the lack of hunger.  I take my injection around 2:00pm which is the time of my daily energy slump.  I have lost 12 lbs so far, it is the easiest weight loss tool ever.  It is expensive if you don 't have insurance.
After I viewed some web face pics of others, I felt better about my treatment because this medicine will tear your face up. It was a lot of trouble explaining to most I came in contact with the treatment plan, and the looks on their faces were priceless. But, after a couple of months I know of 3 more people who also chose the treatment after seeing the results. One of them is a doctor and this is his statement to me, &quot;you didn 't tell me about the horrible flu symptoms, &quot; for which I replied, &quot;you didn 't ask.&quot;
Male age 50, in good shape. I was prescribed this stuff for what I call &quot;brain fog&quot; which I was experiencing three to four times per month and lasted a minimum of 24 hours.  Also for attention span - which has been limited as of late. I am on 20mg once a day and graduated up from 5mg a day over 5 weeks. The 1st week I experienced some very slight dizziness and slight nausea. Nothing that I would describe as trying or difficult. At about week 3, I started to notice an increase in attention span. After 2 months, I have not had one brain fog episode. I have not noticed a change in mood, though I was not / am not depressed. I will say I am having some of the  best orgasms of my life - and I have been on wellbutrin which does not compare!
Used it 8 times now and very succuesful 6 times. The 2 times it didn 't work was my fault because I missed the correct place to inject I.e. The vein mass.
Watch out for the first three months. That is all I can say. Prepare for an emotional roller coaster. My boyfriend and I considered it &quot;the monster pill&quot; for a while jokingly, yet it is a very good description. Now that I have been on this pill for about 5 months, I actually love it! It 's increased my breast size, I have a very very regular period, and I 'm feeling no emotional changes. However, when I do miss a pill or two, and I take 2 or three at once, I am extremely sore the next couple days. Not sure if this is normal or just a coincidence. Gives me motivation to take them daily! Lol. Anyway, overall, a great pill. Reason I took two points away is for the first three months of hell!
I have been on quite a few different sleep meds because of my head injury. I now have &quot;Alpha Wave Intrusion&quot;, so my brain won 't shut down. Been this way for 16 years now. Elival is the only Med that is able to get me to sleep and let me fall me back to sleep if I wake up. I 'm on 200mg and right now it seems to be okak. In a few months I 'll probably have to adjust, but that 's okak, I can deal with that. This is definitely an excellent choice for me.
I was involved on an job related accident 3-18-95. I had 2 major surgeries on my back. I have been on Duragesic patches, spinal cord stimulator, morphine pump, Actiq lozenges. I have received more relief from hydrocodone and have led a more productive life along with returning back to work full time. 
I am on week three of the medicine at 1.8mg. I 've been feeling extremely nauseous in the evenings to the point of having to take an anti nausea medicine. I started at 215.7lb and I am down to 205.5lb now. That 's 10.2 lbs in three weeks. I hardly ever have an appetite. Only thing that is really appealing to eat is fruit and popsicles. I 'm eating around 400-600 calories a day because if I force myself to eat when I 'm not feeling hungry I get extremely sick and throw up until it 's bile.
I have a lot of pain issues. Mainly replaced C4 C5 disc then fused and C6 C7 disc replaced then fused and Fibro. I have a high tolerance for medication, my body adjusts very quickly and suddenly I am on the highest dose and then it doesn 't work. Last month I weaned myself off of 160mg of Methadone a day in like 3 weeks. Anyway, Nucynta is new, it is my last hope. I am very scared about this because I am already on 100mg 3 times a day and sometimes I take an extra just to get through the day. I CAN 'T afford this but I don 't know what else to do. It does cause nausea and dizziness a little disoriented but those symptoms are fading. 
So I 'm 21, I 'm on my second implant. I loved implanon first time around. I don 't have my period at all, I 've never really had any crazy side affects until this second time around. I recommended all my friends get it. They must have changed it. I got my second one replaced about 3 months ago. I 've had crazy weight gain and I 'm eating better than ever and exercising. My feet, ankles, feet and face have been swelling. I 'm very disappointed second time around. I 'm actually getting it removed tomorrow. Everyone is going to react differently. So maybe this second implant is just a different reaction.
I 've spent many hours reading all sorts of horror stories on MoviPrep.  Here 's mine (I 'm currently on the final glass of the 2nd dose).  Two days before procedure I ate very lightly.  Yesterday, I ate nothing, but did drink lots of fluids including Gatorade.  Drank the first 32 oz at 6 pm.  Took me 1.25 hours to get it down.  Tastes yucky, but not THAT bad.  Results started pretty much right after that and I stayed in the toilet for a solid hour or more.  It didn 't hurt, just a little uncomfortable and some tummy gurgling.  Went to bed and got some sleep, but woke up feeling a little nauseous.  Then I had to get up at 3:30 to do my 2nd liter.  Almost done now.  We 'll see if all goes well at appointment.
Althought it does not last long, it does help with the pain. I use it on my lower back &amp; my neck for arthritis.  My lower back has developed a rash after several uses. I have left it off for several days to see if the rash goes away.
I haven 't really noticed any energy, mood or body changes. I just now that when I see my lab results the stuff works. Also, I have women ask me quite often what cologne I am wearing. They say it smells sooooo good!
I was taking oxycontin 20   with oxycodone 15 for breakthrough qid for severe back pain/spinal stenosis. Previous surgery 30 years ago and no known surgery to help except the experimental approaches with cages to lift. I 'm in the business so not interested. Anyway, knowing my pharmacology, I moved from oxycontin (4 hours half life to zohyrdro 8 hrs half life. And, its ' spot on. Neither is a true BID drug but Zohydro comes close and gives you maybe 6-7 hours of good sleep and if you wake up with breakthrough, take an oxycodone, wait 45 minutesw and go back to bed. Don 't take another zohydro. Fairly flexible. eally works well for me. So much better than force fitting a TID or even a QID oxycontin as a BID. Look at the pharmacodynamics please
Had 3 shots still hurt somewhat for two weeks, took some Sulindac once a day. I can play golf again.
The taste of Flagyl is simply abominable. It should be encapsulated. Been taking it a week with CIPRO. Stomach grumblings sound like a flatulent trombone lasting for 10-seconds at a stretch. 
My periods are shorter and I 'm regular. My face is clear and I haven 't suffered from any weight gain, although I do have some PMS mood swings sometimes but I 've been on this pill for almost two years and its definitely helped this 22yr old.
Was prescribed this after positive ID of h.pylori from endoscopy biopsy.  10 days / 12 pills a day.  Not gonna lie it was rough.  Side effects included dizziness, upset stomach, nausea for me.  Within 10mins of ingestion the effects could be felt.  I made sure to eat a full meal to help lessen the effects.  Even at bedtime.  Sometimes no effects other times strong effects.  But got through the 10 days.  After taking it still had residual side effects for another 2 days on/off.  Then finally on day 3 returned to normal.  Need to do the re-test in 1mo so not sure if it worked to kill the bacteria for good.  I won 't lie I almost stopped taking it in the middle of treatment but kept telling myself this has to be done and I cannot stop!
I really liked this birth control. Except a couple things.. constant yeast infections and sooooo much vaginal discharge it was so disgusting. My periods would also come heavy for 10 days. I mean it 's convenient but I wouldn 't put it in again.
Nausea and a lot of sweating but works well. It keeps me wide awake.
I took two tablets after dinner and went to sleep around 1130pm. At 6 am came around and I had terrible cramps. I vomited a few times and felt better and went back to sleep. 7am came and I had even worse pains and went to the bathroom. After that I was fine. It did its job but was extremely uncomfortable. I don 't recommend taking this if you can 't be home for at least 18 hours straight
I have taken plan B twice and both times I have been an emotional wreck. My PMS was intensified. Crying for no reason and irritability. My period was also out of whack for a couple of months after. Besides that, no other effects.
I was on Beyaz before switching to Zovia. I switched because my periods were so light that tampons were painful and pads were too much protection. On Zovia, my periods are even lighter, lasting a max of 2-3 days with an extremely light almost nonexistent flow, larger breasts, oily skin on my face, weight gain in my abdomen and thighs, &amp; constant bloating. However, my acne has not reappeared since being on Zovia. Thinking about switching birth control. These light periods make me fear I 'm pregnant.
I 've taken Prozac a few times starting at 22. That 1st time was a nightmare! I literally lost time- only remember crying all the time...I don 't even remember how long I took it! But that WAS 25 yrs ago. So I was deathly afraid to try it again til about 6 yrs ago. That time it was a lifesaver! I felt my mood lift alot after a week, then even more after a month. These results lasted for several yrs with some sexual side effects, but less than with Zoloft &amp; Lexapro (which also caused waking WIRED every 4 hrs). After a few yrs it felt like I was on nothing at all so I switched to Pristiq which again, saved my life. Now I 'm back to Prozac. But I 'm sure it 's more about what 's going on in my life. Nothing works without situations improving as well.
I have been self injecting for 3 years and have had no side effects other then what is to be expected. I find it very helpful in relieving extreme isolated pain with predictable results
I 'm ending the second month of using Doxycycline. I initially broke out a little worse than usual my first week or so, but my acne cleared up twice as fast!I take 150mg once a day (usually before dinner), and I use Retin-A micro in the evening, Aczone in the morning, and Cetaphil face wash before applying both.I still get the occasional blemish, but my skin has never been more clear!I am starting to ween myself off the pills this week, and I 'm hoping my skin stays clear only using the topicals!
I am on my 2nd day using Abreva&reg;, so far so good. I like how it numbs the area and stops the Itching. Very Relieving! In regards to &quot;quicker healing&quot;, It has helped in avoiding a larger breakout. My breakout isn 't as big and nasty as it gets without treatment so I am pleased so far, some things work different for others so I can only speak for myself but it never hurts to try!
I started taking Chantix the last week of September and I have been smoke free for three weeks! My doctor only gave me the prescription for a months worth..so now I am off of it. Today is the second day without taking Chantix, and my mood has been changing, I am yelling at everything, and I am so tired. I even realized at the last minute that I was allergic to the stuff. I am glad that I am smoke free, but I will be glad when the medicine is out of my system.
I suffered from Migraines with increasing frequency from about 6 years old. When I was about 14 I started to get them four or five times a month. At 15 I had a constant Migraine; I would black out and faint every time I stood up, I couldn 't sleep or eat. At points I just wanted to die. It never went away and a long list of pain killers and other medications failed to work. Propranolol stops them almost completely. I still get them every couple of months, but that is not so much of a problem.
I have been on Cymbalta for several months and found that 60 mg is very helpful for sleep and some pain relief.  I still have flare-ups, but they don 't seem to last as long.  I have not experienced the &quot;Fibro Fog&quot; while on this medication.   I have lost some weight.  My energy levels have not improved, I get periods of numbness in fingers and toes, but that is attributable to my spinal damage.
I always had trouble finding the right birth control for years now. Not only would certain ones contribute to a lot of weight gain or very bad mood swings, I was horrible with taking my birth control pill on time. I was having horrible cramping and pain with my periods to the point that I would have to call off from work! Since being on the Depo shot, I have had no side effects. I always eat a lot and I don 't work out often so if I do gain weight, that 's my own personal issue. I 'm glad to read these reviews and to be informed about the bone density because my doctor clearly never told me that. I haven 't had any mood swings or emotional break-downs like the other pills did to me!
I 've been using Yaz for about 6 months now. Here 's what I have experienced. I do have headaches. My sex drive has increased, believe it or not. My skin is clear. Also before taking Yaz. I wouldn 't have my period for 3 months, then when I did have it, it was unbearable. Now, my monthly cycles are very light, but the cramping is still the same. I believe Yaz has helped me tremendously.
I 've had my Mirena for a year now, and overall it 's been a good experience.  I do not have children, and the insertion wasn 't that bad -- I took ibuprofen before, after, and for the next day.  I 've experienced some slight weight gain (7 lbs) that 's hard to shed, and the irregular periods sometimes throw me off.  Overall, I recommend it!
Taking Depakote for grand mal seizures since I was 12. I 'm 28 it has always worked unless I don 't take it. It thinned out my hair, made me gain 15 lbs and makes me really tired.  I take 1000 mg a day. It is very toxic for your liver, you really should not drink on it! Working out helps with battling the tiredness. Hoping to switch to Lamictal again. I hate the side effects but it works great for grand mal seizures!
Relax nicely, act better than cyclobenzaprine
I started ortho tri cyclen lo 4 months ago. The first month wasn 't that great I got my period twice and had severe cramping. The second month I only got my got my period once during the placebo pills. Since I was 14 I started to break out and all the way to high school and college it still continued. Even after multiple dermatologist visits, laser treatments, Antibiotics nothing ever helped. I decided to give this a try and to be honest my acne has vanished about 100% of it. The first 2 months I still would break out but I noticed month 3 my skin was clearing drastically and by month 4 (in which I am now going into month 5) my skin seems flawless. I will get a breakout every once in a while but overall it has helped !!!
I am 54 years old. Started having back problems in 1985. Have endured 2 lower back surgeries, the latter being a spinal fusion. I 've been on Kadian for about 3 1/2 years. Prior to that I was on Darvocet, Oxycontin, and methodone, but had adverse reactions to all of them. When my doctor tried me on 20mg of Kadian it wasn 't strong enough. But I slowly elevated to 80mg and it 's been better than anything I 've ever had.
Chronic sinus and ear drainage
Lyrica 300mg 2 per day for peripheral neuropathy. Neuropathy pain is bad but this does help, better than gabapentin and others I have taken, and the list is mighty long! 
Lamictal has been working pretty good so far.  My only complaint is lately depression is creeping up on me, but this could be just part of the &quot;winter blues.&quot;  On Lamictal, I am not emotionless; it just helps with the dramatic mood swings (I have Bipolar type 1).  I was given Lamictal as an option due to the fact that I requested a medicine that will not make me gain weight.  As I was told, I do notice Lamictal seems to be weight-neutral, which is a good thing.  I haven 't been on Lamictal more than a few months yet, but I am hoping it continues doing its job.
I have used this for only a few months now and I have lost weight and need less sleep to make it through the day. There have been a few odd side effects, including lactation but nothing that is unmanageable or worse then how I felt before it. I take it in the morning with a glass of water and do not eat for 45 min for better absorption.
I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and the beginings of osteoarthritis. I 'm a 24 year old mother of 3 children, and for me, Cymbalta has helped manage my pain. With 2 kiddos under the age of 3, and a special needs step-child, I don 't have time to hurt, and I definitely can 't lay around when I have a flare-up. Cymbalta has made the pain lessen from a screaming pain, to more of a whisper. Do I still have flares? Yes. But they are fewer and the pain is less, and I am able to control my flares better with the help of naproxen and a muscle relaxer. As far as side effects, I 've noticed some loss of appetite and constipation. Every medication has some sort of negative effect, but you have to pick and choose what you are willing to live with.
I tend to get a sinus infection at least twice a year. The only thing that helps me during this time is Musinex D. However, after the first time taking it and not being able to sleep I decided to take one pill every 6 hours instead of 2 pills every 12. Taking it this way allows me to breath and still be able to sleep at night. For me it is a miracle worker.
ok. Well. Im 30 years old was diagnosed bipolar when i was twelve. I 've been on an extensive list of drugs that never worked. So at 15 i stopped taking anything over the counter and self medicated for years I am now comfortable with the idea I may be on something for the rest of my life  and i feel this stuff is actually working for me. It may be because I 'm older My brain( for the most part) has developed where its gonna stay.. Hormones are different etc. My only concern is how quickly your body adjusts to it and you have to keep increasing dosage.  I hope we will get to an appropriate level quickly to maintain an even head.. But honestly feel this has made a significant difference for me..
I don 't hear voices any more.
This is my 3rd month taking Contrave and have lost 10 lbs.   I am OK with losing the weight slowly.  I am still taking 1 pill in the morning and 1 in the evening.   Contrave keeps me fromcraving sweet treats and that is a plus for me. I read one of the ladies comments where she said she began to bleed.  I also have that problem. I am not sure if it is Contrave or if it&rsquo;s a Menopausal problem. I have visited my OBGYN to rule out any other complications before I stop taking Contrave.  My doctor has scheduled me for an outpatientD&amp;C, Hysteroscopy and myosure. Let me know where you found Contrave cause bleeding
About a week after I got my wisdom teeth surgical removed, I began to have painful constipation due to the side effects of the pain medication I was taking, despite an all liquid diet. I had taken the pill version of Ducolax before, but wanted to try a different, more natural remedy. I took the recommended dose for adults, 3 tablespoons (recommended is 3-4tbs) around 1:00pm. I took a nap and 5 hours later, still nothing. At 6 pm I took another 2 tablespoons, this time with 2 full glasses of water. The relief finally occurred around 9:30pm that same day. However, after the first time it has continued to flood out like water almost every 30 minutes. I am talking severe anal leakage. Just be patient and wait after the first dose, unlike me!
I just started using Lyrica but I still sometimes have to take a Aleve with it some nights because I cannot sleep due to fibromyalgia pain.
I have just started Savella. Been on it for only two months, but it is helping.  My energy level has increased and my &quot;bad days&quot; are not nearly as bad as they used to be.  I sweat like crazy, but I will take that over being so exhausted and in pain.  I feel more refreshed when I wake up, like I actually slept.  I was on Cymbalta before and took the life right out of me.  This is a huge improvement for me and I think things are finally looking up.
At first it made my sex drive non-existent... but after a while of taking it I feel back to normal, if not better! Honestly, it has made me happier and more energized. The pharmacy tried to change me to another one today... no way. My sister also takes this one and loves it too. I recommend it to my friends looking to start a lower dose pill. Most reviews are negative, but remember ladies, everybody is different, reactions are different. If it doesn 't work for you, change it to one that will.
I 'm lucky as I live In the U.K. And we don 't have to pay for our medication. Before I started taking normal quetiapine 600 mg at night for bipolar 1, I was completely manic. I thought the government was poisoning our food. Aliens from out of space were trying to take over the government. I was trying to invent a virus to take over everybody 's computer to save the world. Couldn 't hold a relationship. Family and friends disowned me because I was wild especially if I drank alcohol but just after 7 weeks of taking quetiapine I 've totally got life In perspective and even laugh about the way I was. The racing thoughts are much more manageable. At first this really knocks you out. But say after 3 weeks it starts working or did for me.
I 've been on Celexa for almost 3 years now and I 'm very happy with the results in regards to my depression. Most of the sideffects went away after the first year but it has definitely altered my sleep and I have absolutely no sex drive. I would highly recommend it for effectiveness but if you 're not okay with living with some side effects it may not be for you.
I have pretty severe PTSD with some generalized free-floating anxiety.  When the Klonopin just wasn 't cutting it anymore, and I 'd tried so many other drugs (Atarax, Remeron, Buspar....) with no relief, I finally convinced my doctor to let me give Gabapentin a try.  I also have chronic pain symptoms, so I thought that there was a chance it would help with that (it only helped a little), but literally, with my first dose I felt like a ton of weight had been lifted from my shoulders.  I was happy and not anxious.  Unfortunately, it petered out on me over a few months.  I taper off and after a few months get back on.  Still works!
I noticed a bothersome &quot;pimple&quot; that never healed on my back a few yrs ago. After biopsy the dermatologist diagnosed it as basal cell. She lasered it twice for removal. I noticed another spot on my left shoulder, and 3 more spots on my chest 6 mos ago. I have no insurance so Dr suggested Zyclara cream. My first session was 1 week on, 1 week off, then another on and another off. It brought out more spots (which shocked me) in my cleavage and upper chest area. She put me on a second session of 2 weeks on, 1 week off, 2 weeks on. I just finished that session, and other than the new lesions that appeared from the cream, the original spots are almost gone. I have had no apparent negative side effects while using this cream.
it is effective.got a good medication..
this was extremely effective at treating my UTI but made me feel awful whilst taking it.. was like i had a hangover for days and my urine was bright neon coloured
It works very well...for 3 hrs., which is too bad. Please take as directed. If not, you 'll run out early. Believe me, you 'll be sorry when you 're in pain and realize you 've run out. It 's very tempting to take more when you 're in pain, but DO NOT DO IT!
I have been on Victoza for 10 days at 0.6 and the side effects have been minimal - just a bit of abdominal disturbance late morning and a feeling of tiredness in the afternoon. I have been injecting before breakfast but am thinking of moving that to last thing at night to see if it makes a difference.Blood sugar readings first thing in the morning are definitely lower. Did feel a loss of appetite in the first few days and ended up missing out lunch, but found I was then eating a lot for supper, so have tried to stick to three meals at day and just keep the portion sizes small. Will no doubt be moved up to a higher dose after the first month but hope this does not cause any additional side effects.  Also take 2500Mg Metformin daily.
The lidocaine patches made by Endo and Watson are wonderful. The Mylan brand however is terrible.  Mylan patches don 't stick very well to skin, and bunch up and come off very quickly. Sweating also makes them come off. Mylan patches don 't seem to work very well either, but that may have to do with the fact that they are so hard to keep on. They do however stick quite nicely to my clothes. Every time I tried to keep one on my hip, it quickly bunched up and stuck  fast to my nylon underpants and ruined them.  CVS &amp; Rite Aid switched to Mylan generic brand (in my area), forcing me to transfer my prescription to Walgreens. Call around to find pharmacies that still carry other brands, and write letters to inform your pharmacy.
My third UTI in three years and this is my least favorite medication (I 've had different prescriptions each time) although I guess it 's working... I 'm on day 2 out of 3 days only and urinating isn 't as painful as it was the first day. BUT. the side effects from this medication are awful. I normally am never affected by side effects from any antibiotics but these are making me feel sick, nauseous, and weak all day.
Used for ADHD treatment in my 8 year old daughter.  We had to increase her dosage to last the school day.  Only real pitfall is it comes in a glass bottle and not easily transported.  We switched to a pill that I can keep on hand....for mornings when ADD mom forgets :-)   ALSO stupid expensive unless you get the $20 copay card from your DR.  They will send you another after 12 uses.  Did have to get authorization from insurance for this med.
First impression: Just got recommended this by the dermatologist and used it tonight. So far it seems fine, just annoying to apply as a lotion on my scalp since my hair is thick and my seb. derm. is all over  in different places on my head it took like 20 minutes. I might use it as a rinse depending if I got in on all the way or not by applying it as a lotion. It definitely calms the itching but feels a little stingy which is common and normal I just have to adjust to it. The smell is not really noticeable it smells a lot better than Tgel. It feels more like a oil than a lotion. We will see if this works! Fingers crossed in the mean time I 'll hide in my french beret hat hoping that my head will clear up.
I have been on bontril for quite a few months now and have lost 30+ pounds. It 's been very stubborn, but has came off slowly. I don 't eat much anymore and it takes very little to fill me up. My energy levels are about the same and occasionally I will have asomnia. I wish I knew what to do to make it come off faster, I exercise and drink lots of water. I get weighed in every other week and have always lost weight it 's just only a pound here or there. But I have to say this is the only product that I 've actually lost weight on so I 'm just thankful for that even if it 's slow. Overall I 'm just thankful I 'm loosing weight. I 'm a 5&quot;8 240 pound female
I am taking progesterone suppositories to help sustain my pregnancy after a miscarriage due to insufficient progesterone levels. I began taking it at 4 wks pregnant, and am now 9 weeks along. My side effects have included drowsiness, cramping, bloating and upset stomach. A rather unfortunate side effects has also been vaginal itching and dryness that leads to major discomfort for the hour or two after I have inserted the medication. These are little issues that feel big, but in the grand scheme of things, if this medication helps me to have a healthy pregnany and baby, it will be well worth it.
Had to take it in conjunction with Seroquel for it to work. Currently on 1g of Depakote ER per day and 50mg of Seroquel per night. With the two mood stabilizers, I am able to take 20mg of Dexedrine ER for my ADHD to focus on work/school without spinning myself into a hypomanic episode. Keep experimenting, until you find what works. I know it can be discouraging, but you 'll get there eventually.
I was diagnosed with prostate cancer in November of 2016 my PSA was 14.8 and my Gleason Score was 6.  The good news is that the cancer did not spread outside to prostate and was in 9 out of 12 from the biopsy.   I took Casodex for one month and had one Lupron injection then stared 44 treatments of radiation around treatment 20 my PSA went down to .09.   After I complete radiation I have one more Lupron Injection to take then that is it no more Cancer I hope.  The side effects are some hot flashes, weight gain, shrinking testicles and frequent urination.  After my next and last Lupron injection I hope to be done with Cancer
Have had toenail fungus for 10 years. It got so bad that the yellow nails grew upward at a depth of 1/8th&quot;. Pretty disgusting.  Over the course of those years, I had tried every cream and topical that any doctor would give me, any store bought method and any old wives tale I could find.  NONE of them worked. They would never give me Lamisil in pill form quoting all the ill side effects.  Finally, a doctor who thought that was crazy given the extent of the fungus.  I am on my second month (of three) with the pills and I file the top down with a dremel every time I get a chance.  I am seeing improvement in the rate of the growth.  It has slowed down tremendously.  I am very hopeful that this method will extinguish this horrid fungus.
I just started this medication for my fibromyalgia about 3 days ago.  I 'm already sleeping better, getting relief from my chronic migraines AND it has helped my irritable bowel syndrome.  I know it 's still too soon to tell but I really didn 't expect results this soon.  Hopefully things stay on the up and up.  I have suffered from fibro for over 16 years now and have tried numerous meds.
This drug really helped me! I noticed a huge difference almost immediately and so did others around me. It helped me put down the bottle and focus on daily tasks along with not freaking out on other drivers with road rage as I previously would do. I would definitely recommend trying it, at least. As far as the weight gain aspect, that 's kind of in my favor because it was always hard for me to keep weight on/gain weight. So I 'm happy to gain some weight. I gained about 10 lbs in a week or two. That being said, it has become a chore to constantly be eating &amp; only eating healthy foods due to my extremely high triglycerides (genetic).
I 've been on 30mg of Mestinon two times a day for about three months, I had diarrhea the first few days, more shortness of breath, and some drowsiness, after that I started noticing improvement in my cognition (the worst part of my dysautonomia &amp; Fibromyalgia, to me), and I am able to keep  'doing ' things longer than I could before.  I do notice when it begins to wear off and I may go up to three times a day on it.  I 'm very pleased.  The only negative I have is big increase in eyelid twitching, and awful muscle spasms in my feet.  My neurologist has had me start B-6 for this and it helps a lot.
I was put on Cymbalta approximately 4 yrs ago for depression due to my spouses terminal illness.  I was experiencing lower back pain at the same time and subsequently had surgery 2 yrs ago.  During this time I tried to go off the medicine but discovered that I do have severe pain from osteoarthritis.  Went back on Cymbalta and have almost complete relief from it.  I take 60 mgs. at around 1:00 pm. Morning dosage brought diarrhea quickly and this does not cause that.
52 currently, Fibromyalgia began about 16 yrs ago.. Last few years have been really tough, and in discussing at deer camp with friends, one of them mentioned Mucinex. Read up, bought the 600 and raised it to 1200 's the next week. My pain is at least reduced by 50%! I 'm hearing other supplements in conjunction could help even more but for the moment I 'm very pleased to have been told about Mucinex!
The drug would get a 10 as it worked miraculously for me.   In my case -- and this probably won 't happen to you -- the medication caused me kidney stones, the first of which was agonizing and led me to stop using the medication.  Then the headaches resumed.  I was willing to take an occasional Kidney Stone attack as a tradeoff for frequent migraine so I went back on the drug knowing the risks.  Unfortunately, I peed gravel constantly, oddly without pain, but it was a warning.  I 'm now off the drug.  If it did not cause me that side effect, I would have remained on the medication as it was, again, close to 100 percent effective.  Not everyone responds the same way; your experience will probably be different.
I started on Beliq 3 days ago. I will post an update after I go to the doctor in a month for a weigh in and to see how I handle the med. I will say that is has decreased my appetite and I get fuller faster in the short time I have taken them. I take 10 mg twice daily.  The side effect I have noticed is a dry mouth... Therefore, I 'm drinking more water.
No terrible side effects other than extremely reduced libido and some nausea/weakness.
Was put on moxifloxacin for bronchitis and pneumonia. Only on day 3 of the medication, however, I feel extremely disoriented and dizzy, with nausea that come and go. Feel that my lungs have cleared up a little so far so it is effective.
At 29 I have multiple joint pain and 2 ruptured lumbar discs with sciatica and numbness in my arm and foot. Taking narcotics and opioids helped but then my meds were stolen from my purse. Went to my pain doc for something to help with withdrawals and pain until my next refill. He gave me a sample of Cymbalta. I am impressed with the results other than the headaches and increase in appetite. Helps with my morning stiffness and loss of balance and makes my pain bearable. I do seem to get really sleepy when the headaches come on but if I can take a power nap it helps. My mood is much better but I attribute that to having less pain as I have never had depression. I hope the headaches go away.
Mobic was prescribed to me by my podiatrist after finding that I have Posterior Tibial Tendonitis, Osteoarthritis in my big toe joint, and a heel spur all on my left foot.  I find that 7.5 mg Mobic has really helped with the Osteoarthritis and other aches and pains that I have developed in the past few years.  I find it best to take before bed, as I have a 4 month old daughter to take care of.  Throughout the day I am taking Tramadol, wrapping, and icing my foot for pain relief.  I find that the combination works really well.  In the middle of the night I am ready and able to take care of my baby girl.
I am 54. Over the past seven years I have tried several medications. Beginning in 2009 with a compound cream. I stopped using the compound because I no longer felt that the pharmacy was mixing properly - no effects.  I switched to Axiron - no effect and messy. I went to Androgel, then Fortesta, couldn 't really identify the feeling that I was looking for. I do realize that the free testosterone was the issue. During 2015 I didn 't take any at all as I was out of the country. I developed gynocomastia - as a result of too much estrogen.  Before I left, I started taking Testim - which seemd good. However, the insurance company sent me a letter saying that they would not cover anymore.  I had to take one of the others.  I want to try injections.
Having had a virus for 4 weeks and then secondary Bronchitis I was just recently prescribed this.  I am only 3 days in and already there is a big difference in how I feel, the mucus is lifting, I can breathe and my chest feels less tight.  However it is not without the slightest of side effects which include nausea, a feeling which lasts about an hour after taking and a slight upset stomach and a headache but I can live with all that.
I 'm 22 and decided to get Skyla for birth control. I have an aura with migraines so my doctor said it narrows my options for birth control as I 'm at a higher risk on an estrogen pill. I had Skyla placed 2 days ago. I was nervous for the insertion but it wasn 't bad. Just imagine the worst menstrual cramps thats how it feels while it 's being put in. It passes after a minute and it just feels like a regular menstrual cramp. I took 400mg of Ibuprofan 20 minutes before and another 400mg for after. I went home and just relaxed and kept a heating pad in majority of the afternoon/evening. My period has ended (I had it inserted midway my period), I just have some spotting but I was expecting way more than this. No complaints so far!
I have tried this medication in the past and it did not work for me, but now after revisiting the drug with years of migraines of no relief I have found that it works well for me now. I tend to have extreme nausea and vomiting with my severe headaches, so I also use the nasal spay form (depending on how nauseated I am) They both work well if taken early in the migraine. I did however have severe reaction the first 2-3 times taking it (nausea, vomiting, abdominal upset) but I forced myself to take it again. Now my experience is &quot;head tightening&quot; which I see can be common with this drug and after about 15  minutes of this, I feel a &quot;loosening&quot; and finally relief. I have not experienced any other symptoms with tablet form.
2 -250 mg for 3 days. Worked great! Left me very tired, lightly nauseous and a little heartburn (and perhaps developing a little yeast infection) but nothing I can 't handle. I got great night of sleep but my days were bad. I did get freaked out by some of the reviews I read but I had to remember that hundreds, if not thousands, of people take this medicine and only the ones with bad reactions will post anything (only a fraction of the people prescribed it). It works differently with everyone so do not let these reviews make your mind up. Take it one pill at a time and see how it affects you. Tip: take the pill with a lot of water and food in your belly. This helped me. Good luck!
I 've been on every ADHD medication under the sun. After heavily abusing adderall and lying to my doctors, I broke out in a huge body rash that went all the way up to my face. I didn 't like the way adderall made me feel. Like a zombie. I was wide awake, felt euphoric, but I didn 't do anything. I just sat there for hours chainsmoking while on my phone. I decided to try straterra. I love it! It does everything adderall did minus the tweaky stimulant effect. And, I can 't abuse it :) my adhd is under control,  my depression disappeared, and I feel like myself again.
I am 6 days into Sertraline 50mg for panic disorder and want to reassure anyone who is terrified of starting this drug because they 've read about all the terrible side effects, just as I was. I am a 23yr old female suffering from this for 8 years. Various therapies have helped but I keep relapsing. Last week I gave in and spoke to my Dr about meds. The first night I panicked because I was so scared of the side effects, which turned out to be mild at worst. Insomnia the first night, day 2 mild headache + slight diarrhea, and slight nausea on day 3+4, also loss of appetite. Overall, it felt like a mild hangover. I have felt slight anxiety at times, but it subsides quickly and doesn 't develop. I 'm feeling calmer already not even a week in!
It works well for my anxiety, but tends to last longer than I need it to. Also I get an odd effect when taken with my Ritalin. It causes me to remain focused but on many random tasks so its some times counter productive at work.
I give it an 8. I 've been taking it for the last 6 to 8 years and it works so far. I have informed my doctor that I need to up my dosage and he agreed. So I take a half after about an hour after I take my regular dose and it works pretty good (that is the 10/325 mg). Most times I only have to take that half once or twice daily and sometimes I don 't have to take the other half.
I am on my 3rd week of taking Contrave, so 2 in the AM &amp; 1 @ night. I have lost a total of 11 pounds. I do work out hard 3 nights a week (zumba cardio + weights &amp; I have for 3+ year) I also have a young dog that I walk minimal 2x a day. I 'm unable to finish a lot of meals &amp; I definitely do not crave things the way I used to. I work above a restaurant &amp; many days find myself having a protein shake or a salad due to nothing being &quot;appealing&quot;.  I am still experiencing some side effects that I 'm trying to ignore because I do feel that it is working, but I am nervous about going up to 2 in the AM &amp; 2 in the PM pills. I have a headache most of the time, trouble sleeping, INSANE CRAZY dreams and not as much energy. When have others side effects decreased?
I 've been on Apri for about 6 months now and switched from Necon. I can predict my period to the day and get no cramps and it only lasts 2-3 days. I 've seen a little weight gain and loss of sex drive, and I do feel as though I 'm a little more emotional.
I have been taking Zoloft for about 2 weeks and notice a little difference. I 'm much happier, not so tired as usual. One day I had this urge just to go out and I get my hair cut, nails done and my tongue pierced. I have no idea where that came from. I felt very social and wanting to talk to people. Before I liked to stay in my room with the dark curtains and hope it will rain soon because I couldn 't stand the sun. I also didn 't want any company..just wanted to be left alone. It still comes and goes. I 'm pregnant so I 'm only on 25 mg but I know if I was taking a higher mg I would feel better.
I have been taking  ropinirole in varying amounts for 6 years. It works great but.... I suddenly have gained weight 40lbs in 4 weeks time and didn 't notice it til I could no longer breathe easily. I have to cut back now and suffer with severe RLS because the medication makes me swell really bad. Other than the swelling it has worked well for the RLS.
I finally had enough nerve to have Mirena inserted, but the experience took me by surprise.  I have a high tolerance for pain, but the pain during insertion was more than expected.  I also fainted.  This occurrence is rare and usually happens in only 1% of women who have Mirena placed.  Lucky me!  When I came to,  I was covered in sweat and couldn 't get up.  My blood pressure and heart rate dropped to a dangerous low so I  had to sit for almost 2 hours to recover.  I was given prescription pain killers to help with the cramps and have had light bleeding since.
This has become a life saver for me. The first 2 doses caused severe headache. Since then, the results have been amazing, with no other side effects.
Taken Ritalin over 15 yrs for NARCOLEPSY.   Provigal to $$.  Over the years I have increased to 40mg two times daily.  Have not (and won 't) increased dosage in over 5 yrs.  Retired now so it 's easier to adjust mg.  If I feel it 's not working,  I will stop taking it for a week or two (if possible) and then go back 10 mg at a time.   May be time consuming but never had addiction.   Considering the SR.
I had postpartum anxiety pretty bad after the birth of my second child. I could not sleep and was afraid to be left alone with both kids (not because I was afraid I would harm them, I was just very overwhelmed by both of them). The doctor prescribed Buspirone and I was very hesitant. I always have bad side effects with anti-depressants or anxiety medication. It truly has been a game changer. I sleep better and can now enjoy spending time with my kids. I do get dizzy from it, but I can deal with that. I 'd take dizziness over how I was feeling before the medicine any day.
I usually only get yeast infections when I 'm on antibiotics for something else. They are usually minor so I hate to waste a doctor visit on them. I 've used the generic brands and the name brand of this product. I don 't wanna deal with 7 days of treatment so I go for 3. A bit pricier but I got lucky this last time and it was on sale at Walgreens with their rewards card. Anyways...just inserted the first dose. it caused me some slight tingling and discomfort at first for a few minutes but nothing too bad and after a few minutes it subsided. I recommend it.
Good antihistamine. Can cause drowsiness, but it works quickly and shrinks nasal swelling better than some of the other choices. I take a newer antihistamine during the day, but this helps a ton at night when the other wears off and the pollen is still bad.
I use Gabapentin to treat pain and burning (feet) caused by a small fiber neuropathy (confirmed by biopsy). I take a relatively small dose (1200 mg) at night when symptoms are worst. I usually get adequate relief, enough to sleep, on most nights. I try to take as few medicines as possible and as little as possible,  even though a higher dose would probably provide more relief. I also get Qutenza treatments every 3 months.
I 'm not entirely sure why I am having such a hard time clearing up my yeast infection this time.  This is now my 4th pill (after taking 3 of the 150 mg over the course of 3 weeks).  I typically don 't suffer with burning, itching, rashes...but the cottage cheese discharge is terrible.  I took my 4th dose last night, it was 100 mg, and was expecting to not have any discharge this morning.  Welp...still see it.  It 's not as much, but mid-day, wiped...still cottage cheese discharge.  I am comforted by the ladies here saying it does take a few days.  Just wondering why I 've had to take so many this time and still not cured.
I have noticed a decrease in BPD symptoms just days after taking this medication (25mg) - the reason why I gave it an 8 is because I can only take it at bedtime since it makes me very sleepy!
Excellent. Love it. Thank you Tadalafil.
Still not sure. It definitely works.
I am 63 years old.  Feel as if I have lost out on many years of living. Always had mental health issues.  I managed to work for twenty-five years, off and on.  Never was able to articulate my physical and emotional well being very well to a doctor.  I was just handed an antidepressant and a sleeping pill. I gave up trying to find an answer to my severe fatigue, insomnia and deep depressions. I would beat myself up, since there has never been any reason, I could pin point as to why I suffered so much.  I feel I have slept my life away. Now I am finally HOPEFUL. On low dose dex for one week. I slept a full 8 hours and have a positive feeling of a wonderful 25 years to come!  Thanks for all the comments, which have given me a renewed strength!
Have been given several Restless leg products and have had my best releif with Tramadol, I take 50mg at 2 hours before bed and I have no restless legs. I wish someone would have prescribed this to me years ago.
Wasn 't on this drug for very long, only about 2 months. I felt mildly stimulated, but got no great effects from it. No side effects either however.The reason for the high rating is that it destroys all pleasure of smoking for me, to the point that I don 't want to smoke due to the fact I won 't feel it.Also the only popular antidepressant I know that doesn 't affect sex drive in a negative way like SSRIs.
Reading everyone 's postings about the Phentermine is very exciting! I wish everyone nothing but the best on your weight goals. I have been on the Phentermine since 6/4/16. I will say though this is my actual 2nd time of being on it. The first time I was on it I did have not much success on weight loss. I didn 't loose as much as I wanted too. I was very discouraged. This time I am more determined then ever to reach my weight goal. I was 208lbs at the end of May. I am about 5 '4 and considered being obese. Since I have started taking it I have lost 8 pounds. I am very excited to see where this is going to take me. I do have have littlest side effects dry mouth. High intensity workouts is working for me. Exercise is the results of your goal!!!!
I started taking birth control when I was 15 because my periods were extremely heavy and my cramps were unbearable. Over the 2 years that I 've taken it, I can say that my periods have lightened up tremendously, my cramps have lessened, and even my face has cleared up. However, emotionally speaking - I constantly felt irritable, was always hungry, and got sad over nearly everything. It was like being on my period every day, only without the actual period part. I 've gained over 40 pounds, which I can 't contribute all to the pill of course, but I can say that it has definitely played a part in it. I can 't say it will affect everyone as it did me, but I am currently switching to a lower dosage in hopes that I can get back to myself.
I have a newborn baby and have been having issue with insomnia even when he is sleeping.  Aleve worked wonders was still able to wake up when he cried but am able to fall right back asleep.  Also the pain in my legs is gone too.  Thanks aleve
This is my fifth try at finding something that helps me move relatively pain free through out the day.  I have so far experienced no side effects.
Almost immediate relief, long lasting.
Its been nearly 2 years on various doses of Pristiq, and 100mg each day works best for my mind. Thankfully.I have some side effects that annoy me a lot, like no appetite, nausea, gut problems &amp; worst of all- killed my libido this whole time. It simply ceased to exist. I continue to take my meds. I 'm a widow raising a 12 year old for last 7 years after my Husband died suddenly very suddenly of swine flu. So much has been lost from that day. Inevitably it took its toll on me. Not a complete person anymore. Its like I feel asexual...But I am alive and kicking
Bio: 24 year old, male. Second time that I am prescribed  the medicine Prednisone during a flare-up. I started out with a 30mg dosage for 1 week and lower 5mg every 5 days after. For the second time, Prednisone has made me feel way better after approx. a week.It 's a good thing it has such a positive effect on my flare-up. I would rate 10, but I will not. The medicine does give me some side-effects, like irritation/moody and I do feel very exhausted in the morning after normal night of sleep.However, I am glad it does it work really fast instead of having to walk around a long period with a bad flare-up.If you get the opportunity of taking Prednsione, try it out, but keep in mind that it could have you feeling a bit exhausted/nauseous.
It 's been 2 years, I spotted for almost six weeks straight on the first pack until I had the first period. I gained about 10 lbs but most of it was in my chest. I 'm just now getting back to my &quot;normal&quot; weight, which also means my breasts are doing back down. Periods are really light, the last two packs nonexistent. If I 'm not careful to take them at around the same time, I will get cramping and sometimes spotting. If the spotting doesn 't stop within a few days,  I stop taking the pack for a week and have a period and then start the pack again. Overall I love it, though I have noticed increased night sweats but don 't know for sure it 's related.
42 year old taking anti-depressant that severely affects my ability to get an erection.  I 've been taking the 5mg 1 a day Cialis for a couple of years now.  Performance is good but sometimes I would lose my erection after changing positions many times, not sure why.  For all medicines I am &quot;Mr. Side Effect&quot; and this one gives me pretty regular headaches and heartburn.  I plan on trying something else in the near future.
Im on my 10th pack of Sprintec and its great! I was initially really scared because I had read reviews about different birth controls on google and didnt know what to expect, but you really have to try it yourself to see. I started it for my acne and the first month on it I was getting used to it so I was sad for a week or two but once i adjusted I have had absolutely zero side effects and it has helped with my acne tremendously. Highly recommend!
It works well, although I feel depressed and super drowsy when I take too much. And when I don 't take the pill, I feel like I can 't reach deep sleep even if I was tired. Don 't listen to the people taking 3 mg and over. That is way too much. The body produces 0.8 mg of melatonin naturally for your sleeping purpose. I take 1 mg at the max approximately 1 hour and a half before going to bed and keep functioning until I start feeling tired. I stay away from a screen with blue light.
Otezla worked for me. (Please read entire review). A little bit of a stomach ache for about a week for about an hour after each of the twice daily doses.I was given the drug for several months due to my financial state.  First the free Otezla stopped at 3 months, My psoriasis came back, a little worse than before.  Talked with dermatologist and they got it reinstated, and my skin again slowly cleared.  But again, like before the gratis product ended at 3 months.  My skin is now worse than ever.  I guess I am looking for an answer.  Does taking this product with success and then stopping trigger a worse condition than when it was started. I really appreciate the company giving the product as paying $1233.00 p/mo as it was  is impossible for me to afford it
I was prescribed benzonatate for an upper respiratory infection. I 've had a horrible tickle in my throat at night and can 't sleep. It has helped my cough but I 've noticed it wears off after about 3 hours. Only side effect I 've had is mild headache.
Very helpful, but feel antst at times.
Dilaudid is used for break through pain and it does an excellent job. I can honestly say that this medicine works very well between doses of my primary medicine. I would recommend that everyone follow your doctors directions to the letter, never take more than you are prescribed of ANY medicine.If I hadn 't been put on the proper medicines, I would likely have ended up in an institution due to the pain being so bad. People don 't realize how hard it is to live with chronic pain 24/7 unless they have been there at some point themselves.
Sominex helps me to get to sleep fast.  I can wake as I need and then return to sleep quickly.
Atralin really help CLEAR up my skin but my skin is still not porcelain smooth. I still have tiny tiny bumps but way better than it was before. I also used Neutrogena Oil-Free Acne Stress Control Power-Cream Scrub and I love how the two work. You just have to give it time and right now, I think I 'm almost over the  'it gets worse before it gets better ' phase.
Diagnosed with atrial fibrillation in 2007. Three electrocardioversions, two ablations, a Medtronic ICD and 1000 mcg a day of Tikosyn and I am in sinus rhythm 99.998% of the time. Before treatment I was in A-Fib for 10 months. My Electrophysiologist prescribed  25mg twice daily of atenolol to help with the pounding heart beat side effect of Tikosyn. I turn 37 in August so my major concern is the long term use of Tikosyn. Its a fairly new medicine and there isn 't any research of long term (20 yrs) dosage. So far, so good. It does make me tired, but that is a small price to pay to live without A-Fib.
Works well but very sleepy for up to 24 hrs later perhaps it takes awhile to get use to it
Adderall has helped me greatly, though it is not perfect. Many doctors have suspected that I have narcolepsy, but my insurance company won 't pay for the sleep study because I 'm only in my 20s (what??). Anyway, my doctor prescribed Adderall because I simply could not stay awake in class, driving, riding the bus, watching movies, doing homework, etc. Basically everything. I remember the first dose I took. I felt like a normal person. Not hyper or overstimulated (my doc was worried about this because I also have bipolar I), just normal. I just went about my day and did my homework and washed the dishes and read a book like a normal person. This drug has really changed my life. I gave it an 8 because I still have to take naps throughout the day
I had dilaudid every two hours on IV after my bowel resection. I needed this every two hours or else my body would start going into shock from trauma and pain. The IV was wonderful but doesn 't last long at all. They tried giving me the pills two days before leaving but never worked like the IV. They sent me home with 1mg oral dilaudid and taking one or two did not do a thing. I had to take 3 to even slightly feel relief. It seems their pill form isn 't quite effective as the IV but does last longer but just isn 't as great. I agree as well as it being severely addictive. I weened myself off 4 or 5 days ago after every day use for almost 2 weeks (mostly hospital IV) and I 'm still having headaches and slight nausea.
Heartburn other than that tolerable after being on warfarin for 28 yrs, love the fact no constant visits for protime testing.
34 YOM Began 1 tube of generic testim 6 months ago for T levels around 100, insurance would not cover pump. After approx 1 week, I broke out in a rash, however kept using and after 1-2 weeks, rash cleared up.      Yes, it is a process to apply it in the morning, albeit a maybe 5 minute process. The best advice is to USE rubber medical gloves to apply, otherwise it is a complete mess to clean up, and USE a metal tube key to get the last 25% out of the tube. Rub it on until it begins drying,(30 seconds maybe) wait a couple minutes to put a t shirt on, and do your thing. I haven 't noticed really any smell at all, certainly not bothersome. I do not have recent lab results, so I will not attest to its efficacy,I just want to share my tips.
I 'm 22 and I 've had anxiety and some bad panic attacks for the past 2 years. I 'm prescribed ativan (lorazapam) to take as needed. It helped a lot for traveling and definitely for shutting down panic attacks but it also gives you a lot of ups and downs. Its a benzo so it essentially just shuts you down and makes you pass out, it doesn 't really help fix the problem. I talked to my doctor this summer about getting on an every day anxiety medicine and my mom takes prozac so I thought maybe it 'll help me too. I started at 10 for a month and then increased to 20 for 2 months. I can honestly say I haven 't had bad side effects at all but also it just felt like it wasn 't doing anything. I just recently increased to 40 this month, hoping for the best!
I had a cute review to post, but Drugs.Com believes in cutting to the Chase, so Ok. So, had a yeast infection for quite some time (about 3 weeks...yikes!), not my first one though. So on July 5th, I bought Monistat 1, busted open the lifesaver and got busy. The applicator was easy to slide in and apply. I also used the cream to ease the itching...nah. 2 hrs later I went to class and almost had a freakin ' panic attack because the burning and itching INTENSIFIED like none other. Oh my goodness Cool wipes were a waste, I was better off using Vagisil 's Anti Itch wipes...cooch was on FIYA! However, after all the pain, the kit worked. No more symptoms after July 8th. Would be nice to have a warning sayin all this, but it was worth it to be honest.
I had asked my gastroenterologist about the Miralax-Gatorade prep but he immediately shot it down and said that it does not do a good job cleaning out the colon and his preferred prep was Suprep. After reading many of the experiences shared on this site, I mixed the first dose last night and hoped for the best...and it wasn 't bad at all! Yes, the mix tastes like weak grape soda mixed with salt water but using cold water to prepare it cut the taste. After the mix was consumed, I chewed minty gum while drinking the 32oz of plain water and was in the bathroom within 45 minutes, stayed about 2 hours, was able to go to bed, get up and shower and take the second dose this morning. Result: clean colon and A-OK colonoscopy this morning!
I 've been on this birth control for about 2 weeks now, and let me explain I 've never been on birth control before. I experienced just about no side effects so far, no unusual weight gain, headaches, or cravings. No bad mood swings and it already helping my acne (the reason I went on it). The downfall: I 've been bleeding for the whole 2 weeks I 've been on it. I started it the day of my period as instructed, usually I bleed for 4-5 days but I have had my period now for 2 weeks straight. I think it 's getting light and about to go away and then I wake up the next morning and back again! If this side effect continues into the next pack I may have to give up beyaz:( I am on the generic by the way.
I 've been taking buspar in differing doses on and off for over a year. I was prescribed it and 0.5mg xanax for severe anxiety and panic attacks. Taken together it was helping only couldn 't function or take care of my daughter while taking both. Since moving to another state I stopped taking the xanax and then got pregnant so can 't take it anyways. My anxiety and panic issues got better after moving to the new state. But getting pregnant again my anxiety came back . I was started on a slightly lower dose then was taking before and it was too much for me so my ob and I decided on a lower dose but I upped it due to not being helpful I will be upping again and hopefully it helps... Its a good medication if the right dose.
I began using this cream a few weeks ago as my dermatologist prescribed it due to my photodamaged skin   I use it 2 or 3 times a week and find it fabulous. I don 't like the smell though at all. While I have had no dryness or flaking but find my skin extremely sensitive and applying moisturiser often results in a mild stinging sensation.   I did find that using an Omorovicza oil was  good and did not burn then used a moisturiser. Wondering if others have this issue. On the whole I like the retin A and its results. I only use a cream cleanser as they are the most gentle. I did try a foam one but it also caused my skin to be aggrevated with retin A
I have been on Cymbalta for a year now. In the beginning I was feeling great; didn 't lose any weight in fact I have gained 20lbs. A few months ago I started having terrible anxiety. Thank God I have Xanax.
I had Implanon inserted in May 2009. The procedure was quick and painless. The only difficulty at that time was finding a practitioner trained in the insertion method.  The first two years on Implanon were wonderful, no periods, cramping, or other symptoms. Very worry free and effective.  Starting the 3rd year-when the dosage is decreased, I began having my period every other week for nearly 6 months now.  They are not light or spotty but full periods with all the symptoms.  I 'm now deciding to remove Implanon early because of this. 
I started generic brand of Prozac more than 3-4 years ago. I started at 20mg and am still on that same dose. Before Prozac, I lost almost 50 pounds because I didn 't eat. I was depressed and always anxious. I was afraid of weird things, like taking a shower because I thought I would fall and die. I was afraid to win the lottery ( never would happen anyway lol) I never had anything like this in my life! I was newly wed, and just had baby. So I guess it was normal to have those feelings. Prozac has been great. first few weeks on it I had increased anxiety. Worse thing is I gained about 75-80 pounds !!
I 've been prescribed Flexeril a few times when I 've severely pulled a muscle. I use it as a muscle relaxant only; to lower the pain of a spasm and be able to stretch the muscle a bit to loosen it.  When I was in PT I took it after when my muscles were tight and aching. It worked great for those days I overdid it. It 's definitely not a pill to take during the day unless you 've become accustomed to it. I can attest to efficacy for short term use up to 2 weeks, but am doubtful about how well it would work long term.
Been Taking Morphine Sulfate  30 my x 3 daily for 10 years for a collapsed  spine.  Rods and screws in neck and back, spinal cord stimulus implant also. Started having breathing problems about 2 years ago.  I had  a sleep study and the result was Central Apnea, obstruction apnea, sleep apnea. Dr said central apnea is caused by Morphine sulfate have an appointment  with Dr on 9-23-15.....Has anyone experience this????? Please Help
I am 65 and active, to include hiking, walking in the gym yard work, etc.. Been on 10 mg of Lipitor or generic for 20 years.  Within the past 2 years I have experienced increased lower leg discomfort and within the past year what appears to be lower leg muscle loss, chronic plantar fascia, leg muscle tingling, and a feeling of weakness in my lower legs.  My primary care doc, who is Lipitor intolerant, attributed it all to age, cervicle stenosis, etc.  Have quit Lipitor and Prylosec (been on this for 10 years) and will readdress with my doctor (who 's an internal medicine doctor) when I can get in to see him again in 3 weeks.  Some remediation of mental fogginess which has plagued me recently, but to date no releaf on leg issues.
The pain is down, but I am having trouble sleeping and hot flashes.  At first I thought this was an effect of steroid injections, but I think it is this medicine.  I haven 't slept all night in weeks. I will be in contact with my Dr. about this.
I am taking 200mg a night for sleep for a little over a year. No problems except when I miss a nightly dose, I feel hung over the next day. Recently, I have been waking with a headache. I am going to cut my dosage down by 25mg and see if that will help. My worry is to have an uncomfortable withdrawal period.
My weight gain started in 1/2017 when I stopped moving due to pain from degenerative disc disease. I had neck surgery in 6/2017 &amp; was shocked I weighed 189lbs, I am 5&rsquo;2&rdquo; and 63 yrs old. I wasn&rsquo;t able to exercise until 9/2017 due to my recovery &amp; started w/o meds on the Atkins diet. I had mild success &amp; asked my Med prof for advice. We discussed Saxenda. I was willing to try it until my pharmacy told me my insurance (Horizon BCBS) does NOT cover weigh loss meds. It was $1100+ to fill the Rx!! So NO GO! My Med prof was able to help me w/an 18 day sample. I&rsquo;ve been on it for 4 days, too new to rate. Reduced hunger @ low dose 0.6ml, but bad headaches. Do I want to take this to lose weight SO MUCH, if this is a side effect? 167.5 now 132 goal.
I 've been taking 20mg of citalopram for over 3 months now and I notice quite a difference in my depression. 3 months ago I was crying almost everyday, often multiple times a day. I had no motivation, was not enjoying life and wanted it to be over. Now I no longer cry for no reason, have more motivation and am enjoying life a lot more. Some days I still feel depressed but I have way more good days than bad days which is great. I haven 't noticed any side effects, although sometimes I feel like I am almost &quot;too happy&quot;. I guess I haven 't been eating as much either but I would consider that a good thing as I was eating my emotions previously.
In 2 days I feel 80% better! I did have some cramping and diarrhea, it has almost stopped. On 3rd day now-pretty strong medicine.
Started taking lexapro about 2 and half weeks ago. Started at 5mg dose and upped to 10 week later. Side effects were pretty full on after upping to 10mg. Insomnia, nausea, felt like I was on another planet, stick I out and turned a corner after 7 days on full 10mg dose. Feel good now. Has made improvement with my anxiety.....presuming this will get better with more time 4-6wks.
Been on it for over a year (with a one month hiatus in there). First of all, I take psyllium husk fiber every day and have NO diarrhea...definitely recommend that people on (and not on) Otezla do that. Do get occasional headaches but not too bad. Psoriasis is under control. Had bad plaques but those are mostly red skin areas now. Biggest improvement on the face...which makes this worth it to me. I do enjoy the side effect of weight loss. Would definitely recommend that one with bad Psoriasis give it a try (and stick out the first couple weeks). Still need to use a few topicals as well.
Nasacort does not always work right away and often needs time to build up in your system. I didn 't think it worked at first, but I eventually realized it did. It does a pretty good job of opening up my nasal passages that often have severe congestion. It is a lifesaver when I 'm sleeping and wake up with horrendous sinus pressure. It works instantaneously. I have had zero side effects. I am prone to anxiety like I 'm assuming a lot of other people here. The first day or two I took it, I attributed a faster heartbeat and feeling blue to the Nasacort. It 's false correlation due to panic. Please don 't be afraid to take this because of side effects read about by other panickers.
I started taking Phentermine 37.5mg in July 2015. My weight loss was very slow in the first month only about 5 lbs or so despite a daily workout routine. After about six weeks the weight just started falling off. I am in my third month and have gone from starting at 247lbs to 220lbs a total of 27 pounds...I have not exercised the past month due to back problems yet I still have no appetite...Side effects are dry mouth, constipation and unpleasant taste in my mouth.  Insomnia is bad however even though I don 't get much sleep I am never tired either.  I say the benefits outweigh the side effects! My mood is much improved and I have no taste to drink alcohol or smoke! It 's definitely worth a try
Helped my migraines a lot! However had severe constipation, gained 45lbs in 6 months, gave me night terrors and caused me to have slight depression. For migraines though it was great but due to all the side effects I was having, I have since switched. I would recommend Elavil to migraine sufferers it worked for me!
I had to take this for a colonoscopy. Having not been allowed to eat all day for the day before the examination, I was quite apprehensive about putting this strange smelling lemony stuff in my mouth. Needless to say, I found it incredibly hard to drink. It took me around 2 1/2 hours to finish the first litre, starting at 5pm and finishing (eventually) at 7.30pm. It took about an hour for the medicine to work properly, after I was stuck to the sofa with bad stomach cramps. The second litre didn 't go down well at all. I was very bloated and felt like I was going to vomit, which I didn 't want to do, as then it would have all been for nothing. It 's 5am now and still half a litre to go. Hoping it will be okay as I 'm still stuck to the toilet.
I 've taken Zoloft for several years: once to help with OCD when I was younger and more recently to help with depression. Overall I definitely experienced less crying and general hopelessness on Zoloft. I still had my bad days but in general it 's manageable. The biggest side effect was the weight gain. I gained about 20 lbs in a year. I also felt like I sweat easier on this medication, especially my palms. This was pretty minor though. I 'm switching to another medication due to the weight gain and I will say the withdrawals from Zoloft are tough. My emotions were really heightened and anything could make me cry. Be sure to tell your loved ones that you 'll need some extra support as you taper off.
I recently (two days ago) had to prepare for a colonoscopy (among other things) using SuPrep.  I spent a ton of time reading reviews and blogs about how to make this kind of prep as easy as possible, and now that I 've done it, I know for sure that it is not nearly as bad as most people make it sound.  Sure, it 's not &quot;pleasant&quot; by any stretch, but I do feel like there are a lot of folks who over amplify some negatives regarding this prep.  Now everyone is different and bodies all react in their own way, so to each his/her own, I guess!Taste - I didn 't think this was nearly as bad as folks made it sound. Got my drinks completely down in 4-5 minutes both times!Effectiveness - yeah, it worked!Tip - drink a ton of fluids constantly!
I was diagnosed with acid re-flux in May of 2013 while seeing an E.N.T. about some laryngitis I 'd had for a couple of months following a cold.  He used a camera to look at my throat and said my acid re-flux was severe and that I should begin taking a prescribed medication; Omeprazole beginning that same day.  I had never experienced heart burn in my life except while pregnant and believed the doctor was wrong, still, I did as he asked.  Omeprazole 20 mg once each morning.  After 6 mos of continued use I forgot to take it one morning.  By early afternoon I had the worst heartburn EVER.  I can 't help feeling this me GAVE ME acid re-flux and now I 'll have to take this medication for the rest of my life??
I think it works great for teeth pain, it works for me.  It was terrible for chronic back pain I have degenerated disc, 3 herniated  discs that are turn, stenosis,  need back surgery and was prescribed gabapenten  did not relieve back pain at all.
Been on Zoloft 50 mg for 3 weeks and I 'm starting to feel like myself again. I have MDD, ADD, anxiety, panic attacks and insomnia but since taking this medication I am sleeping again and waking up without my alarm which has never happened.  I was a little sick for the first few days however it passed.  My panic attacks are almost gone.  My doctor agreed to increase my dosage to 100 mg to see if I can get a little better I 'm almost where I want to be but my negative emotions have subsided tremendously.  I know this road is hard for all of us but don 't give up.  Remember the chemical make up in your brain changes overtime, so when something stops working seek help.  Best regards!
I have had two injections of Stelara so far and I am clear of all psoriasis.  I did not have psoriasis too bad, just on my hips, elbows and the side of my nose. I have kept my head shaved which helps keep it off my head. I have been dealing with psoriasis for over 20 years, but have just recently developed psoriatic arthritis (about 3 years now)  I was on Enbrel and it worked well for the psoriasis but did nothing for the arthritis, and it looks like Stelara is going to be the same way even though the doctor said it should work better than Enbrel for arthritis. The only other change in my lifestyle that I have noticed is the fact that I can hardly sleep. 3 hours a night on a good night. Not sure if this is because of the Stelara or not.
I am taking this for an ear infection. My left ear has lots of fluid behind my eardrum, and I feel lots of pressure. But it making the pressure go down but It 's making me so tired. I take it in the pm. 2 hours before I eat dinner then I go to bed.
This medicine really helps.
My experience with the implant has been both positive and negative. I had it put in and have had it for roughly 3/4 months now and I have had a heavy period non-stop, I am also experiencing very bad mood swings. On top of this I have also started to break out and experience mild acne. The doctors have advised me all of this will calm down after 6 months however it is currently a very annoying process as this period is non stop and my moods have changed. Currently the side effects are pretty bad but it will calm down and my boyfriend and I have regular sex and I am not pregnant...so it is very effective as a form of birth control.
The shot is a very good deterrent for me. I am being forced to undergo 6 months of injections against my will. My drug of choice is Oxymorphone (Opana), and Oxycodone 30mg . I 've been using for about two years before I got locked up for 5 months. Got out, did okay for about a month then relapsed. Before I knew it I was doing pills everyday...again. Went to rehab about a month after my first relapse, did the 30 days there and probation forced me to make Vivitrol part of my recovery plan. First shot was horrible at first, I was clean for 27 days before I got it but once injected I started getting light headed. Then came vomiting, stomach cramps, and pretty bad migraines. I 'm getting shot number two in about 5 days.
I started fluoxetine 20mg 2yrs.ago, i was very scared at first taking it but after about 6 weeks I felt back to myself again with my depression and anxiety. I took it for almost 2yrs, then stopped because I felt better now 8 months later I 'm back on it praying it will help again.
The half-life of this medicine seemed to decrease over time for me (I was on this medication for several years). Eventually the withdrawal syndrome went from an onset of about 2 days to half a day - meaning if I forgot to take it in the morning, by mid-afternoon I was experiencing debilitating body aches, nausea, irritability, difficulty concentrating, and general malaise.
Taking for herniated discs in my neck which cause migraines. Cannot take codeine because it makes me want to itch my skin right off my skin. This one made me vomit and gave me the worst migraine I 've ever had in my life the first 2 times I took it. After that, made sure I took it with food. No negative side effects since., and now I don 't even have to take it with food. Definitely works better than anything else I 've taken, especially since I can 't take codeine.
Took my pain from a 9 to a 2! Lasts all day and rarely have to take my break through pain medication. I have ADHD, Chronic Pain, Panic Attack Disorder.MS Contin, 180 twice a dayOxycodone IR, 30mg every four hours 6mg when required of Xanax IRAdderall, 30mg IR twice a day
I have done Flagyl 4 times in the past year.  Clearly, it hasn 't been able to clear up my bacterial vaginitis.  Trying this as an alternative.  Haven 't finished, but my initial impression is that it is much gentler on my stomach.  I DREAD taking Flagyl, this is not bad. Slight nausea.  Much better if taken with a meal.
As for preventing pregnancy, trinessa worked like a charm. I originally had began taking the pill to regulate my period, because I got them twice a month.As for physical side effects, they were minimal. I never gained any weight, never felt nauseated or sick. The only down side I found to the pill was, it made my patience go down to zero. So if something happened that normally I would blow over, I would get very angry and blow up. My mood swings were extremely bad, people just didn 't want to be around me because of how angry it made me. I ended up getting off of it because of my mood swings, and my period stayed regulated. So that was a plus.
I have been Junel 1/20 for about 5/6 months now for ovarian cysts. I have dealt with severe cramping for years and this has definitely decreased the pain. However, despite the pros there are some cons. One being my breasts hurt full time and have gotten bigger, and lots of fluid retention (especially in my lower abdomen and thighs). Don 't like the feeling of being swollen everywhere, makes me so I can 't fit in my clothes some of the time. I just deal with it because it 's better than the cramps I was having lol
Been on it 3 years now. Tried Wellbutrion, Paxil, and Zoloft before going on Lexapro.. Lexapro definitely has helped me the best.  Worst side effects are reduced sex drive but I have to pick between having an orgasm or feeling sane.
Out of the blue I started experiencing anxiety, I was nervous for no reason and having anxiety about anxiety! I tried change my diet and so on. Then I had the mother of all panic attacks (I 'd never had one). I quickly realized that I needed to talk to my doctor. I tried zoloft and celexa, both gave me terrible side effects. I stuck with zoloft for 2 months and wasnt feeling any better so I went off discouraged.  Then I started on cymbalta. Its been about 5 months with zero side effects. I realized a few days ago that the meds must be working, on a particularly stressful day I felt a panic attack coming on but it just didn 't materialize into anything. Then I realized I really haven 't been nervous for sometime. It can get better :) 40mg
I have been on latuda for two years.  I increased the first time and slept like a baby (I had terrible insomnia and nightmares on 20 mg).  I just increased my dose to 60 mg and now I 'm back to waking up every single night at 3:00 am and feel wide awake.  I also have very vivid dreams on this med.  However, it controls my symptoms so well that I won 't stop taking it.  It is the only medication in its class that works for me.  I miss sleeping well, but the benefits outweigh the risks for me.  Just in case anyone is wondering, when it 's combined with gabapentin at night, I have no trouble sleeping, so I 'll definitely add that back into the mix.
Love this product! I started taking it a few years ago to clear up my skin, and it exceeded all expectations. Not only is my skin totally clear, I no longer have heavy periods and I have never experienced any negative side effects. Sometimes when I do get my periods they come at irregular times, but they are always very light. I 'd recommend this product!
I was put on Levora about 5 months ago, due to PAINFUL and STRONG periods. Since I have started to use Levora, I have found that my periods have decreased some in regards to flow (YAH!), and has GREATLY helped me with my cramps! Before taking Levora, I would have to take a pain pill about 2 times a day for the 1st 2-3 days (needless to say, not good for your health). Overall Levora has helped me a lot. As for any issues, I haven 't faced any at this point (acne is about the same, no increased weight or appetite, etc.).
I am 12 weeks pregnant and have not been able to for for over a week. Needless to say the bloating and cramping was insanity and my stomach felt rock hard. I took 2 tbsp of MoM the first time and it didnt do anything. So the next day before I went to bed I took  3 and I woke up and finally had relief! It did come in the form of basically just straight water... Which was unpleasant. But I don 't hurt anymore!
I 've been on Victoza for just over a week, started on 0.6 and today moved onto increased dose of 1.2. I am also on 4 x 500mg of metformin a day.I have had some stomach ache/sickness/fatigue with the Victoza but I 'm sure it will get better. I 've lost just under 7lb in this first week which is astonishing and I 'm very excited to continue to see weight loss. I definitely have seen a big reduction in appetite, I don 't want food as often and I don 't eat as much so it 's a win-win for me.   I have not yet built exercise into my routine yet, just because the fatigue is making it difficult for me even to do household chores at the moment but hope I can soon get back in the gym and aid any weight loss Victoza gives me.
Today is day 18, I am not losing as rapidly as I was in the first week with a loss of 11 pounds total putting me at 196. I started at 207 I am now weighing in at 192.2. All the side effects are completely gone, I still have to make myself eat. I also go to the gym 3 to 5 times a week. Today I weighed in and went up 2 pounds not sure why I haven 't &quot;cheated&quot; my diet. I find that the smart ones brand has desserts to help those with a sweet tooth and you are not totally killing your success. I hope to have better results coming in the near future.
Severe lower back pain. Took my first dose last night. The caffiene in it, kept me awake all night. Took another dose this morning. The caffiene makes my heart feel like it 's beating out of my chest..the codiene in this medicine did help my back pain..I eat before I take it, because it does upset my stomach.. I will be talking to my doctor about switching to something else. I 'd just rather have plain old hydrocodone ....no caffiene .....
I 've been taking Contrave &amp; part of the scaledpwn program for about 4 months. I 'm 5 '6&quot; &amp; my starting weight was 190. I 'm currently at 173-175. My weight loss was gradual but noticeable by others. I feel pretty good most of the time but I have struggled with pretty severe headaches in the afternoon/evenings so I think I will taper back down to one pill in the am &amp; pm. I was taking two in the am, two in the pm. My husband thinks taking this is ridiculous &amp; wants me to stop. He says I look great &amp; taking the medicine makes me moody. I 'm not sure about that but I 'm struggling with weather to continue trying to loose more or stop. For now I think I will taper down &amp; see what happens. I wish my insurance covered the cost because it 's $60 per bottle.
I 'm 6 months pregnant and this is the first time I got an yeast infection. My STUPID doctor didn 't give me any instructions I just used vagisil for the itching for a week. Finally she told me to use a anti-fungal cream so I tried Monistat.After you insert it, the suffering is MONUMENTAL. OMG.I put it in right before bed and lied on my back with my knees up for about 15 minutes. I swear it felt like my insides were on fire. On top of that the entire area feels SO ITCHY. It 's SO intense. I 've never felt anything that uncomfortable. I 'm giving it 8/10 because the next day the entire infection had really reduced and it kept getting better really quick. But every night I used it, the intense burning, itching crappy feeling lasted a good 15 min
Works great and you are not supposed to use it with Suboxone.
I had the nexaplanon inserted two days after I had my baby. I had him in March of this year 2015 it is now August 2015 I bleed for 8 weeks then it stopped. I now have a period every other month which only last about 3 or 4 days. I am a women who has large breasts and I have lost a tremendous amount of weight and my bra size has shrunk!!!  Side effect is that sometimes I get very tired. This birth control is the best  one that I 've been on yet.  I tried pills it took my hair out, I 've tried the shot and I  gained 25 pounds.  This is the one for me - so I will be getting it again
I never ever had an issue with acne in my life until I started working after college (I correlate it with the crazy stress at work).  So, I started using 0.25% Retin A about a year ago.  A couple months in, I wasn 't seeing the results I wanted; still breaking out, skin flaking.  I emailed my doctor and asked for the 0.5% strength... big mistake. I used that for about three months and my skin could not tolerate it AT ALL.  Regardless, I wasn 't about to give up totally on Retin A! So I went back to using the 0.25% and FINALLY got the results I 've expected all along.  I always get comments now on how clear and &quot;fresh&quot; my skin looks. Retin A (especially with a clindamycin and benzoyl peroxide cream) was a miracle for my skin. No pimples.. ever!
Two weeks since I started abilify 5mg, I can now get out of bed and enjoy my life. I am up at 4am, but so is my dad and 4 dogs which makes me go to bed early. But throughout the day. I am a totally new and fun person. I hope it lasts.
I am a paraplegic due to a gunshot to my spine incurred in VietNam. I had taken Macrodantin for over forty years and it helped to greatly curb my infections due to the need for intermittent catheritization three times daily. It caused side effects as I got older. I hadn 't realized that this medicine was causing me to be continuously dizzy and generally unwell. I have since stopped taking it.
I was originally prescribed this for seasonal affective disorder.  I took this for about two years.  I then went off. I have notice that seasonal issues slowly begin to reappear.  I also noticed that my self diagnosed ADD issues were really beginning to get the best of me, especially the thoughts running wild when I should be sleeping.  I noticed an immediate change but going back onto Bupropion XL 150 mg.  This has helped to keep me focused and has given me a regular sleep ability again even though I am a 2nd shifter.  I am glad to have my life back.
I 've had the IUD for about 5 months. For the first month I bled constantly with heavy clots, terrible cramps, and tender breasts. Things started to improve around the second month with only light bleeding and now I have random spotting or a period that lasts a few days. I initially had acne but read about black african soap which (in conjunction with tea tree oil after showering) has eliminated it. I have PCOS and already had hair growth on my chin. It 's a lot worse with the IUD in place and I 'm going to electrolysis to eliminate it. That is my biggest complaint. No weight gain (but I did experience bloating). And I 've ALWAYS gained on BC w/estrogen. Once my husband felt it but my doc snipped the strings and it 's not been a problem since.
20 yr old, been on Ocella for over a year.  Just today switched to Apri, Ocella made me gain weight and go up a bra size.  I went from a heavy long period with no pain to an extremely painful short period - not worth it.  This pill also made me moody and depressed.
I had surgery (third laparoscopic procedure for endometriosis) the Skyla was inserted while I was under anesthesia.  So I did not feel the actual insertion. I had Mirena at my OBGYN 's office without taking anything prior and it was fairly uncomfortable.  That said I have no history of pregnancy and a very high threshold for pain. Skyla has been in for roughly three and a half months. My first two periods were fairly normal. And the third was noticeably lighter.  Hopefully they 'll vanish! (Mine did w the Mirena). Now the bad stuff--Cystic Acne. First month was HELLISH. Super painful cystic acne in my chin and some along my jawline and forehead.  So bad they required cortisone injections by my derm. I 'm now on spironalactone: improved.
I am a 28 year old female. I have had digestive issues for about 4 years. But recently(past 2 months) it got really bad. It started with feeling sick every night after dinner. If I ate any food past 6:30 I 'd be sick all night. Intense nausea but took measures to not vomit. The week before I saw my Dr. I could barely eat anything at anytime in the day without feeling horrible stomach pain and nausea. No appetite at all and on and off constipation and diarrhea. I lost a pound a month for 5 months. Got depressed about slowly involuntarily starving. Asked my Dr. to test for H.Pylori because multiple people in my extended family have had it. I came out positive. I was prescribed the triple therapy of Lanzoprozle , Amoxicillin and Clarithromycin.
GREAT PILL! Last year, after being on a brand of birth control pill for 20 years with light, predictable and short periods, I began to have breakthrough bleeding, horrible cramping and bleeding. Lo Loestrin was the third pill my GYN put me on and after a week or so of spotting, light cramping, I haven 't had a period since mid-December. So far so good on this prescription, I 'm happy to have tried it.
I am in recovery from Vodka and I was having trouble sleeping and my doctor suggested that I skip the noon dosage and take 2 of them at night and it has helped me stay asleep at night without my mind &quot;running&quot; at night.
I 've been taking Victoza for a year now. Initially, for about a month I experienced a few side effects - nausea being the most prevalent. Pleased I continued the drug as ALL side effects have gone.The drug certainly has improved my glucose readings. I take my 1.8 injection first thing in the morning when my blood glucose hovers around 160ish. I don 't eat for about two hours after the injection when my glucose numbers fall to the 120s.Not a cure but an improvement.
Suffering through the side effects in the first week (headaches, nausea, dizziness) but have lost 4 pounds already.  Hoping the side effects will taper off as this medication definitely controls my hunger and cravings.
I had never taken an antidepressant before. I was recently diagnosed with gastritis and irritable bowel syndrome and have been dealing with many emotional issues for quite a long time before these health problems. The constant nausea from the condition only worsened my mood and outlook on life. I was on Prozac 10mg for exactly a month. After 2 weeks I noticed a HUGE difference in my overall mood and outlook on life, it was wonderful! After 3 1/2 weeks my entire body started to itch; palms of my hands, in between fingers, behind ears, feet, legs, arms, you name it, it itched! Finally talked to my doctor and decided to stop Prozac and start Paxil. I hate that I had to switch, and I 'm not too excited about it. Hope this time is a charm.
I started taking Lo Loestrin 1 year ago this March because j was getting married in June, plus my periods were horrible. I had a little bit of acne but that soon cleared up and my skin was flawless. I didn 't have a period for about five months and then I started having breakthrough bleeding every two weeks lasting one week long so my doc changed me over to Junel. I didn 't use to be so emotional, but now I cry for no reason. Also, my stomach feels bloated and I have a bad case of acne on my upper back :(    What do you guys think I should do: go back to lo loestrin or stay on Junel and just get something to clear up acne? HELP!!! :(
I 've been on citalopram for about 8 weeks. The first 4 weeks I was on 10mg and I could notice a difference in myself but felt I needed a stronger dose because my anxiety was still there. I 've been taking 20mg which is much better. I feel calmer and don 't get as anxious as I was. The reason for going on this medicine is because I started getting anxiety before leaving the house. I started getting obsessive about making sure plug sockets were switched off and the cooker was off. I struggled with social situations and I used to panic before leaving the house for work which would upset my stomach. I did suffer some side effects with this to begin with: Very tired yawning a lot. Low sex drive (failure to orgasm)Loss of appetite.
I was taking Atenolol and was having irregular heart beats also my heart rate were from low sixties to low forties when sleeping . Tried every thing and desperate to the point of having a Pacemaker. Thanks to a pharmacy that let me into some information about Amlodipine. MY heart rate is steady at 68-78, blood pressure 120/68. Yes, I do get the swelling in the ankles, was given Lasix 20 mg. Going on two years.
The doctor put me on this medicine a few months ago and I have not had one headache since.
First time I had these last night and wow hard hitting I was told to take 1-2 15mg so I took 2 and it knocked me for 6 don 't remember falling asleep just the fantastic feeling of waking up after 10 hours......this is the first uninterupted sleep in 20 years so good so far I 'm also on valium for anti panic attacks and dothep for Depression lithium for bi-polar fingers crossed it keeps working like this!!!!
I took Yaz when I started developing cystic acne whenever my period was close. It completely cleared up my face after 1 one month. For 1 year, I was symptom free, but afterwards started developing severe lethargy a week before my period. It would be so bad that I would just be walking around in a haze. I fell asleep in class, couldn 't concentrate and worst of all, I couldn 't drive in fear I 'd crash. However, after my period started, this would go away. My breasts went from an A cup to a B cup as well. I eventually stopped taking Yaz due to the hazy PMS symptoms. My skin stayed clear until this very day. This pill changed my acne for the better for life. Couldn 't be happier with the choice.
The bitter taste made the pills almost impossible to take. Dipping them in honey really worked! Thanks so much for that tip.
You can do things and not remember them. You will tell awful stories about squirrels jumping out of glass boxes, and say things to your spouse/significant other you don 't mean if you try to TALK while on this drug. So by all means do not take until the very last thing before sleep, i.e. you are in bed, ready for sleep. It kicks in super fast and you won 't know what hit you. You only get 5 to 6 hours of sleep on Ambien but you feel rested with no druggie zombie after feeling. Note to single parents taking this drug: you will be worthless in an emergency situation and helpless to assist your children in a fire, a break-in, a trip to the ER at 1 a.m. (never drive on this drug!!!)
I used Axiron for about a year and found it to be better than Testim, which I was on for two years prior.  My testosterone levels reached 600 on Axiron and I had not been that close before.  The product is easy to use and absorbs quickly into the skin.  Moreover, it is without odor.  The only problem I had with application was that at times spilled out of the applicator cup if I wasn 't extra careful.  I think if it was a little more like a gel, it would be easier to apply.  I didn 't like that I was unable to tell when I was running low.  Also, the applicator and bottle are large and take up much more space than a few tubes of Testim when traveling.  My overall sex drive was good and consistent. My insurance stopped covering and I 'm newly on Androderm.
My doctor prescribed Seroquel for a number of Psychiatric conditions I have.  They are: Depression (already on 40mg Celexa for this, Seroquel helped as an add on), OCD, Generalized anxiety disorder, Anorexia, mood instability.  Seroquel helps with all these conditions, although it causes moderate constipation.
Penciclovir is the active ingredient and it does work to clear cold sores faster.For those wondering why it costs $700+ in the USA, &amp; less than $20 in other countries, the reason is because the USA has been unsuccessrful in purchasing pharmaceuticals at discounted prices. The more countries that get discounts, the more the USA has to pay because drug companies want to cover their losses. Europe 's ability to buy cheap medication depends on the pharmaceutical companies ' assumption that the USA will pay full price plus enough to cover the discount to X country in Europe. Other countries ' bargaining directly affects American drug prices. Americans need to put pressure on politicians and insist on drug bargaining to make healthcare affordable.
Works pretty well for nerve pain and numbness. I have degenerative disc disease along with several other cervical and spinal issues. I started at higher dose that had too many side effects but when my dosage was lowered I had a lot of relief.
I use this as needed. My pyc has agreed to this to reduce manic moods. If you monitor your mood you can catch it and use this as when needed. I think mega high doses taken each day is asking for serious trouble from TD or diabetes. I take a mood stabilizer each day to push the mood up.
I loved this medicine. It worked extremely well for my fibromyalgia symptoms. Unfortunately I had some severe side effects and had to stop taking it. Blood pressure up to 187/90 and severe headaches even after a month on it...If you only have minor side effects this may be well worth for some.
I have been taking this medication for 18 months after struggling with chronic depression my entire life. In the beginning I had severe side effects including reduced appetite, uncontrollable yawning and jaw stress, insomnia, and sweating. Despite the frustration with these effects I still noticed considerable change to my mood and anxiety level. These many months later I am still noticing a much better level of mood stability and social confidence.  Unfortunately, I have almost no sex drive and can rarely reach orgasm.  I am hoping to try to go off the drug this year and am assured by my therapist and psychiatrist that this will ready itself.  I highly suggest to anyone on antidepressants to medicate while in a committed talk therapy.
Like many readers, I too came on to this site before taking my first pill. My story is pretty simple. I 've always had very irregular and painful long lasting periods. The last birth control pill I was on was Loestrin 24 and I hated it. I was also on the patch for a year and never had any issues. In fact, I liked it. But my mother started hearing the negative news behind the dose of hormones in it and so I got off of it. I stayed off of them for another year or so and started having the same issues again plus acne. Puerto rico is really humid. So after a week on Tri-Sprintec I love it. I take it at night 8.30pm and sleep like a baby. No complaints what so ever. I 've lost weight too. Weird. Stay active, exercise, drink plenty of water. It 's worked for me.
Celexa is very effective in my opinion. I have tried Lexapro and Paxil which made me horribly sick. I have had a few side effects since I am just starting it, but they are not that bad. I can tell they are there but I 'm not stopped by them. The only effect I don 't like is the sexual problems. They aren 't kidding about it. Started affecting me on day 1. Getting better is worth it though. Please give it a try, even if you 're nervous!
I have taken this medication for about 6 months for insomnia and it works really well.  I don 't feel groggy or tired the next day and I 've never had any weird side effects from it.  
I was taking 50 mg three times a day.  It worked awesome for my anxiety, however after a month I started having seizures and severe muscle twitching and I had to stop it.
Okay sure this stuff works it will make most of your acne go away but it drys up your skin like that it 's actually really annoying
I was taking sertraline 50 mg for depression and GAD for around 9 months. Quality of life was fantastic,side effects were terrible for the first few weeks but once the drug kicked in I was on cloud 9. My Doctor raised dosage to 100mg daily and that 's when things got bad, depression returned and I was no longer sleeping. I 've been weaned off and now on another medication. Overall Sertraline is a great SSRI. If your body isn 't sensitive to medication.100mg is a perfect dose.
I just started on clonidine. I was noticing tiredness and insomnia and I am emotional as well.My hot flashes are definitely less often however I am unsure if I will keep taking it due to the waking at night with the flashes which have not changed unfortunately.I will see how it goes for another few days.
After reading about Buspirone, I called my doctor to see if I could try it. I am on my 3rd day and so far it has been wonderful. No bad side effects yet, maybe just a little dizziness for about 30 minutes but that 's it. I am not sure yet how this will help my anxiety since I have only been on it for 3 days, but I am certainly saying some prayers that it does help.
I have suffered from chronic headaches/migraines all my life (over 40yrs). I have taken Lortab, Tylenol #3 and Percocet but all have not helped much and caused rebound headaches. Panlor SS is the 1st medication that has truly helped ease off the pain with not many side effects. Thanks for a great medication.
Tramadol was given to me in the Emergency room of my local hospital due to chronic back pain. I haven 't been diagnosed with anything in particular yet, however this has helped ease off the pain.I was given a prescription of 20mg and it also has helped with my depression. Today actually, was a bad day and I decided upon myself to take two 20 mg pills and I really don 't feel anything. The day has flown by at work and I just feel more focused.
This medicine has been a blessing for me after trying chiropractor. Physical therapy, injections, etc. I suffer from fibromyalgia, scoliosis, bulging neck disc. I sometimes get tired but after 61 years of being very active and hard work (I mean hard) naps are expected. Sometimes all of us need to slow down.
I have just started this medicine, 100mg, to help my tremors. (head to toe). I take 2 a day. So far, it is working. Even with the increase of mgs.
I hope this helps others because I rarely leave feedback. Please stick with Lexapro if you are having side effects. They will subside. I am only on day 9. The first week I experienced increased anxiety, dilated eyes, gastrointestinal issues, shaky and sweaty hands. It 's not nearly as bad now. Before starting this medication I was experiencing anxiety that blew up quickly, it started happening at night, which effected my sleep, which grew to chronic insomnia for 4 months and that led to me becoming depressed. The longest streak I had of no sleep at all was 6 days straight. I found out that insomnia was a symptom of anxiety/depression. I still have insomnia but its slowly getting better as the medicine gets in my system.
I have been on Pristiq for over a year now. I started of on a 50mg dose for 3 months for my anxiety and panic attacks. All went well but still was only just helping my anxiety, I went back to my Doctor and he upped the dose to 100mg. I immediately had improvements. No more panic attacks and felt great.
I switched to Nuvaring after getting off of Implanon(It was great except I experienced bone pain and lengthy irregular periods-about 3 weeks long). Its been about 9 months and I enjoy knowing when my period is due to come and it does like clockwork! I enjoy that I don 't have to take a pill everyday either. The one annoying thing about this birth control is that if it is not pushed up in the right position that it will slip down. It doesn 't hurt or anything but I can feel the slight pressure. It 's uncomfortable more than anything. During sex, I just take it out and put it back in within 3 hours as directed. My boobs have exploded on my chest but I guess that is not such a bad thing! I haven 't experienced any other symptoms.
Started June 29 and as of July 2 I had lost 2.3 lbs.
Hydroxyzine is an oldie; but a keeper. It is more powerful than it 's younger brother Zyrtec and lasts 24-36 hours. If taken at night, there is little chance of a  'hangover effect ' or residual drowsiness. It is probably the safest and most effective sleep medication available; and you don 't build a tolerance or addiction. As a HCL salt; check your liver and kidneys annually to make sure there are no ill affects which are rare.
All of my values have been very good. I 've been positive since 1990 and on meds since 96. I 'm having a hard time with stomach pain and kidney pain. Tried triumeq and experienced the same side effects. This is the first time I have experienced a problem with any hiv regimine. Trying to get in to see my dr to see what 's going on.
I am almost done my second pack and I love this medication. I didn 't get depressed or nausea like a lot of other reviews. I am seeing a little weight gain, however my breasts have started at a C and are now a D. I think I am switching off of this though simply due to cost per month.
It helps when I have outbreaks, within hours symptoms are calmed and itching subsides. I was using sample cream from my dermatologist and recently got a prescription which was FREE! I am hopeful now that I can use more regularly that I can avoid breakouts.
The doctor gave me these for an infection. I had to take 4 at one time and that 's all they gave me. Thought it was strange turns out it was fine. Although they were really nasty and turned my urine dark them seem to be doing the trick!
I 'm on my 3rd day. My mood seems to have mellowed out a bit. I 'm not as moody as I normally am. I don 't have the itchy skin but I have been experiencing a bit of nausea. This is my first time being on antidepressants and I really hope this gets me out of the funk I 've been in the last 6 months. I got a 3 week sample supply and haven 't submitted my prescription yet to see if insurance will cover what my physician describes it as &quot;the designer antidepressant&quot;.
I am 26 years old and just got my hormone free IUD today, I am only giving a review about the insertion experience. I wasn 't scared because my OBGYN explained the process very clearly before hand. I didn 't take any Ibuprofen or Tylenol, but I was given a heating pad ten minutes before the insertion, and that helped with the pain. I had three major cramps during the procedure and then it was over. The whole thing lasted about three minutes. Two hours later, I 'm having some minor cramping but a heating pad help and Tylenol is helping. So far, my best advice for aftercare is a movie night!
This is my 4th month on Lo loestrin fe. I have to say, the first 2-3 months I wasn 't a huge fan. I spotted for the first week or two, I was breaking out a little more than normal (usually I get 1-2 pimples on my chin right before my period) but this made me break out about 1 1/2 to 2 weeks into my pack:( and would only &quot;clear&quot; up for about a week before it started again. I had slight cramping, felt a little crazy and periods lasting about 3-4 days seeming no different than normal. I almost lost hope! BUT!!! I stuck it out like most doctors recommend. Month 4= no period, no mood swings, clear face all month until my sugar pills (slight breakout only), no weight gain (though I do workout everyday). Give it a shot!!
I am 34 and have had restless legs syndrome since I can remember back probably to 3 and 4 years old. I started in 2006 when it was still brand and the nausea took some getting used to but generally went away within 2 weeks or so.  I stopped it after a year and was placed back on it last winter.  I don 't know if it 's something about the generic or what but the nausea this time has been horrible, to the point I have actually vomited and have to be ready to get in bed and fall asleep before the nausea kicks in.  The thing is, it WORKS.  I am prescrbed 1 mg but can only really tolerate 0.5.  I wonder if going back to brand will help.
I like the fact that it keeps me from getting pregnant but the bleeding is out of control. I got mine implanted in December of 2013 and had no side effects for 3 months. Then I started my period and it hasn 't gone off yet. It 's not heavy at all and I don 't have any cramps at all, it 's just annoying to have to wear a panty liner and tampon every day because I 'm not sure if it 's going to be heavier than usual. If I can 't stop the bleeding I 'm going to have it removed and try something else.
Humira is the third medicine from this group that I have taken the other two being Enbrel and Cimzia. It is fair to say that for me it has also been the best, but unfortunately I am going to have to stop taking it for the following. Initially I had minor but long lasting mild headache on day of taking, this was followed by a urinary infection possibly caused by the Humira but the reason I must stop is that I now have tinnitus.     This was mild hissing at first so I tolerated it, but now and after each injection it gets measurably worse. So me and Humira must regrettably part company, a great shame because it did/does make a very large improvement to my R. A.
I highly recommend it. My husband &amp; I used it on a cruise to Alaska &amp; the waters leaving out of Seattle got pretty rough, we literally were holding on to the walls walking down  the hallway. With the bad waves the 1st day I felt a little queasy but I did not get sick. There were couples that it was their 3rd &amp; 4th cruise to Alaska that said the waves were the worst ever &amp; they were sick.... Should have used Transderm. I will never cruise again without it!
I been on this pill for almost a year now. At first it made me feel really bad if I didn 't eat with it! I mean all day bad! It 's good to eat with this pill. Now I 'm fine! I have lighter periods that last for almost three to four days and hardly any cramping. I do have a lower sex drive though. Other than that I think this is the best birth control if you had to choose any go with this one!
I 'm wondering if I could use a female period pad to catch the oil leakage at times
Being that I have rheumatoid arthritis and take medication for that, finding antibiotics to treat infection isn 't easy. I did not have many side effects from this medicine, as I took it how the doctor prescribed. I did have upset stomach though at first. Any infection I had, showed definite improvement within the first 36 hrs.
Before Vyvance I had tried many other medications. It helped me quickly, I realized that I actually liked school and learning. Within weeks I went from failing to honors. But now that I 'm older I realize that it alters my personality and my mood alot. And I find that when I dont have it I tend to feel like I am incapable of completing simple task.
I started Apri after switching from a birth control where I 'd only get my period once every three months. My partner said I was very moody during the first couple of months after switching, but I 've since mellowed out. I 've noticed my sex drive has decreased to being nonexistent except for during my period week. Other than the decreased sex drive, this pill works fine for clearing my skin and preventing pregnancy. I 've noticed slightly heavier cramps than normal, but they 're not unbearable.
it works for me BUT there are too many blanks  at least 4 out 10 are blanks I got in touch with the co. there going to look into this matter
I 've had the Implanon in for about a month and a half now. I haven 't got my period at all just some spotting for like a day but that is it. I have experienced some weight gain, but no acne. Random mood swings sometimes. Nothing really out of the ordinary besides missing my period. Everyone has different reactions to the amount of hormones released into your system. I would definitely recommend this form of birth control.
I have been taking Phentermine on and off since February 2009. I am 5 ' 3&quot; and I weighed 169 pounds. Immediately I had great results. I had tons of energy and was extremely happy. I wouldn 't take them on the weekends but would continue to eat sensibly. The pill made me actually crave water and looking at food was like looking at a pile of rocks. I actually was worried that I wouldn 't want to ever eat again.  I eat 2 apples in the morning and snack on walnuts/craisins during the day and then I eat a meal at night. So far, I have lost 19 pounds. I would like to know if anyone is having a clinched jaw, red eyes that seem to have a slight jabbing feeling to them?  I 'm not sure if it 's my late nights/stress or side effects from Phentermine.
This pill is ok in my opinion. I didn 't gain any weight and it didn 't change my acne (I have naturally pretty clear skin) BUT, this made my emotions a complete roller coaster. At one point during the day I was on top of the world and the next I was on the verge on crying. The biggest problem with this bc is my sex drive. Sex is not good anymore and I never had any issues before I started taking this.
I have nerve damage caused by surgery for removal of a Bartholin 's Gland cyst. The nerve damage causes me constant pain, when untreated, from a scale of 8-10. The Gralise (along with Norco) makes it tolerable and in the mornings, sometimes my pain goes all the way down to a 4 (not every morning). The side effects I have are dizziness, inability to find words, blurred vision, and, strangely (because of where my pain is), increased libido. I can 't even sit in a chair, yet all I think about all day is sex. The Grailise has helped a lot with my pain, but I only rated it an eight because of all of the potential side effects. As soon as my doctor finds another treatment (like a nerve block), I 'm going to get off of it.
I was given Cymbalta for psoriatic arthritis and depression. It has been good for both but I developed a side effect. I asked my doctor and he said men can experience this. Urinary incontinence. With Cymbalta I noticed I went less often and also went less while going. But after going for some reason I kept going little bits over an over for almost 10 min. So Cymbalta to treat incontinence. No, But it can cause it in men.
When I got on this I was self-diagnosed with depression, and tried about a dozen antidepressants without getting better. My gyno, who was prescribing, said I had to see a psychiatrist because he was scared he 'd  'scramble my brain '. I was diagnosed with A-typical bipolar and put on Geodon and Lamictal. The Lamictal did nothing, but in 3 days I went from work or just being in bed the rest of the time gorging on food and not wanting to be bothered to feeling much much better. I started on 30mg and am now on 80, about 10 years later. I highly recommend this for bipolar. I 've lately started getting into bipolar depression again, though not like it used to be, and am trying a medicine with great reviews that I 'd never heard of called Symbyax.
I really have nothing bad to say besides after insertion I got TERRIBLE cramps, I normally do get cramps when on my period so cramping was very uncomfortable. Insertion hurts but was not nearly as bad as I was expecting it to be. I have not been on any birth control prior to this and I love not having to take a pill but I have had consistent spotting for just over a month now which is starting to get frustrating. Other than that I LOVE it and highly recommend!!!
I am on the first week of my 4th pack. I 've been continuous cycling so I was spotty the first 2 packs during my &quot;period&quot; but afterwards my body adjusted. I was nervous, acne wise, because this is a lower dose of hormone than I 'm used to, but so far no crazy breakouts. I actually have much less of an appetite now which is great - I lost the 12 pounds that I put on from taking a higher dosage pill so I 'm back to my old self again.I would give this pill a higher rating if it weren 't for the fact that I have way less sex drive now and for a day or 2 right before I 'd get my &quot;period&quot;, I am very dry and have a slight stinging feeling that is slightly painful.
I have used for over ten years. Works well for depression in higher doses, 150-200mg. The side effects of skipping a dose are terrible, brain zaps, dizziness. I have yet to be able to discontinue, but am on a smaller dose. I also take another med. for night time sleep as Effexor causes me insomnia.
Had an irregular heartbeat a month ago.  Not a rapid heartbeat but several normal beats follwed every 30 seconds or so with several faster heartbeats. This would repeat again. Dr. diagnosed me with A-fib.  Placed me on Propafenone 150 Mg 3x a day.  Have not had another episode but the medicine makes me very sleepy in the afternoon.  Hopefully my body will adapt and this will go away.  Has anyone else had the same side effect?  Would appreciate a reply.
I have been taking Loestrin for about 5 months now. And let me tell you... I gained no weight but it certainly reshaped my body. It made my breasts transform from a c 34 to DD 34. And my rear end also had more junk added to the trunk. The boyfriend isn 't complaining but also the first month I was a raging lunatic with mood swings from hell. I also spotted like a moron for a couple of months till my body got used to it.Honestly, if you are terrified about gaining weight then Loestrin 24 Fe won 't do it. I haven 't gained a blessed pound. And if I did it went straight to my butt and my boobs. It will not make you gain. Just make your breasts bigger than the sun...Ha..ha.
My doctor put me on Oxycontin. About 4 months ago we started at 10mg twice a day with 4 x 5/325 Percocets. We are at 30 mg twice a day and 4 x 10/325 Percocets a day now. I have fibromyalgia, IBS, Myfasical pain, herniated disc in neck. This dosage has given me a lot of relief but I would love to be able to go to to dinner or something with my husband so I think a little more work is needed. I do have one problem it makes me itch like crazy. 
I started taking Cymbalta in April 2011, and when I first started out on it I experienced, extreme tiredness, insomnia, dry mouth, constipation, hot flashes, strange dreams. I still get very odd sometimes disturbing dreams but I think a lot of it has to do with recent stresses in my life (grandma having a stroke, work stress) and still experience constipation, hot flashes, and night sweats but it 's not the end of the world. It has so far been the only antidepressant medication that has really helped me and I have been on lots of different SSRI 's and atypical antipsychotics. I have good and bad days like anyone does, but if I do get sad and cry it doesn 't seem to last long. So in my opinion the benefits outweigh the side effects.
I have been on Zoloft for almost 30 years now and never any higher than 50mg. I was stricken with panic/anxiety disorder in my early 20 's, and now early 50 's, I have never had to go higher. It keeps the attacks at bay, but once in a while, I will get one. I have heard it is hereditary. I do believe this is the case. Both of my siblings struggle with the attacks, and take Zoloft as well. Both of my girls suffer as well. The youngest one, now 23, has just started on Zoloft, 25 mg and she is not sure if it is working just yet. The oldest one is able to keep them at bay without medicines. You lose your sex drive on these medicines. I have confidence on this drug and hope others will also.
I finally can sleep with this medicine. I actually feel like I get better sleep on it than natural sleep. Only down side is it is really only effective for me at a 30mg dosage.  Tried Ambien, melatonin, OTC sleep aids, and other benzodiazepines. Trumps all in my opinion.
Been on this pill for numerous years. Overall have had no problems. Decreased the intensity and length of my periods which is great. Sex drive could use some help.  Never get cramps, headaches have subsided (maybe pill related or due to my age).
I want to update since May 2015. It has been 6 months. I will say YES the pain patch works if your tolerant and give it time and have the correct dose. It does stay on it you folow directions and bathe correct. What I hate is I can 't get in the sun. I live in Florida. I cant swim or it will start peeling they are not cheap. It has restricted my work outs. I have no more interest in it not sure why. I 'm about to pick up my last box. I ' going to slow the use of them by cutting them over time. I just put on my last patch for this box. Im going  to wear it for 14 days not 7. Then I 'm going to cut the next patch in 2 wear it 7 days and then the other 1/2 14 days. then the 3rd patch in 3. The same with 4th. I have tramadol if need be.
I 've recently started the patch due to health reasons - not contraception (although it is a win win). I haven 't been on bc in over 10 years, so I have nothing really to compare it to. However, I will say this: I 've found that the Xulane patch makes me a bit nauseous at times, but those phases never last more than 10 mins, although those 10 minutes can be very intense. It gets to the point where I 'm salivating, extremely warm, and feel as if I am about to hurl (but I never do). That typically happens twice a day. I 've also found that my usual problems with constipation have diminished since on the patch (I no longer think that is coincidence). My breasts are also more full (plus for me, lol) but also more sensitive; minor weight gain as well
My COPD is remarkedably better. I can breath much better.  However, I also have 7 side effects.
I can 't believe this medication only has a 5.3 average score (as of 08/02/2010). I got samples from my doctor and thought it worked great. Also - no addictive qualities.
(TEXT LIMIT)36, suffered since childhood. Anxiety, Depression, and panic attacks. Believing I have heart problems, heart pounding that my mind is creating, hatred, anger, anger, anger, and lack of ever really just feeling good. And by good, I don 't mean parties and hooking up two people to date. I mean just taking in life and acknowledging nature for those very brief beautiful moments I only have vague memories of doing.This drug helped me, and I wish I could stay on it, but I can 't. It built tolerance, affected my memory, and started degrading my cognitive functions. Outside of that, the search was finally over when I got on it, but now it 's back to hell because I can 't stay. Everyone is different, don 't increase the dose.
I began taking cymbalta six weeks ago for generalized anxiety disorder.  Although the initial side effects of disrupted sleep was difficult, it disappeared after about three weeks.  I began on 30 mg and increased to 60 mg after one week.  The results have been incredible.  For the first time ever, I can sit quietly without a million thoughts running through my head.  I no longer feel &quot;stuck&quot; on certain thoughts.  I feel calmer, more relaxed and happier.  I also find that my thinking is very clear.  Overall, feeling very, very good.  Highly recommend cymbalta.
I am 54 years of age and decided to use Implanon as my birth control method a couple of months ago. I still have a monthly menstruation cycle but no side effects to mention at this time. Hopefully, none to mention ever.  It seems to me that every medication has its risks. So does driving a vehicle but we get behind the wheel anyway. You do what you have to do. 
With 20 mg of Brintelix, my depression and my anxiety lowered by great means. But I had no energy and no focus. My doc then added 2 mg of Abilify. Wow! I 'm now fully energic during the day and I have my life back. With a bonus: no gain weight or other side effects.
Seems to have worked well in reducing cancer/PSA.  Minimal side effects EXCEPT for both hands.Both hands are painful when moved and big knuckles can be very hurtful when holding an object. Warmth helps, as does minimising hand movements.Can hold a tennis ball without problems. a golf ball with some effort and pain, and a pen or small object can be a big problem to grasp.
PLEASE READ.Never be in a doubt about the huge psychology involved in creating an erection - it can be far from merely physical.As a relatively young widower I had problems with erectile dysfunction with several women - even when I used Cialis.  When I met a truly nice woman - and discussed my erectile dysfunction situation with her - my problem evaporated overnight. Lesson for me:  if you 're not with a woman you can talk to about your problems, you 're not with the right woman.I have not tried the daily Cialis - but I have found the 20mg Cialis to be wonderful.
I 've recently gotten off a 2.5 year paxil treatment for my social anxiety. My main issue was sweaty face/body and red face breakout. I was first perscribed 20mg but as nothing changed after 2 months I was put on 40mg. It certainly helped. I was quiet tired in the beginning but it got better. I felt the side effects as I gained over 10kg in the past 1.5, and also I didn 't have much of a sex drive and almost impossible to orgasm (I 'm Male). Regardless though it helped my life for the better. Unfortunately stopping recently was a bad idea, my anxiety has returned along with a certain feel of depression. I 'll be returning to paxil starting tomorrow with 20mg, and see how it goes. Regardless of the side effects etc, it did help me in my life.
The diarrhea sucked, it was watery and I had some nausea along with bad cramps. I have crohns disease which has symptoms already  including cramps/nausea and of course diarrhea, lesson completely learned. BE SAFE AND SMART. Never ever again. Hopefully it is gone and over with soon, I took them earlier this morning in the pharmacies parking lot with a bottle of water.
This birth control is great, better than I was was on before and that was the NuvaRing. This pill is easy to take. Some cramping here and there before my period but I always get my period the third day of my iron pills. But there 's a down side. I wear contacts, I prefer them so much more than my glasses but sometimes my contacts will start getting super blurry and I can 't see at all. Sometimes I 'll put in my contacts and leave the house, and while I 'm driving my contacts start blurring up so I 'll have to pull over and take them out and put on my glasses. That 's the only downside of this pill if you wear contacts.
I take non generic Depakote ER 1750 mg?? Haldol 4 mg, and propranolol 20 mg.  I have some hair loss, insomnia, and shakiness.  I believe the medicine is finally working after 17 years of trying every bipolar medication with Depakote ER.  I lose my patience and get angry at customer service representatives sometimes.  I lose my patience and get mildly angry at my husband but it appears to be under control.  The insomnia at times gets really bad and I wind up calling lifenet to cope.  I will be trying melatonin 3mg to see if this helps.  I want to try 1500 mg of Depakote ER to see if my insomnia improves also.
This really works although there is some restlessness, but considering the options this is a miracle drug quelling the delusions, body dysmorphia and insomnia (so far, so good). This is the second time taking this. Compared to the others this is the best. Can 't get fat cause you 're restless. It 's just the omipresent worry about the long-term effects so I gave it a 7. 
Ambien works. Not because it 's a sleep aid but because it 's a HYPNOTIC.  Which means if you don 't want amnesia then get yourself straight to bed after taking it.  It kicks in in 5-10 mins and may or may not keep you asleep all night.But those of you complaining of eating, etc and having no memory of what you did is very simple: taking a HYPNOTIC while you 're still up and showering or whatever is going to make you do stupid things you won 't remember. Just take it AFTER you lay down, turn off your phone, and you 'll be fine.
64 years old, have occasionally had cold sore on the right corner of my mouth, once on my right nostril, my wife has had it since she 's a child, also on her lips, neither one of us gets it on our genitals. Starting to take L-Lysine 1000mg a day and have still had a few outbreaks but they have been less severe, when they occur I am also taking a prescription of Valtrex. When I have the outbreak I am increasing the L-Lysine dose to 1000mg in the morning and the same at night. One of the side effects is  good skin! I had a few bumps on my face that seem to be clearing up or going away. I wish I would have known about L-Lysine when I was a kid because it could be good for acne.
This has been effective in controlling my blood sugar, but I have a terrible problem trying to lose weight. I gained 20 pounds in less than 6 months.
Got on retinol because of acne scars. I was hesitant in the beginning because everyone complains about how it makes acne worse before it gets better. My advice to you is start out slowly and allow your skin to adjust. I started off with using it once a week..and gradually moved on to 3 times and I have not experienced purging.Also my skins pretty smooth and my scars are fading. Another thing...just use vaseline as a moisturizer...why should you bother your skin with extra chemicals? Also be wary of doctors who just hand you the retinol with no proper instructions. I researched extensively before buying the product and to my surprise the doctor couldn 't even advise that only a pea-size amount is to be used. Patience pays people :)
53 yr female, started using Detrol LA 4 mg approximately 2.5 yrs ago. Also tried Enablex and Vesicare.  Insurance company dropped Enablex and now is dropping Detrol.  Main side-effects are constipation, headache, dry mouth.  Headache goes away after a few days.  Have gradually decreased dosage to 1/2 capsule daily, then 1/2 capsule 2-3x per week. This has relieved side-effects and am still pain-free.  Hoping to get off medication entirely eventually.
I 'm white male, 53 yrs old, 5 '11&quot; and 185 lbs. I just discovered that I had High Blood Pressure about a month ago during a wellness checkup. The nurse took my blood pressure 4 times on the right arm and 3 more on the left. I was running about 180 /120. After she told me that she 'd seen 400 lb men with better numbers than that I decided to see my MD. I 've been on Micardis almost 30 days and it seems to have lowered it to the 140/90 range. I also was put on Bystolic just 5 days ago due to a rapid pulse of 100 bpm. Now down to 75-80. The only side effects have been occasional dizziness and some sharp pain in my hip when I move just so. I did have a scary tightening of the chest and shortness of breath the other day. It seemed to pass in about 2 mins.
I have been using Seasonique for 2 years now and after the first year I have had no problems other than some spotting when I forget to take the pill on time. If you push through the first year of nausea, mood swings, and some dryness during sex, it mulls over and the pill really is great once your body is adjusted.
Helps with migraines when Imitrex fails.  I have to eat before taking a dose or it will make me nauseous.
I 've had acne for nearly three years. I tried everything Clearsil, Proactive EVERYTHING, nothing worked. I finally went to the doctors and he put me on 50mg of doxycycline a day for 6 months. I 'm 2 months in and have seen some very up and down results. Within the first week my skin had gone completely smooth, I still had acne but nothing was raised, within two weeks no new acne seemed to be appearing and by third week 70% of my scarring had disappeared. One month in my acne came back with a vengeance along the side of my face and all down my neck. Now at the two month mark, my acne is about 80% gone and could not be happier. Word of advice be patient and expect it to get worse before it gets better. I suffered really bad nausea also.
&lt; 1% of Study patients complained of hallucinations. But I guess I am in that 1%. I had to get off it after the 3rd dosed. Otherwise it was a fantastic drug.
For the past 12 months I have had one bout of sinusitis after another then got influenza.  I literally could not leave the house more than once a day for less than an hour without becoming totally fatigued.  My GP did not know what to do but finally suggested BREO.  I hesitantly agreed then quickly became a supporter of this inhaler.  My energy level returned to normal despite marginally improved pulmonary functions.This is my 4th month on BREO, and I have isolated a few side effects: hoarseness &amp; mouth tenderness (both despite rinsing immediately after taking the med) and worsening of GI symptoms.  Like others, I am using the coupon from the mfg, or this drug would be too expensive for me. I have a few months to consider next steps.
I 've taken Risperdal for about 6 years to deal with depression and suicidal/self-injurous thoughts. It works very well for this. The only problem is that it does cause very severe weight gain, to the point where if I consume less than 1,400 calories a day I STILL gain weight. I have recently started taking Topamax to offset this, so hopefully this will help. But it does help immensely with problematic thoughts and I notice a huge difference in my state of mind and overall well being when I take Risperdal. Additionally it offers the great benefit of helping me fall asleep, which is great as a long-time insomniac. Overall a great drug, just some problematic side effects.
I 've was on Nexplanon for about 4 months before switching to an IUD (wanted a longer option).The best thing about an arm implant or IUD is that you don 't have to take a pill everyday. There 's no missed doses; these birth control methods have a 99.9% effective rate for a reason lol. It 's convenient and YOU can choose how long it stays in your body.Here 's my experience with Nexplanon:No periods, no cramping. I do have more breakouts but use a sulfur and charcoal treatment along with a spinbrush to combat acne.My appetite has decreased significantly which has resulted in weight loss (so happy).Frequent headaches.More energy.I would recommend it. If I wanted something more short term I would 've stuck with it.
I 've been on belviq now for 46 days. My weight was 168 now I 'm down to 154. My side effects are headaches(some days)and at times my upper body gets real hot! I gained weight from hypothyroidism. My normal weight is 142-145. I only take one pill a day. And it really crushes my appetite. But I do eat clean and it don 't take much to get me full. I 'm satisfied with the pill. It 's the only thing that helped me to get my weight back under control. It is very difficult to lose weight when u have thyroid problems
Caught my strep on day 1. Was prescribed penicillin 500mg originally 4x daily for 10 days. After two days of antibiotic treatment, my symptoms worsened resulting in a second visit back to the ER in severe stomach pain since I was taking penicillin, Tylenol and Advil on an empty stomach due to not being able to swallow even my saliva. The doctor gave me a steroid called decatrum via IV followed by a pain medicine via IV. The steroid gave me immediate relieve within an hour helping the swelling down. Afterwards, he discharged me and sent me home with Amox-clav 875 and Tylenol 3 with Codeine for pain. The amox-clav was directed to take twice daily for fivedays. I 'm onmy second doseand I feel a majordifference but severestomachache constipation
It has helped to lower blood pressure, but over the year + I 've been taking it, I 've experienced a 40 pound weight gain, severe pain in joints, muscles in legs and feet, ache in leg bones, tingling in hands and feet, very stuffy sinuses - very swollen, difficulty getting to sleep and/or staying asleep, general weakness and sluggishness, sometimes extreme exhaustion. Seeing Dr this week, hoping we can find a better solution.
I 'm a 46 year old female and have been on spironolactone for 2 years for high blood pressure.  After a year and a half my doctor took me off for a couple of months as I had great blood pressure and he thought with my avid exercising and diet changes I 'd be able to regulate it myself.  My blood pressure immediately shot up to dangerous levels and I had to be back on Spironolactone immediately which also immediately took my blood pressure back down to safe levels.  Unless something else comes along, I guess I 'm on it for life.  I count my blessings, it does it 's job and with only two noticeable side-effects for me both negative and positive:  slight drowsiness and keeps any water retention at bay (which I had a problem with previously).
Definite pain relief (shoulder arthritis and rotator cuff separation).
My doctor prescribed me this pill because I have been diagnosed with PCOS. Sometimes I get stomach aches and it makes my boobs hurt, but other than that, no mood swings, and I 've actually lost weight. Although everyone 's bodies are different, I 'd recommend this pill to anyone thinking of going on birth control for the first time.
Well I was just prescribed Flexeril yeaterday for the pain I was experiencing from a L5-S1 herniated disc &amp; Sciatica. It made me feel like a zombie about an hour &amp; 1/2 after taking it. I took a shower and after getting out I had no strength in my arms or legs. Dry mouth &amp; lower leg pains when laying in bed later. It did help with the pain but will be taking but 1/2 a pill AS NEEDED vs the 1-10 mg 3xs daily.
I have been on Xanax for 15 years I 'm only 30 years old. While this is a miracle drug for pulling you out of a panic attack and preventing them. This medicine works extremely well for my anxiety that said it can cause a very nasty dependence and addiction where you will need larger and larger doses to combat this rebound anxiety (this is what the Dr call it). It 's your brain screaming for more of the drug, this is not only a mental dependency but also a very strong physical one. If you are thinking about taking Xanax remember less is more the less you take the better it works. It has become part of my daily meds 2 mg 3 to 4 times a day and that 's coming from being on the max dose legally available 10 mg daily you don 't want that. Use Caution
I 've had nexplanon for a year, and it has been great for me! Everyone definitely reacts differently to the implant. I don 't have spotting in between periods, and my periods are pretty much the same as they always have been. I may have had some slight weight gain, but nothing significant all of my clothes still fit. I was so scared after reading a lot of reviews, but I have had a positive experience
I found Xanax to be the only thing to help me.
I have been taking this medicine since age 46.  I am now 60. Although I have had a steadily increasing dose over the years (now 20/25 twice/day), my pressure has been controlled from an initial 155/90 to its present 125/80.  I have had virtually no side effects, although due to the high dosage of hydrochlorothiazide, I have to be careful not to overdue the sun exposure.
Tested positive for the big C a week ago, currently right in the middle of my treatment at work. The stomach pains are the worst, along with  diarrhea and nausea. Also full body chills and sleepiness. I took it with applesauce and some crackers. Don 't take it at work, take it while you are in the comfort of your own home! Crossing my fingers for myself and everyone else!
Have been on it for about a month and no spotting. It 's obviously effective because I 'm not pregnant, but the only problems I have are weight gain (I 'm eating like a horse) and the worst acne I 've probably ever had in my life. I 'm going to wait it out and see what happens, but hoping it goes away. Was on Sprintec and it made me throw up every day, had to get off and so far those are the only downfalls of this one.
Currently taking pseudoephedrine for chronic sinus migraines and ear congestion whilst waiting for a specialist appointment. I have found it the most effective pain relief for the sinus migraines and I have tried everything - hot compresses, inhaling steam, saline sprays, nasal sprays, antihistamines, decongestants, panadeine, ibuprofen, codeine. It is not clearing up the source of the problem but does provide some relief.
Levitra 20mg. Also have Viagra 100mg.  Prescribed because I was having trouble getting &quot;back in the saddle&quot; after a long marriage and very little dating/sex since.  Levitra seems to work faster and last a bit longer. My partner also said I appeared harder. Problem is the climax with Levitra is not as intense as with Viagra. Both Levitra and Viagra climax are less intense than without either.  The trade-off is, of course, I can last ALOT longer than without either medication so that 's a huge plus. I did half the Levitra and that seemed to work better (full 20mg I did not climax).  For both:  Nasal congestion (solved with Afrin); mild vision change (blue tinge); slight stomach upset/indigestion.
I 'm 17. I 've been having back pains for three years on and off. One day I feel my spine and its curved. Got an appointment, recently got Xrays. Till the results I 'm prescribed naproxen it works. Its very helpful I can sleep better.
This is my sixth month on Sprintec for acne. I started on Yaz and within the first week, I was so sick I couldn 't take it and called my doctor to switch. I was also nauseous for the first week of every month, for about four months. It slowly got better and now I feel no side effects at all. My acne is a thousand times better and it 's so relieving to have clear skin. Also I recently became sexually active and it 's much more convenient than any other form of birth control. Make sure you stick it out, you 'll get over the nausea eventually. I took Dramamine which helped suppress the sickness but it made me tired, but it made it bearable so I say try it.
Having mitral valve prolapse from last 14 years , palpitation increased in last 1-2 years was put on metroporol 25 mg daily. Heart beat is 60- 110 beats but feel flurry, blurdvission
Great at first. Now I 've had stomach pain for the last 3 days. I 'm on my 3rd patch. Not sure if I should stop or not.
I was taking 40mg of Adderall per day for ADD, before my Narcolepsy diagnosis. At that point the dose was raised to 30mg, 2 times per day. That dose helped a bit more with the ADD symptoms, but I 'm still exhausted and sleep-walking thru my day. It does give me 4-5 hours to be productive and get my work/errands done before I crash again, around 3:30pm. I 've been on Adderall for several years and at first it seemed like a miracle drug. On 20mg/day I felt awake for the first time in my life. But now, about 8 years later, I think my tolerance is way up, as the 60mg/day I take now is no where as effective as the 20mg was years ago. Until there is better treatment for Narcolepsy, Adderall is better than nothing.
I don 't represent anyone but myself (I 'm always skeptical about these posts).  I know everyone is different.  I 've been depressed to one degree or another my whole life, and have tried nearly every medicine that 's come along, from the early tri-cyclics through MAO inhibitors, to SSRI/SNRIs.  None worked well enough in the long run to compensate for the side effects (sexual dysfunction, weight gain, others).  After 3 years of mild depression and no medicines, things got severe again.  I 'm in week 3 of Pristiq.  Mood improved within 24 hours, and I feel as though my brain 's turned on again.  I have mild side effects (sleep and jaw clenching), but these are tolerable for the mood improvement.  Hope it keeps working, and wish everyone good luck.
I have been on beyaz for about 4 years and had been very happy with it--it controlled my mild acne which is one of the main reasons for taking this birth control. About 5 months ago, my insurance started to send me rajani instead, and although I was upset about the change initially, I did not have a single pimple during the 3 months I was on it. My insurance somehow started covering beyaz again and started mailing it out to me. I 'm starting my second month on it again and I am noticing more occasional pimples (that I remember getting prior to rajani). I 'm considering asking my doctor to switching me to rajani for good.
I just started taking chantix 3 days ago. I so far have had no side effects at all and i have only smoked 1/2 pack today. I am a 26 year old and I have smoked for 12 years. I am really hopeful that this will help me quit. I did have a strange dream last night but im not sure it was from the meds or not.
I have been on oxycontin and oxycodone for years. Up to 400 mg a day - and that was taken as prescribed. I 'm not a drug addict but unfortunately medicines of this nature cause physical dependence and it doesn 't matter if you use them as prescribed or not, after prolonged use, the withdrawal is horrific, to say the least. You don 't need to be an addict to use Suboxone. Suboxone allows you to detox in a nice, comfortable and more importantly, a humane way. If you have pain, the pain will not go away. It 's not perfect but it will take care of most of the detox symptoms in a way that you will be able to function. You don 't have to go &quot;cold turkey&quot; and it 's even better than &quot;tapering off&quot; what you 're used to taking. Try Suboxone, it works.
I really like this pill! The only major lasting side effect was weight gain and I did put on quite a few pounds within a couple months, but it 's nothing too worrisome. I also have never gotten my period will on this pill and it has been about a year now since I have first taken it. I have talked to my physician and it is normal. All I get is a bit of brown-ish substances when I 'm on the sugar pills. My acne has cleared up wonderfully. I have such great skin and have gotten many compliments on it! The downside is my skin has dried up quite a bit, but moisturizer helps. Overall, I really love this brand of birth control, but because I want to follow a more natural path for my menstrual cycle, I will be swapping to a different brand.
If you are reading this the night before you are going to get skyla put in, STOP READING NOW. Every woman is different so how you react will more than likely not be the same as these horror stories you see on here. I made the mistake of reading these and I was so nervous for my appointment.  I 'll admit, the insertion was extremely painful but only lasted less than a minute. I was lightheaded and my legs were numb for about 5 minutes but I was able to drive myself home. I had some cramping afterwards but nothing too severe. Some ibuprofen every 4 hours made them go away. I got mine put in 2 days ago and my cramps have completely gone away. I 'm looking forward to seeing how this works for me! Don 't let the negative comments steer you away.
I started taking this pill when I was 16, I am now 20. The pill started out fine and I loved it for the past 3 years but this last year is different. Starting the pill it cleared my acne up very well. I only gained maybe 10lbs at most, but that 's as well as growing up and fitting into my body. The pill has worked great for birthcontrol. It has made me have a regular, light 3-4 day period every month. Rarely any cramps too. But this past year I have been noticing a few different side effects. My cramping is getting worse with each period, I started spotting more monthly and during my period I get severe migranes. Stopping the pill for a month to see if my headaches get better..
Works very well but there are pretty severe withdrawal symptoms after missing only a couple days.
1-2 months of taking then you feel the real effect but my constipation is back after 2 months
I couldn 't get hard enough to penetrate partner. My Dr. gave me Viagra to try. It didn 't work at all gave me a severe headache , back ache and worst of all made my heart race and almost hyperventilate. Then sent me to a urologist yesterday and he believes its is mental not physical but gave me Stendra which I never heard of. Took it last night for the first time wow 15 minutes pow rock hard was able to do it without issue several hours later was able to go at it again without issue. Best part of all no side effects what so ever.
Ive been taking this med for about a month now. The only side effects that have really happened is light upset stomach and restless feelings during the day. I feel like I always need to be moving. Its not bad given some of the side effects ive experienced from other drugs this has to be the least problematic so far. My mood has become much better and the depression I started out with is gone. Although I have not had a manic phase yet I can 't say how its treating those its only been a month. I would recommend this for bi polar probably combined with another medication to help with the restlessness and hard time sleeping.
I am 24, and have suffered from mild acne pretty much forever. I have very oily skin but was reluctant to go on Accutane. This is my second time using Epiduo. The first time I noticed it  'stopped working ' and I was breaking out again, and that was only after a month or so. Going to try it long term this time! So far my skin is dry and peeling, but the results are amazing, not one spot at the moment.
I 've been on Effexor XR going onto 3 years. I started at 37.5mg and am now on 150mg. I find that the body builds a tolerance to it and the dose needs to be increased. It does help my social anxiety almost completely but I still get moments of general anxiety, not anything like they used to be premedication. The only side effect I get is hot flashes. Also when you come down with a cold or flu, there 's really nothing you can take except Tylenol for fever and pain due to drug interactions
I have partial complex seizures. I also take tegretol XR and Diamox. Before Vimpat I was a seizure at least 3-5 times a month, especially after my menstruation. But I can say with the vimpat I don 't have seizures, I will a little jump here and there but nothing major. The major side effects I have experience are the following: weight gain (about 50 pounds), dizzy when I intially take it if I don 't eat enough food, and sometimes my words and thoughts would be off. lately I notice that I fall a lot but I don 't know if its related or the vimpat. But I can say it has controlled my seizues. It didn 't increase my appetite but I have gained a lot of weight, my Dr say its normal with Vimpat. I receive Vimpat for free with the patient assitance.
I started buspirone last week. Prescribed to take one 7.5mg twice a day. I 'm not big on pill taking so with my doctors consent have only taken them when needed. The first day was... a unique one. I was extremely lightheaded and dizzy. As if the entire room was spilling but at the same time I had this unbelievable sense of relief from my anxiety. There are no words for the sense of relief and calm that i felt.With each day I 've taken them the dizzy spell has gotten weaker and weaker. I do have a dull headache afterwards but it passes with time and Tylenol. I 'm hoping that goes away as well. But if I have to choose between minor dizziness, and a slight headache over the chest pounding, agonizingly severe panic attack... I choose the buspirone
I have been taking Elmiron for about 7 years for interstitial cystitis. It had no effect on me for the first 6 months but then suddenly began to work very well. I had trouble remembering to take it 1 hour before or 2 hours after eating and would skip it if I forgot. I gradually realized that one 100mg dose a day was just as effect as taking three, so I changed to that as my goal dosage. I have experienced some hair thinning at the crown of my head, but since I am 70 years old I cannot be sure that was caused by Elmiron. When there was a mysterious halt in manufacture of the drug several years ago that lasted for several months before resumption, the symptoms of interstitial cystitis reappeared after a couple of weeks.
I rated this a 7 because it is working but not 100%.  For the last 5 or 6 days I notice I have a problem swallowing.  The food feels like it gets stuck in my throat and it hurts as it goes down and then I get the hiccups.  This started about 4 or 5 days after I started the medicine.
had suffered bipiolar for at least the last 28 years until I desgovered lithum it saved me. I no longer have mood swings, or spending money I dont have and then crying for nothing. I read alot of books until I discovered that i had bi piolar
More effective than SSRIs. Needed experimentation over a long period for maintenance dosage. Any modifications to dosage were done in small amounts, as I experienced considerable side effects. We&nbsp;are all different and, this is key to interpreting personal experiences!
Have had sleep issues for yrs. 72 yrs old male. Sober 32 yrs. was prescribed 5 mg at first, but was made aware that it could be addictive.  Was desperate...  Have been taking 10 mg nightly for three months.  Seems to help a lot, but learned quickly not to be on the phone etc after taking the drug one hour later. Say stupid things and do not remember.
I have dealt with constipation on &amp; off most of my life, and I was diagnosed with irritable bowel syndrome. It had been about a week since my last bowel movement and I was so bloated and miserable. I happen to be at the pharmacy and saw that the Ducolax suppositories where on sale, so I bought it. I used the one suppository at 6:17pm, the directions said it would start to work within 15 minutes to an hour. Not even minutes, it took 10 minutes to work and the pain, cramps, bloating lasted 20 minutes &amp; I was finshed. I recommend using the suppository over the pill. Cuz after reading all these bad reviews ontaking the pill form of Ducolax, using the suppository works a lot better!
Just had a baby two months ago. And wanted to start birth control Bc I have bad cramps. Before my pregnancy I was on birth control for six years. So far so good. No side effects just wish it was an birth control out to help lose weight 
I have had the scopolamine patch a few times now, but I was given them to control the nausea/vomiting after surgery. First time I had it was Jan 2014 when I had surgery. I took off the patch 3 days later and I ended up in the hospital for uncontrollable vomiting about 24hrs after the patch came off. However me nor the Drs connected it to the patch. November 2014 I had to have emergency surgery. I was given the patch again, 3 days later I took off the patch 48hrs later I was in the ER and admitted that night for uncontrollable nausea/vomiting. Saturday night they put the patch back. I took the patch off Wednesday, now I 'm waiting to see what happens. Noticeable side effect, dilated pupils and blurry vision. Huge problem for me.
I started Contrave at my doctors request on Jan 14th at 224 pounds. This morning I was 215. I 've had virtually no side effects. My doctor said to lose 8 pounds per month, and I 've lost 9 pounds in just short of a month. I 've noticed that drinking lots of water, and spacing out meals and snacks has kept the nausea at bay. I take my 1st dose at 6:30 am with my breakfast. I eat a piece of fruit at 10:30, lunch around 1:30, a Fiber One snack at 3ish, then dinner around 6 with my second dose. High protein snacks have really helped a lot.
I 've taken Septra DS before (with no side effects), but for some reason this time it is different! It has given me severe insomnia!! Very odd and super frustrating. Also has caused me a lot of nausea but doctor prescribed Zofran (also known as the miracle medicine for nausea), so that 's better. Also feel a bit &quot;out of it&quot; and lethargic. One last strange symptom it 's causing me is &quot;urinary hesitancy.&quot; Had no idea there was such a thing until I spoke to my dr about it. Hoping these symptoms resolve or I may need to switch medicines, as only half way through this 10-day treatment.
Been taking Effexor XR for a while now. Helped with the depression and anxiety. However -1 for the constant nausea and -1 for the constant insomnia
I and 24 years old and had Nexplanon inserted at the end of January of 2016. It has been a relatively tough adjustment. I now struggle with cystic acne, even on my chest and back, especially around my period. I still get a period every month, except now it 's not like clockwork where as before it was. I will say it is much lighter. I am more moody around my period than I used to be. Good news is I haven 't gained weight, noticed a change in my libido, or gotten pregnant. I will more than likely call my dermatologist or OBGYN to get a prescription for my acne. The side effects aren 't the best but they could be worse. I would take not having an unwanted pregnancy over acne any day.
Quit date 3 days away, after a month on Zyban, cigarettes taste bad, and aren 't satisfying at all. Have reduced by half, without even starting with the nicotine replacement lozenges and gum. Was taking Lexapro for anxiety, stopped and switched to Zyban as my anti-anxiety and smoking cessation.
Stopped the diarrhea. 
I am back to update my time on Bydureon. It has been going pretty good. My sugars were really going down I suffered a few lows 40 to 50s so Dr. dropped Januvia and Actos then my sugars started going up. It 's been a rough two weeks but hopefully they will level out. My appetite has gone down a lot and looks like I am finally losing some weight.
I took this birth control for a few years and it allowed me to predict my period to the time and day I was supposed to have it, but it made my PMS worse than ever. Great to take if you don 't have much pain to begin with.
I had been getting wind pain and lower abdominal pain from not been able to go for about 4-5 days. I took 2 tablets around noon. I have never taken any laxatives prior to this. 6 hours later I experienced some mild cramping which lasted for another 8 hours. When the cramping died down around midnight I experienced some flatulence which gave my bloated stomach some relief and I was able to take a short nap. Woke up at 6am and I 'm happy to say it did the trick. If I was in the same situation I would take this again, I suppose most users don 't post unless their reaction was extremely good or bad.
great
I 've been on the NuvaRing for a little over a year and at first I loved it, it was my first birth control and I did not think I would remember to take a pill everyday so this seemed perfect and it was. It is very effective for not getting pregnant, I have been having unprotected sex with my boyfriend since and not once had an issue.  The only thing is that it did not help with my cramps and back pain, as the months go on, the pain gets worse and worse.  I also have times of severe mood swings and depression.  I 'm switching to Seasonale this month to see if it works any better.
I am having a great time with the patch. I was on the ring for around 6 months (at age 15) and had continuous breakthrough bleeding. Since my switch to the patch, that 's cleared up. I 've been on it for almost a year and I haven 't experienced any nausea or head aches. I have gained around 10 pounds and I cry and get emotional more now. The patch can look alittle nasty but that 's fine. And SUPER SHIRT PERIODS!! One 3-4 days now!!
I liked this medication and stayed on it for almost 2 years. However, the vaginal dryness was so bad and embarrassing that I had to switch. I also think the medication caused hair loss.
I 've been taking Effexor XR for over a half of a year now. PROS: The biggest notice with this medicine is that I have not had a migraine since! I 've been getting migraines for over five years and the frequency is one migraine every two weeks; not fun at all. Since I have started the Effexor XR I have not gotten a migraine since then, which is very unusual! I also feel more social!CONS: I had to drop the dose to the minimum since I was a little bit more irritable at times. Also, I am unsure if the Effexor is helping me gain weight or if that 's my fault for the lack of exercising. I started to get TMJ (grinding of the teeth) when I took Effexor with Amitriptyline at night. It stopped since I take Effexor in the morning and the other at night.
I have been on this medication only 2 weeks I am finally not crying all the time. I am still not sleeping. I go for days not sleeping and when I do it is only for 2 or 3 hours. I am hoping this med eventually helps my sleep time. I don 't seem to be having any side effects. If weight gain is a side effect it will help since I have been too thin most of my life. I have tried so many meds for depression and this one seems to be the only one that has had any effect on it at all. I would considerate it to be wonderful and would recommend it for depression.
I have had my bar since September of 2015. So a most 8 months. It does exactly what the Dr 's said. No leriod.  No babies. No worrying about taking a pill or daily or anything. The only bad thing... it has caused me to gain a buck of wait. I was doing good losing weight before. I had lost 10 pounds. Since I had this in. I 've gained 20 almost 30 pounds!
I have been using Yaz as birth control since 2012, yaz is working so well on me, no side effects, everything is good. 
I have been on this birth control for about 3 months. At first, I broke out everywhere horribly and was extremely moody and emotional. I haven 't noticed any weight gain, and I do like it a lot better now. I used to have a pretty clear face except around my period I would break out, and the birth control hasn 't made it any worse or better in three months. I have never taken any other type of birth control, so I don 't have much to compare it to but it works well enough for me!
As a last resort I was placed on Vancomycin every 12 hrs for 7 wks to treat a post surgical MRSA staph infection. Thankfully with the help of a home health agency, I was able to administer it at home. Initially I didn 't notice many side effects except feeling wore out. After 1 or 2 wks tho my chest felt very tight &amp; taking breaths was painful. My Nurse recommended Zantac for heartburn. Honestly tho, a muscle relaxer worked better &amp; took away those symptoms. Then a few wks into treatment I started getting bad dizzy spells. For that my nurse recommended regular V8 juice to increase my sodium. That worked great! Overall the side effects of the actual medicine wasn 't too bad compared to the benefits. By wk 6/7 the staph wounds mostly cleared up.
In the beginning of December, I had an abortion and waited 3 weeks until after the procedure to start taking this pill.  Although I was slightly nauseous in the beginning, my skin (which got pretty bad during my pregnancy) started marginally improving and to my surprise my mood was perfectly fine. I 've been on 2 different birth controls (Estrostep  - which made me puke, and yaz, which made me want to go on a homicidal rampage and/or jump off of a cliff). I 'm having a much better experience on Tri- Sprintec. I did get a little snippy during the 3rd week BUT I 'm usually much worse when I 'm not on birth control so this wasn 't a change for the worse.  Plus, I got my period when I was supposed to with no breakthrough bleeding, despite the 3 week delay.
I am 36 and was diagnosed with ADD shortly after my youngest son was diagnosed with ADHD. I take 36mg Concerta and it has changed my life and saved my career. Looking back, I should have been diagnosed as a child, but my intellect got me through college, the military and life in general thus far. Had I been treated as a child, life would have been a lot easier. However, my struggles have made me who I am. I recently began a new position at work and it is extremely challenging. I need to be exceptionally focused and organized. I was drowning and getting depressed about my lack of success until I started taking the Concerta. 2 months later I have been promoted and able to handle a larger workload.....HOWEVER, my son developed severe tics.
Birth control pills make me extremely nauseous, &amp; the shot made me gain a ton of weight &amp; caused bad acne, so the only method I can use consistently is the Nuvaring. It keeps my skin clear, is easy to use, doesn 't bother my husband during sex, and it grew my breasts a cup size. Unfortunately, Nuvaring makes me SO tired that I gained weight due to inactivity since all I want to do is sleep, I suspect it has caused anxiety &amp; depression (although I can 't be sure), and it gives me a terrible headache &amp; nausea the first 3 days I put a new ring in. It dulls my sex drive a bit, but nothing major. I will probably stick with this method for a while unless something better comes around.
I have bacterial pneumonia with 2 spots on my lungs after the flu. Not much nasal involvement. Bad headache, body ache, fever and chills. Deep dry cough. Started Levaguin  by IV at the ER but within an hour I got hives on mouth and neck and slightly itchy all over, then 3 bouts of projectile vomiting.  Then tried Clavimycin but developed hives  after 2 days. Both meds helped me feel better and headache &amp; fever went away.  Now on amoxicillin-clav 875, twice a day. Symptoms are very slowly improving. Only a bit of loose stool. Probiotics and bland diet help.
Not sure exactly what condition I have, Doctor 's have just generically named it &quot;Peripheral Neuropathy&quot; but there 's more to it than that. I 'm 38 now &amp; I 've battled this since I was a child. I have this intense burning ache that began as a child in my feet &amp; has gotten worse over time. It also affects my hands. It used to just act up at bedtime, so bad at times that I had to wrap my feet in ice packs to get relief. Now it 's all hours &amp; hands/feet and I have a stiffness and severe putting edema that pops up &amp; then disappears with no regularity. There 's no explanation from Doctor 's YET. I was given this cream and I rub it into my hands, wrists, feet, &amp; lower legs. It does seem to calm things some, reduces the burn.
On Humira approx 4-5 yrs now.  I understand the risk of your immune system being compromised however the relief I receive outweighs in my mind that risk.  I am overall a healthy and active individual.  I 'm 56.  I take Methotrexate in combination with the Humira.  Early January 2015 I had a knee replacement.  Successful surgery.  I needed to be off the Humira for more than 2 months due to that.  during that time I had major flareups.  I 've been injecting again with the humira pen ,  3x in 3 weeks...it 's not yet working again....Has anyone experienced this being off of it for a few months and then starting up and the humira being non-effective?  I 'd be interested to know.  I 'm at the point to ask my Rheum what gives?  Diff treatment options?
Just started using Repreve 0.5mg and find it 's alleviating my symptoms at the moment. I 'm having some minor side effects for e.g. feeling a little off color at times and bit of after taste in the mouth. So fingers crossed see if my body adjusts to these minor side effects and hopefully I 'm not needing to up the dosage required to keep my symptoms at bay.
I 've been on the shot for about two years now and I 've only spotted a few times here and there. I did gain almost 40 pounds though. I do like not having to worry about a regular period though and I used to have slightly heavy periods to. I would say it 's been more positive then negative.
Pros: works for anxiety, depressionCons: weight gain, ED, orgasm troubles, just stopped caring about everything
It doesn 't give you a hyper focus like Adderall but I noticed when I 'm at work I can stay on task without my mind wondering around at any little distraction. I 'm only on 150mg SR once a day and should be at 300mg a day but at this dose it sends my anxiety right up.
This medicine has helped me with my pain. It seems to work very well for me.
I 've been taking this medication for a one week, 2 days now. I was scared to take it at first because I have never taken an oral contraceptive before. I was on the patch and it was a nightmare. But this medication sits pretty well with me. I get a little nausea from time to time but nothing major. Occasionally a headache and mild cramps. (these symptoms aren 't normal for me so that 's how I know its the medication). I 've also have my period for as long as I been taking it but it 's very light. Hopefully my body will get used to it soon. Oh and I haven 't any mood swings.
Started  amlodipine 3 months ago and blood pressure dropped from 160/90 to 135/70. After 2 weeks I noticed foot/ankle swelling, doctor prescribed diuretic, didn 't work. Now bad itch and bumpy blistery looking rash. For the past month, I 'm exhausted, dull nagging headache, general malaise, shortness of breath, lethargic, gained 5 lbs. I used to power walk with weights 3 miles 5X week, but stopped due to shortness of breath. When I ride my bike I get winded to the point of dizziness and nausea. Glad I found these reviews I think it 's the Blood pressure medicines.
Somehow I managed to pinch a nerve in my right neck/shoulder area and it has been causing shooting pains from the shoulder to the thumb, numbing of the thumb, and occasional spasms in the shoulder area.  The Robaxin has helped in a dramatic way, not 100% but definitely 75-80% better.
Been on this for 10 days for pneumonia. I definitely feel better but am still wheezing. A follow up X-ray shows improvement so I can say that the drug worked, just not as fast as I would have liked. No side effects other than difficulty falling asleep. I would take it again.
I see a lot of comments here citing nausea, headaches and not loosing weight. I have not experienced nausea or headaches. I take two pills in the morning and two at dinner, which is usually pretty late for me. I went to my doctor because I was sabotaging diet efforts with binge eating episodes. I asked if increasing my normal dose of Effexor would help and she suggested I try adding Contrave. I do feel a bit more energy coursing through me and seem to sweat a little however, my binge eating is nixed! This was just what I needed to take back control. I have not added additional exercise or any extreme diet. I am working to have a normal relationship with food and get back down to a healthy weight. Portion Control!
I was diagnosed with ADHD 2 years ago and was put on Dexedrine and Adderall. I recently was in rehab for alcoholism and a nasty heroin and Xanax addiction. While in rehab the doctors switched me to Wellbutrin which worked well for my ADHD but made my hair fall out. I started researching natural ways and now I take about 200mg of Fish Oil every morning along with vitamin B12 before work. I don 't know if it is the placebo effect or what but friends, family and coworkers have noticed I am a lot more focused and my job performance is a lot better.
I am having a good experience with this-been on it for  apx 2 months and it very nice to have some energy.I dont know how it does it but it helps with the pain also,doesnt make it go away but makes it not as annoying.I can actually have a life now.
I have been taking this for about 3 years, it does work very well. If I miss a dose I will have bad nightmares. I highly would recommend not driving or doing anything that may cause injury, I would say it has a slight intoxicating effect kind of like alcohol. You might find yourself doing a lot of things you didn 't remember doing when you wake up in the morning.
I have been on this medicine for three and a half months. I started off at 291lbs now at 260lbs and I feel so much better. But been off my pill for four days waiting for the delivery, the cravings beginning to come back...so I have to fight!
I 've tried many medications for my anxiety, but  this medication does a great job. Gave me back my appetite, and actually is helping me quit smoking. It 's a great medication.
I have been on letrozole for a year now. My issues are some hot flashes, increased vaginal atrophy/dryness (getting pretty bad) and I wake up in the middle of the night with painful and stiff fingers, but if I wiggle my fingers around, it goes away. I think they get painful and stiff from not being moved while I am asleep. They are not too bad during the day, but the tendinitis I had prior to taking letrozole that affected the base of my thumbs got worse. I am currently in clinical trials to assess the usefulness of acupuncture for the joint pain and stiffness. I am hoping this will turn out to be a solution for women who find the joint pain unbearable.
Starting off with my condition before LoSeasonique... I had heavy periods, by the time I turned 20 my cramps were so bad that I had to rest a day and apply a heat pack. My skin was always breaking out and it was only worse in the summer. I went to my doctor and he offered me three options: herb supplements, hormone pills or BC pills. I chose the last one. I 'm not sexually active but college worries me so I figured better be safe than sorry.After starting it, my skin was clearing up, my periods are still existing but are so light that I usually don 't have to wear anything and my cramps are very mild. The only thing I recently experienced was 2 week period and some spotting, but as I said, it was very light. I 'm glad I chose option three
I have been on Rebif 44mg for 3 years now ever since I was diagnosed.  I do my The injections at bed time with a little bit of ibuprofen.  I have no family history of MS in my family.   When I was diagnosed I was in denial, disbelief and very angry.  Why me?!!   I have so much left I want to do...  The side effects I experienced are fever, chills, flu like, and next day dizziness were severe for the first year but no more attacks.  Now I experience general fatigue the day after the shot until about noon.   I wake up feeling very hot sometimes.  Good news is since being on rebif only one new lesion that was stopped with steroids.  And come to terms with why me to what am I suppose to learn from this. You can live with this and live well.
Since Epiduo is a retinoid like every retinoid epiduo reacts with your skin for some weeks, like 6-8 weeks after which the original results start showing up. Please don 't give up since you break out more than before that 's a normal thing while using epiduo. I have been using this cream for more than an year now and my face is all clear and scars have faded too. This cream was prescribed by my dermatologist and works wonder in a long run. Don 't expect over night results though.
The nice thing about this medication is that it cuts well where Armour is much  harder to cut (crumbles) in order to get optimal levels. Sometimes we need to add a bit extra.
In the treatment of my severe chronic asthma, this medication is best at managing my condition. I take it subcutaneously once each month, two injections of 150 mg each.
I suffered debilitating Gout foot pain, due to my love for animal-based protein. With Allopurinol daily, I can eat those foods again...just in moderation now. I am a fit, lean 51-year-old Mountain Biker, who rides 3-4x a week. Side effects are nighttime itchy arms and back. I hate taking any meds - but Allopurinol is cheap and now part of my daily dosing. I also had to stop taking daily Aspirin(325mg) as it was amplifying my Uric Acid levels.
I 've had chronic constipation for 8 years now and I can go anywhere between one to three weeks without a movement. My doctor prescribed me Amitiza and I 'm now having a movement every other day. The only reason I didn 't give a ten is the side effects are brutal. I 've eaten a full meal and drank water and I 've still gotten terrible nausea and I 've even vomited from it. And the headaches don 't give a good impression either. But I would rather deal with that than the horrible constipation. Overall I love it!
I am a 34 year smoker.  I am on my 4th week of Chantix. Could not quit on &quot;quit date&quot; because my urges were just  too strong to resist still.  I have cut down from a pack a day to 5-8 cigarettes a day.  I am scared it won 't work and I won 't be able to quit.  The cigarettes I am smoking now are because of the strong physical urges, the &quot;habit&quot; urges are gone. They don 't really taste good anymore though and there is no satisfaction when I do smoke, but I can 't seem to stop these last cigarettes that I am smoking now.  I still have another whole box of Chantix to take though, so we 'll see.
I 've been on Paxil CR for about 4 months now. I would highly recommend it. My doctor decided to put me on it immediately after my suicide attempt. Today I feel great, have stopped crying and my suicidal thoughts are gone. Only bad side effect is my lack of interest in sex.
I 've had Implanon for about ten months now and it 's definitely working for me. AT first, my period was very irregular, then it stabilized, but with two small periods a month rather than one big one, which was a bit annoying, but didn 't last long. Now, after ten months, I have a normal period, no unexplained weight gain and no skin problems. All in all, definitely worth it, and so much cheaper over a longer period of time.
I have been on this for nearly 5 years now and it has worked wonders for me. I am taking the modified release capsules 80mg a day, I was on 160mg but wanted to cut down a bit. Anyway I feel great. Have not been so calm in ages and has made me more calm and confident. I strongly recommend.
At first, lung function was markedly improved, then I started having rapid and irregular heart problems, along with high blood pressure. Because I was also taking Atrovent, my Doctor told me that I shouldn 't take both. He decreased the Spiriva and my heart problems subsided. Unfortunately, I have lost some lung function, my activity level has decreased probably 70% and I am living on inhalers every 3hrs. And I feel like an elephant has parked himself on my chest! Quality of life is minimal so I 'm ready to resume taking Spiriva.
I thought it helped a lot, not a miracle or anything of course. I felt better and did not have any sleep issues while using it. I hope that is just dependent on the user.
I have had my Mirena in for 21/2 weeks.  Before that I was on the pill for many years.  I am 36 and have had 2 kids by C-section.  My periods have been heavier since I had kids and I don 't want to have any more.  I also have slightly high blood pressure.  Doc suggested we do Mirena because it is used to treat heavy periods, has no estrogen (which can contribute to high blood pressure) and circulates progesterone only in the uterus rather than systemically.  The insertion was...um...awful, but quick.  After that, just some cramping for the rest of the day and light spotting.  I few days later I actually woke up with a sex drive!!  Haven 't had a period yet, but still have occasional cramps.  Over all, has been a good choice so far.
After not sleeping for three days went cold turkey from Ambien. Dont do this...and after watching the movie Munich, I had a full on Panic Attack.  At first I thought I was having a stroke then a heart attack. I felt my life force living my body then I got really scared of dying. I had a distinct taste of metal in my mouth and slight pain in my upper torso with trouble catching my breath.  Then I really thought I was having a heart attack. I called 911..they showed up an hour later.  My blood and EKG tested fine. No drugs or booze. I used to think panic attacks were all in the head and a joke...I learned my lesson. I take 0.5x2 a day. It helps.
I 've had the Mirena for about 3 1/2 years @ first I experienced bleeding for about 4-6 months with only a few days of not bleeding in between (like some have said) I got it inserted after I gave birth to my son. After those first months of bleeding passed my periods became light and only lasting a few days. I love this because before I was a heavy, heavy bleeder! But recently I 've noticed way more acne, along with bleeding (spotting) every 2 weeks. Now all of a sudden I had a heavy period again! Along with cramps and the same old stuff! I 'm kinda scared because it has always worked extremely well for me! I wonder if all this is because it 's getting closer to the 5 year mark! Can anyone relate?
I started taking this drug for a chest infection 3 days ago. So far .... The taste in my mouth is so vile I cannot even begin to describe it. Every swallow makes me shudder. I feel sick and have no appetite. I have have acute pain in my stomach and side , I guessed from lack of solid food which has left me gasping as the cramps set in. I 'm actually constipated, which differs from others experiences,  but who knows, its day 3 after all. Sleep is here and there, sometimes I get a solid hour and I just feel exhausted. I 've stayed in bed. I have lower back pain, and feel like I 'm at deaths door. I also have no concentration and desire to complete simple tasks. Won 't be keen to repeat this again in a hurry
I have only been using Rogaine for two months now, but I can tell that it is working. A few things I have learned: do not overuse this product! Stick to the 1 ml regardless if you have hair loss all over or not! It 's not worth the side effects. I wasn 't sure how much to be applying because I know they say only use 1 ml, but since I have diffuse thinning all over, I feel like I need to apply it in back as well. Anyway I am going to use less of it and try to apply more evenly. I hear that it works all over regardless of how much you apply, hope this is true. I have headaches if I use too much. 
Bunavail work great for detox and keeping away from opiates but there is one major draw back and that 's getting the film not to roll back on itself in which you lose probably 1/4 of absorption not going into you cheek and instead it can sit in your mouth your saliva hoping to get it distributed elsewhere like the underneath of tongue. I have tried bending the corners to  prevent the rolling which helps a little but the film still wants to roll, bend corners 90&deg; for best results. Not supposed to cut the films but manys docs say to do it which is fine because the bup and nalox is equal distributed, I called bunavail to check. But when you cut the films seems to be worse on rolling up because less surface that the film has to stick to your cheek
I 've been on Depakote for almost a year now. I also take Paxil and Wellbutrin. I gained around 10lbs right from the start. My weight has seemed to have stayed steady the last few months. It 's extremely hard to lose it. I have been through a lot of different medications to try and treat bipolar disorder. Even with the medicines I 'm on, I 'm still depressed and like I don 't matter. I 'm very sleepy and can lay down and take a nap at any time. I started taking B Complex because I stay so sleepy. My new concern is memory. I can 't think of words and dates or names like movie stars very fast and it concerns me. 
Improved my depression greatly. Plus, it has improved my concentration. Reading more books because of it, but more importantly, being able to FINISH a book. An added plus as I seemed to struggle with sticking to one task and lose interest quickly. Maybe I had a little ADD and didn 't know it.
Ritalin made me able to block out everything and focus on reading my boring, tedious nursing books. Take it at least 12 hours before you go to sleep, or else it will keep you up at night with thoughts racing. It suppresses appetite and makes most people lose weight- I actually gained weight because I would be starving and binge eat at the end of the night. I did like Ritalin, but it made me too irritable so I switched to Adderall. That is much more pleasant and even more effective. Focalin 10 mg is good for people with mild ADHD symptoms. 
Carafate Suspension was prescribed by my doctor because of stomach problems caused by taking pain killers and anti-inflamatory drugs for knee injury. Already taking Omeprozole but it was not doing the trick. The carafate worked great. Realy calmed down the acid reflux.
I took this drug when I was pregnant.  I was Vomiting so much I had to be hospitlized at least 4 times and had to have in house IV treatments.  Once I took this drug I was able to go back to work.  The only problem was my insurance stopped covering the drug. 
I started the shot in June. The first month I spotted and when it was about the time I get my period it got a little heavier for two days and back to spotting for 2 more weeks. I 've had heavy periods since I was ten, I don 't have fibroids just bleed really heavy. I recommend this shot if you have heavy periods. We don 't use any other contraception and no pregnancies here. The only reason I give it a 8 is because it made my anxiety come back. This is a secret weapon and I think a lot of the negative reviews are just women who want to keep the depo shot secret to themselves. Give it a shot but also some time for your body to adjust to it.
No side effects after over two years of use... 150mg/day
Very good for stage fright, or fear of flying because it does not impair functioning, many people don 't &quot;notice&quot; it at all, but are noticeably calmer.
I started taking 25 mg about a year and a half ago I got up 200 mg once a day I found in the beginning my hands would tingle I had bitter a taste in my mouth but overtime that went away it did help with weight loss I lost about 10 pounds. I didn 't experience any hair loss in the beginning I had trouble remembering things but it eventually fades away and you 're back to normal at least for me . I believe this drug does work specially if you have migraines.
While I do believe it has lengthened by life, the side effects are difficult to deal with.  I am extremely sun sensitive, also have a rash on my wrists that doesn 't go away. 
It 's hard for me to fall asleep almost every night. And I 'm also a very light sleeper.  I don 't take it every night (10mg), just when I 'm having issues with trying to fall asleep/stay asleep. One of the first times taking it about a year ago, I was visiting my mom. I took the pill and laid down. About 15min later I started sweating and felt really weird!  I started hallucinating like crazy!! I was seeing a cat on the bed and then I started seeing people in the room. I then started to freak out and got really scared. I got up to use the bathroom and then fell into the wall. She helped me back to bed. The whole experience was SO scary!! I now take 5mg and it works fine w/ no issues. I think the dose was too much.
I used monistat 1 for the first time and I 'm happy with the results.  Reading some of these reviews  did scare me a little. I had no itch or burning.  I would suggest that you use cortisone as a itch relief after inserting the applicator
I 've taken this bc for 5 years &amp; absolutely loved it but have noticed that within the past two years I 've had no sex drive what so ever &amp; can not get wet. If it wasn 't for those side effects I would keep taking it but I 'm changing to a new bc to hopefully fix that.
I 've been on Zoloft for three days and I already feel an improvement. I 've got to say Zoloft you 've given me my life back. THANK YOU.
WannabehepcfreeAnd all others that think they can 't afford these drugs. Contact the drug manufacturer. Each drug has their own programs to pay for the drugs, if insurance will not. Treatment is available to everyone. You just have to go straight to the drug manufacturers themselves. This is how I did the peg-interferion, ribovirun them drugs sucked. I start new drugs in September 2017 and am really nervous. Past drugs made white blood cell count go really low, I had zero energy but worst of all I felt like I had insects under my skin constantly. I failed treatment. Haven 't heard any of you say you had itching or the feeling of bugs under skin so ya! That 's good. Good luck to all.
This drug makes it possible for me to live a normal life. It doesn 't affect me the was it is supposed to. I 've had severe depression after having a miscarriage and basically having a complete breakdown. My PCP prescribed it for insomnia to get me through until the antidepressants kicked in. I took it one night and it didn 't make me tired but I felt calm and for the first time in weeks I was able to have clear thoughts. I was able to do housework and talk about my feelings more. I take it in the morning and it actually gives me the drive to make it through the day.
Lisinopril(taken at 5mg and 10mg) put my chronic kidney disease in remission, but it gives me hypotension and syncope.
Yes it helped a lot and i love the fact that i can concentrate now because before i couldn 't concentrate at all. The thing is that after a few hours, i start to feel really depressed and really emotionnal but i love the fact that i can express myself better now.
For anyone taking this medication, do not take it with any kind of antidepressants or mood medication like Celexa, zoloft, tegretol, Xanax, or abilify. Definitely do not take it with ambien. It works wonders by itself, I 've been on it since 2005 it helps with the anxiety symptoms I get from my PTSD. Anytime I feel disoriented or way to anxious where I 'm throwing up, it usually takes about 30 to 40 minutes to work. But it 's better than the feeling of thinking that you are having a heart attack, because it 's just panic. Panic attacks can be managed many ways I use breathing techniques, (child breathing will not work lol) meditation, and medication. This is how I deal with that small aspect of my PTSD psychosis.
I 've been on Buspar for 7 days, and I have already noticed that my life-long intrusive thoughts/rumination have died down a lot. I have also noticed a decrease in social anxiety. I 'm taking 15mg a day, 7.5 morning/evening. I wasn 't on anything before, so I have nothing to compare to but my untreated state.
I 've recently gotten the Skylar onserted. Its easier than trying to remember the pill every day. Hpwever, I have been in constant pain since it was inserted and I have been spotting/bleeding for weeks. It is quite uncomfortable and the pain/bleeding gets worse after sex. It 's bad enough that I cannot stand or walk at times because of the discomfort.
I have severe acne and minocycline is the only thing that seems to be working for me. When I take it, there is pretty much never any new acne that comes, except if I forget to take it, then instantly a lot of zits appear.The problem is that my red marks are still as visible as ever and taking forever to go away and my acne will come back if I stop minocycline. This is my experience, though. It may work better for some people.
I have been taking Loestrin for 14 days now.  This is my first pill, so I was very concerned with side effects when I started.  The first three days weren 't too bad except for some light nausea.  The fourth night was absolutely terrible- it made me feel like I had the flu the nausea was so bad.  After that night, I 've only experienced occasional light to moderate nausea.  Mood swings here and there as well.  Overall feeling pretty good.  I have not noticed an increase in weight, cup size, or skin quality.
Now on Aviane for almost 2 months, I 'm somewhat happy... My periods once again follow a schedule and have become lighter. I don 't notice any difference in cramping or bloating from before (I usually experience those on the first day and still do). I 'm occasionally nauseous in the mornings. The worst side-effect for me is acne. I had pretty normal skin before- dry with one or two breakouts a month- now I 'm oily. And no matter how diligent I am about skincare, I wake up every morning with at least 3 or 4 (&amp; often more) new whiteheads. I 'm getting frustrated, but trying to give my body another month to regulate. I 'd hate to chance switching to something else that 's worse, but if this acne doesn 't subside, I 'm going back to my doctor.
Took 10mg samples in the AM, nausea and dizziness big problem 3rd and 4th day. Stopped for 2 days. Then took 1/2 pill in the evening around 8PM. A little nausea, sleep was affected but adjusting. But I believe it is what I need. I left the house 3 times on the weekend, answered my phone, went into 6 stores and most important, while home didn 't lay in bed.
First time I took it I felt better almost instantly- it was truly crazy! The second time was the same but the third time it didn 't help as much. However, it helped some and has so far kept me a little less feeling like I 'm gonna puke. Better than nothing.
I had a small lump removed from below my lip, and was prescribed efudex to be applied twice a day for four weeks. I have just finished that time, so I don 't know how effective it has been. I had no reaction for 9 days, then my lip became very swollen and weepy, cracked in the corner. My GP suggested that I put vaseline around the spot before applying the cream, and that helped the lips considerably.  I changed to paw-paw cream, which seemed to help. Now it is six days since I stopped applying the cream and I still have what looks like a large cold sore, as well as the red crustiness under my nose which started only when I stopped the efudex. I am hoping this may go soon. I am not sure whether to put anything on them or not.
I got liletta in August, so it&rsquo;s been about three months. The insertion was terrible, I nearly passed out and had to lay and regain my strength for about fifteen minutes afterwards. And the cramps after inserting and for the next couple of days were excruciating. After 2 days my cramps did stop and I felt okay. My periods have been spotty and irregular and last about 10 days, but this month I haven&rsquo;t had one at all so far so I&rsquo;m hoping they stop all together. Only symptom I have from it now is pretty painful cramps but it&rsquo;s nothing a painkiller can&rsquo;t relieve.
Heartburn other than that tolerable after being on warfarin for 28 yrs, love the fact no constant visits for protime testing.
So I 've been using Victoza for 3 weeks now and I 've lost about 3.5KG so far which is like a kilo a week roughly. Only experienced nausea on the second day and when I increased my dosage to 1.2mg. It also has helped suppress my appetite and stop me from eating out of boredom. I was wondering if anyone has noticed a change in their mood. I feel lazy, sluggish, not motivated and just overall blah feeling (more than usual) my sister is the same too and she 's also using victoza. I just find it hard to judge if it 's the medication or just because I 'm bored of being at home for the summer
Positive:Never got pregnant.Spotting when first inserted but then no periods for ~2 years. After their return, shorter and lighter.Don 't have to remember to take it every day.Negative:Increased appetite. Difficult to lose weight again. 30lbs up from pre-birth control. PMS before period. Before BC no noticeable change in mood. Considerably lower sex drive. Libido and lubrication are gone.
This stuff is working GREAT. I still have a long way to go but the results of one month of this applied daily has made a WORLD of difference.
I have been on tri-sprintec off and on for the last 5 years or so.PROS: Skin is clear, minimal weight gain (if any). My breasts swell but aren 't sore.CONS: Recently I have a headache for the first three days of each new pack. Over time I feel like it has given me more mood swings than it used to. Recently I have been feeling that has been making be feel depressed/sad. I just haven 't felt myself. The breakthrough bleeding has also gotten worse. I had it for a week in the middle of my pill pack. I 'm definitely bloated on this pill and retain water. It gets worse closer to my period. No problems during first 4 years! My body must be changing...GYNO switched me to Microgestin 1/20. hopefully its a smooth transition!
I have had this birth control for four months. No extra weight gain, in fact have lost weight. I got my period the first month but not since. The initial insertion was quick and easy. It poked me for like two days which was kind of annoying but after that it 's been great. A little moody around the time that I would normally get my cycle but other than that no complaints. I will get it again when it 's time to have it replaced.
I am on week 2. I love the fact that it really works, but I do not like the side effects. I have nausea everyday after I take my dose, also stomach pain. I have had some dreams but I can 't remember most of them. My husband did tell me that he came home from work the other night and I was screaming at the foot of the bed, that something hurt? I Have no memory of this. Otherwise I have been thankful someone created this medicine.
I was just recently prescribed Ambien for insomnia and pain medicines for the almost fatal gunshot wound that almost took my life almost 2 years ago. I used to be a law enforcement officer and now I can 't work anymore because of the injury. I just bought a brand new Charger with a hemi and I took a Ambien before I took a shower and my family told me that I tried to get in my car and take off! So please be careful when you take them.
My hubby was diagnosed with influenza A at Urgent Care on Saturday 2/4/17. Fever 100-102 started Friday 2/3 while at school (he teaches High School). The NP swabbed his nose and mine. He tested positive for flu; I tested negative. He got rx 'ed Tamiflu 2x for 5 days, and I am supposed to take 1x for 10 days to prevent. He is on day 5. Fever broke Monday, body aches were worst on Saturday, came back for a spell Monday. Today he is just tired. I took it twice and felt all geeky and wired so I quit taking it and decided I 'd take it if I felt like I was getting sick. Today (wed) I woke up feeling sick, congested, weak, tired, achy so I took the tamiflu. It makes me really nauseated kind of like if u get the stomach bug. Still seems effective tho
I 've been on Zoloft for a few days and feels as I have a flat bearer over my head., as if my volume controls have been set on medium permanently. I definitely notice sexual dysfunction. It took me forever to climax. 
First and foremost I want to let you all know, reading things on the internet, WILL NOT help, nor really be a good indicator of your personal reaction to any drug. There are many negative reviews here for Bactrim, and I 'm on day 3 of a 10 day dose for a staph infection (cellulitis) on, of all places the right side of my face/right ear (its wonderful!). Here 's my experience:Side Effects: Fatigue, headaches (though not consistent). I have a weaker stomach, and its doing just fine with my probiotic (get one with 30billion strands) and drinking lots of water/eating while taking it. The infection is clearing up. Day 3 was when I really noticed. Don 't be anxious when taking this, its definitely a mind over matter thing sometimes too.
I 've recently started taking Amitiza 24 mcg twice daily for chronic constipation. I wasn 't having any luck with OTC  remedies.  It took me 3 days to finally start have things move.  I did experience slight nausea after taking each dose.  Tolerable though. Hopefully as the next few days come and go things move along much better.
I normally take narcotic pain pills.  I have, usually moderate, pain in my joints and especially in my back.  I decided to try the Gabapentin. It did really help for the pain, and I also had a very relaxed feeling.  A couple of things I did not like was: 1) I was very clumsy and disoriented.  I couldn 't walk right and almost fell over several times.  2)  I laid down to watch a movie, since I was stumbling around my house, and I ended up passing out for hours... from about 3 to almost 7 today.  Now the &quot;sleep aid&quot; isn 't necessarily a bad thing, but maybe this medication is best only taken at night for some people, including myself.
Pro: little to no period (I didn 't have one at all after month four), no weight gain (I am very active though), no mood swings.Con: Acne, headaches (not migraines), little to no sex drive. The sex drive issue is why I 'm trying a different birth control. I love my husband and want to enjoy married life. 
I 've only been taking it since March 10 2012. I watch 4 kids and 1 of them is very hyper so far it has helped me deal with that child.
Great for nerve pain in my knees. Gapapentin is the best. But sleeping at night is terrible them I take a 300 mg of that med and I crash. All day then the cycle starts all over up all night really sleepy all day I am at the end I even take benadryl  and xanax at night still stay up.
Conquers the headache in about 2 hours and keeps it away for a day.  Slower to work than Imitrex but lasts longer for me.
I have been taking this for 3  months now and I feel we are getting somewhere.  I am taking 15 mg in the morning and 15 mg at 1pm.  I feel I could have the dose increased as I have only one side effect which is dry mouth.  No decreased appetite and no jitters.  I have decreased my coffee in take and am much calmer than I have been in years.  Before I had trouble with focus and gnatting about.  I know we are getting close to where I should be.  I am 44 and have suffered too long and so has my children, boss, friends, etc.
My 9 year old daughter has been on this for about 2 months.  We switched from Adderall XR due to severe weight loss.  This seems to work much better and also does not affect her personality like Adderall.   She has some loss of appetite but not as bad.   Yesterday I forgot to give the medication to her and she had a severe crying spell last night and did not know why.  I believe she may have been experiencing withdrawal symptoms.  She is taking 40 mg.   I may switch back to 30mg.  Be aware that you may not be able to stop this medication abruptly if on it for a long time.
I was on Restasis (was on it for 8 months) and that not do too much so I heard about Xiidra and my Dr. agreed to have me try it.  I have a very severe case of dry eye to a degree that it has affected my life so I am willing to try anything. I also tried Lipiflow and that did absolutely nothing due to my Meibomian glands being so thick and blocked-waste of money!  So far I have only been on Xiidra for 6 days and both of my eyes are starting to feel lubricated!  If this continues to work and improve my eyes, OMG I will be so thrilled.. I gave it an 8 only because it 's just been 6 days so I want to see if my eyes improve even more.  But I think that is a pretty good start!  Very happy so far that I have tried it!
I have been on all sorts of meds. Wellbutrin was beautiful but my throat swelled up and I broke out in hives. They  have tried lithium (scary rashes that took 4 months to clear) some other ones that made me worse or rashes. Latuda is the first that has been close to the awesomeness of Wellbutrin. I have more energy, eat less, fog like state of not fully &quot;being there&quot; is gone. I feel like a different person. The first week was nauseating but that went away and lasted a half hour at a time. When I bumped up to 40mg the nausea came back. My kidneys seem to be hurting but I am going with a wait and see if that goes away as well. I do not want to be taken off. Meds are hard to find that work.
My sig other was being given roxy 30s  daily by his friend and partner at work. His wife and he were both prescribed 180 a mo. At first my man was flying he worked 8-18hrs a day  on call for weeks at a time on top of his 40-60hr schedule. it was insane. Then his friend started smoking them and didn 't have the extras very much anymore. This is where HELL came into our life. My man was addicted no script. He was miserable sick and in fear of the awful sickness that loomed constantly. He was mean. They both deteriated and lost their jobs eventually. It ripped our family apart. When my guy  was let go he payday loans so deep they took his entire paycheck. His friend died on his bathroom floor last year. Our family was torn apart.
This medication does work. I had been through a lot of stress at work for 3 years and finally decided to start taking 50 mg of sertraline. I didn 't have any side effects and within two weeks I noticed that I am finally calm and &quot;happy&quot;. Nothing bothered me anymore. In a month after I started taking the medication I was laid off. I didn 't even cry. It was a shock though so I checked with my doc and she advised to increase the dose to 75 mg. I was taking it for about three months and started feeling emotionally numb and it seemed that the med stopped working. Also my hands/fingers were &quot;falling asleep&quot; at night and from holding an iPhone for more than 2-3 min. They still do. I am on 150 mg and my mood is fine. its been 13 months altogether.
I 've been taking trintellix for 3 months now. My doctor gave me samples for 2 1/2 months to try it out. It worked for me. No side effects, or nausea like some people have reported. At first my insurance denied coverage but after an appeal, I was covered. When I picked up my script it was 470$ I do feel a little extra sleepy at times, could be a side effect. But other than that I feel pretty good. However I still am not on anything for anxiety because they stopped giving benzos. I do take lamictal at night for my mood, but it 's not enough. After trying at least 10 meds, I am pretty happy with this one.
Reading all of these reviews I was a bit scared that I was gonna experience what these ladies have but I must say I was very fortunate not to feel like my vag was being burned off. Perhaps the burning correlates with the severity of the infection? Idk but I did feel a slight burn but nothing crazy, I applied it at night and when I woke up ,my genitals were less swollen. I 'm still itchy but not as itchy as before I started monistat. It 's not an immediate cure, I will say that. So have patience please and if u can go to the drs instead ,please do so. That would of been my choice but lucky me I got it on a Friday and my drs office is closed so here I am. But I feel better and I can 't wait to see how it completely heals in a few days.
I had COPD with chest pain, also I had shoulder pain due to lifting heavy objects last year. I had started prednisone 20mg x 2 two days back. I shall take it for 5 days. I felt much better on on second day only. Today is third day and I am feeling much better. My COPD symptoms improved very much. Also reduced swelling in my shoulder magically. I had not taken it for shoulder pain but it improved very much. Now I can raise my hand 90 degree which was impossible two days back.My breathless due to smoking related COPD is getting cured. improved upto 60%. Three more days to go, I shall update you.
I was prescribed flexeril for muscle spasms after spraining my lower back muscles while lifting a TV by myself. It was very helpful as a part of my recovery.
I took sulfamethoxazole all throughout high school and my first year of college and throughout that time my skin was crystal clear. No itty bitty clogged pores, no papules, no white heads. Couldn 't have been more perfect. Except for the fact it made me incredibly nauseous in the morning. Also it made me constipated, and whenever I did do a BM it was mushy and watery. It also made me quite bloated. But ever since I was taken off this medicine for those reasons in Dec/15, my skin has been a wreck. I was put on minocycline and it hasn 't worked the same. If anything, this is the worst my skin has ever been. I 'm thinking about asking my doctor to put me back on sulfamethoxazole and to just suffer through the nausea. What we do for beauty!
I got Skyla just a few days ago. The actual procedure part lasted maybe 2 minutes...those 2 minutes felt like 2 hours though. Worst pain ever! However, I have not spotted one bit since! I was really worried after reading multiple reviews saying that women spotted for weeks right after they had it put in..I guess I 'm not quite out of the woods yet but I 'm feeling great! I will say that the day I had the procedure I thought I was going to be able to go into work but the cramping was so bad for about 3 hours after the procedure I wasn 't able to do anything except lay on the couch with a heating pad! But ever since that cramping subsided I have been 100% normal. I hope this helps some of y 'all make the decision! :)
Works pretty well after using it for several years. Works best on a totally empty stomach. Have had a glass of wine after taking 3 mg and for some reason it doesn 't work as well for me. I wake up after only a couple of hours. All in all, I think it works great. I don 't have the memory loss that I sometimes experience with Ambien.
I am a 26 year old female.  I started Lexapro 10 mg a week ago.  I have experienced nausea, dry mouth, headaches and fatigue.  Rated it a 7 because I don 't think I have been taking it long enough to notice any huge differences.  I do feel maybe slightly more calm and a little less blushing.  Here 's hoping things get even better!
I have used a Z-Pak several times. I love that it helps clear up whatever bacteria is causing my illness. I don 't love each consecutive time that I take it, the side effects are more pronounced.
I was prescribed a 500mg 3x a day dosage for 10 days. I always have issues with antibiotics but this by far is the worst side effects I 've ever had! The metallic taste, diarrhea, headaches and overall feeling is horrible. I just completed day 5 and it was so bad that I wanted to stick my fingers down my throat and force myself to throw up! I also started to developed oral thrush! The medicine does seem to be working but I 'm not taking all 10 days.  I feel like I can barely make it to 7!!
On maximum dose with Keppra, and still having some break through seizures.  Still less then I was having before.  No side effects.  Had a full term pregnancy while on medication.  Baby is very healthy.
Mobic didn 't do anything for my pain from meniscus tears in both knees  but it did take my melon size swollen knees down to almost normal. Once I recover from surgery enough to not need to manage swelling, I will be happy to go back to pain killers till.
I use Fioricet on regular basis and most of the time it seems to help.
I 've had Skyla in for a little over a year now and although there is cramping that comes with it I would definitely recommend it! The insertion was really painful! I had to go back a second time because the first time it was unbearable. My OBGYN prescibed me some pain meds and a pill that widened my cervix so it would go in easier. That night I began to bleed a lot and have horrible cramps that lasted two days. After the first week I was completely fine, occasional cramping but I have always had really bad cramps. It has been effective and seems like the easiest most cost effiencient form of birth control!
I am 17 years old and Loestrin is the first birth control I have ever taken. I have gained a little weight, mostly in my breasts. Also got my period for a week and a half the first week I started on it. I have now been on it a month and a half and I have not gotten my period and worried I may be pregnant although I have taken multiple pregnancy tests that came back negative.
It worked great for my pneumonia but it caused my heart rate to go up, chest pain and anxiety. I would ask for a different one if you have heart issues or tachycardia.
I suffer from restless legs syndrome since 14 years ago and been taking Sinemet since. The only medication that works for me but only lasts for 2 to 3 hours then need to take again. For about nearly 2 years I came to realize that after eating food or drink contain msg/monosodiom glutamate - 621,627 which will contribute my suffering so if I eat less of this and will be less suffering. 
The birth control definitely works . However , in six months I gained 13 pounds while eating fairly clean and working out . So I went on a 3 week body cleanse and got a trainer - lost 10lbs. I went on a cruise and gained 10 pounds back within a week .  I still eat clean/workout and still the weight will not budge . I have horrible acne now . My skin was almost flawless before nexplanon . I just scheduled to have it removed next month . Me and my partner use protection , so I feel like this birth control with all the weight gain and acne is not worth it . Plus , my cycle used to be 4-6 days every month . Now my cycle comes when it wants : spots , comes on , spots some more . I 'm usually bleeding 2 weeks a month and I 'm at month 7.
I 'm still taking, on day 2 &amp; have already notice my symptoms for trichomoniasis clearing up. I opted to take the 2x day, 500 mg vs the megadose. So far, no side effects.
I have always had issues with irregular periods since my first period at 17 years old.  I summed it up to my body just being complicated.  When I turned 25 my periods started getting farther and farther apart.  I 'd have a 25 day cycle and then he next would be 90 days.  I ended up in the ER with two ruptured cysts and one the size of a baseball.  After years of feeling tired all the time and strange hairs on my breasts and random places I was finally diagnosed with PCOS.  I had also been trying to conceive for one year. My doctor started me on metformin 500mg once a day. Just 3 weeks later I conceived and 9 days after that I had a positive pregnancy test.  After a entire year of trying!!!  I feel so much better on this medicine.
Weird vivid dreams feels like I 'm paralyzed  and can 't move.I do feel rested though
It works good, you will feel the congestion breaking down. It does make you cough more to loosen up mucus and yes you probably will stay up a bit a night. I took the pill not liquid. Have to say I was surprised.
Overall I feel that this birth control does a great job. I 've been taking it for 3 years to regulate my period and prevent pregnancy with out any problems. I 've never experienced any of the sides effects, or at most they were on such a small scale that I didn 't notice them. The only thing I dislike is that I don 't usually start my period until 3-4 sugar pills in. I don 't know how common this is with other women, but that has been the case for me since I began taking it.
I been using these pills for 10 days now it 's really amazing.  I had tried many different before. None works. These pills works great. Sleep really good. Just worry maybe sleeping to much!! ):
Just starting taking this last night. Got a really bad back spasm the night before. Pain level was an 8 but became a 10 (couldn 't move) so went to the ER. They gave me a shot (pain reliever) and twp ills (one was a pain reliever &amp; the other a muscle relaxer. Can 't remember the names but ended up with a prescription for Methocarbamol 500 mg every 4 hours and also Tramadol (pain reliever). Between what they gave me at the ER and then the two prescriptions I took last night, it allowed me some relief and also a decent sleep. Taking them today and it 's 5:00 pm. Feeling much much better. pain level is down to a 3. On a side note, no one in the world can possibly imagine the pain of a real bad back spasm. wouldn 't wish it on my worse enemy.
I 've been taking Alesse 28 for just over a year and its dramatically changed my period, for the better. My flow used to be heavy and 7-10 days with EXTREME cramps! I am now down to 2-3 days with a light flow and manageable cramps. My cycle has always been on schedule so it didn 't change that aspect much. I should add I 'm 19 and this is the first and only birth control I 've tried and I think it works great.
I had a miscarriage and went to my OBGYN and he prescribed me LoLo. He didn 't tell me how or when to use it, so I tried to read up on it before I did. My MC started on august 2-11 and I got my ultrasound to check up on everything and they said I passed the baby so I started LoLo. I bled for a month but towards the end of the month (last week and a half) it started turning brown like old blood. I was taking the pill at exactly 9:30 everyday and when I started my new pack, I did good for two days then on my third day I was an hour late but still took it and the day after that, I took it six minutes earlier. But now I 'm on day 7, and I took the pill at 9:30 since day 5. I haven 't had any S/E but a couple days ago my back started to ache
A+++
Getting started on this medicine can be tricky.  It comes in doses from 75mg immediate release up to 300mg extended release. Due to the stimulant effect it has, you may need to ease into it! Everybody is different. I had to ease into it.For Major Depressive Disorder, it has worked great. I lost weight, my sex drive is through the roof (I 'm 54 and feel like a teenager in that respect). I have lots of energy, (sometimes, too much). It doesn 't help with my anxiety; I still need Klonopin now and then. It also gives me insomnia, again, the Klonopin helps there. And as other have said, it doesn 't &quot;build up&quot; in your system so you don 't get the withdrawal SSRI 's/SNRI 's.
I 've had a child via C-section. So I found out the day of my appointment the doctor is not comfortable placing IUDs in women who haven 't given birth. Any how it was resolved &amp; another doctor placed it that day. I took ibuprofen before, I was REALLY scared. I had Mirena before and the doctor had trouble getting it in and I had trouble with the hormones, so this is my only option left. The doctor was great and she finished within 10 minutes, I felt 2 cramps, and I was fine after I left. I rested the rest of that day and I haven 't needed any pain medicine since the day I got it placed. I 'm just so shocked and I feel like there 's nothing in me. I have minimal bleeding to my surprise. Have to get an ultrasound to check it and a check up in a month. So far so good!
So I received the Skyla around Feb 3 2015. It hasn 't been that long but it is very relieving knowing its pretty impossible to have a child right now. The insertion was EXTREMELY painful. May have been worth it for that time but I won 't be doing it again.I have tattoos and a high pain tolerance and it was horribly painful. It felt like someone was scraping my cervix with a knife. Anyways , everything seemed good. I started off with some spotting here and there but it was so little that it didn 't bother me. Now this last period is never ending. Like I said it hasn 't been months or anything of straight bleeding, but I can tell that something isn 't right. Skyla is new, so do your research.
I used to have canker sore pain for two weeks that was so bad I could not talk or eat without constant pain.  Now, as soon as I feel a sore or more that hurts a lot, I start my treatment of 1 pill per day for 5 days and the pain is reduced to a very tolerable amount.  The pain goes away in a few days altogether.  I only use the pills for the very painful outbreaks. Some sores don 't warrant the need to risk unneccessary medicine.  I know when it is time to start medicating when the pain consumes.
I have an 8 yr old son who has ADHD. He has tried several medications including Adderall and Vyvanse. Nothing has worked as well as Strattera for him. He 's a new kid. So much happier. He used to have severe mood swings with the Vyvanse, although it did control his ADHD fairly well for about 5-6 hrs after he took it. Strattera has been a big help regaining some normalcy in his life. He is only on 10 mg daily for the last 3-4 weeks but it has made a very noticeable difference. I have not seen any negative side effects from it, and he is actually eating on it. Thank you Strattera.
Take your meds - they work
At the smallest dose (I believe 25 mg) I didnt have any blackouts like I did with ambien and I could easily fall asleep. I liked this drug because it didn 't give me dry mouth, I could wake up when I had to and not feel hungover the next day
Works like a charm, but keep the tissue handy...no pun intended! I was having severe abdominal cramping &amp; almost went to the ER. The pain would subside, then go away but on Day 10 I couldn 't take it anymore even though I was still having BM 's. The doc ordered this, along w/ a powder &amp; some meds to help w/ the muscle spasms (sharp, shooting pain from mid gut to my ass). I took them at 3:15 on the dot (all 3 at the same time) &amp; by 3:30-3:35 I had my first poop. It doesn 't give you immediate release but after your 3rd or 4th poop the pressure subsides. You may wanna take a sick day after you take this stuff, LOTS of water to prevent dehydration, Netflix subscription &amp; plenty of TP. Happy Pooping Y 'all!!!
This medication has significantly reduced my anxiety. I am currently on 50 mg and I am able to sleep longer without mid night interruptions. Before Seroquel I took 10 mg of Abilify (bad lethargy and restlessness). Life doesn 't seem so scary to me anymore.
I have been using Spiriva since 2005 with good results. You can prevent breaking off little pieces of the capsule by applying firm steady pressure on the trigger rather than jerking it.
I have been on this birth control regularly for almost a year now. I am very sensitive to the hormones and experienced extreme sickness I mean to the point I was throwing up every morning and on the verge of passing out no matter what I tried to prevent it. I learned that taking it in the morning solved this problem. Negative side affects are that I have a huge appetite (thankfully a high metabolism) constant headaches, worse PMS, no motivation, tiredness, irrational mood swings, and last week I noticed breakthrough bleeding and cramps halfway through the pack. But all in all my periods are short and I 'm not pregnant yet! Remember every woman is different.
My depression is weird, mostly due to tapering off of and recovering from benzodiazepine dependency. I have awful anhedonia and have been watching my life crumble in slow motion over the past year. I know I needed to do something. The Paxil is a stopgap solution but so far I 'm starting to climb my way out. I can 't really attest to side effects. The worst I guess is a dry mouth and fuzzy thinking, but honestly, I 've been depressed for so long, I can 't say my thinking has been that great to begin with. I was afraid it would lower my libido and I 'd have anorgasmia, but so far no.My logic is thusly, I may end up losing my job because of &quot;personal problems&quot;. Won 't it be nice if I can actually handle such an eventuality instead of giving up?
When I take my dose it makes me more sleepy than usual. It 's not everyday, but some days I can be sleepy after 7-9 hours when I have slept enough (approx. 7-8 hours). That 's the only side effect I had up to now. So I am ok with it, I guess. Annoying with two tablets 500 mg each day, but oh well better than seizures. That 's even worse. Those who had them can feel with me. :)
Have been backed up for a few weeks. Doctor prescribed taking 2 of these 2x a day along with taking MiraLax 2x a day. I took both, THEN started reading reviews. I think I 'm going to die, but if I live I will write another review. Terrified based on these reviews condsidering I took 2 + another laxative.Update: Took 2 pink pills at 8:00pm. Didn 't feel anything until 9:00 - Went about every 45 minutes or so from 9:00 until midnight At midnight I started having cramping and slight heart palpations. Nothing too bad but freaked me out and couldn 't fall asleep. Shaking and cold. From what I 've read it gets bad after 6 hours so still 2 hours to go...
It workswhile its in your system.  Works fast...but it makes my hands shake bad.  My heart raceses too.  Hard to get use to, but slows the contractions to nothing.
Best way to discribe my situation.Type &quot;A&quot;  Driver person. married after 6 years. in 34 year career. 5 mg Lexapro 1st 7 days.  Took at bedtime. ... Woke in AM Very,Very Groggy,hung over, very hung over.After 3rd day.. got up 60 minutes early to walk, my daliy routine.1.5 miles to get this out of my system.Coffee, lots of Black Coffer 20 ozminimumVERY ,VERY  VIVID TECHNOCOLOR . . Anti- Orgasmic --/ with the use of &quot;&quot; Viagra - 15 -20 mg &quot;&quot;25-30  minutes prior to sexualactivity  ..I am in my 60 's in great cardio fitness . &quot; not bragging, I last  45 minutes,&quot; The Anti - Orgasmic effect,&quot;Means, The Male can go for a very long time..... Pleasing your partner ... over and over.*
Today is my second day and I feel okay.  I am in transition from Celexa to Wellbutrin XL.  I take Wellbutrin XL 150mg in the morning and Celexa 10mg in the evening.  The only main noticeable side effects are I am a little anxious and I have stomach cramps.  They are not terrible though.  I expect to have some transition period.  I know it sounds crazy but I lost 1 pound in the 1st day I took it. Celexa put 10 -15 lbs on me that I cannot take off even with exercise.  I will keep you updated!
First off. Side effects.... Brain zaps. Pounding heart, foggy feeling. First 3 weeks I felt the need for a lot less Ativan. The worry stopped and blood pressure came down . I 'm on 5mg per day. Around week 5 I started to notice my blood pressure going back up. Acid reflux and a little nausea. Pounding heart back. I don 't want to give up on buspar because I was so happy to lose the everyday worry. On week 7 now. Still at 5mg. Thinking about doing 5mg twice a day. There is no magic pill, but this was close.
Been on this medicine for more than ten years. The 8/10 is for it is due to its overall minor side effects over time, and its very powerful effects when not taken CONSISTENTLY. BE ADVISED. This medication works best when taken at the exact time(s) everyday and I have experienced all other symptoms people have described as bothersome but this is not the typical take it to be a walking zombie pill. I also don 't think people realize how much they are moving when manic and when on this medication, you calm down. So it 's completely natural to want to sit around all day and watch T.V. I also have gained weight and have difficulty shedding the pounds, however I would rather be SANE and curvy. I weighed 130lbs starting, NOW am 178lbs.
There no material in side effects list that you may have a hard time with Novocaine.  My dentist spent hours trying to figure out why he could not get me numb before he made the connection.  Be forewarned that this is a potential problem.  This drug all in all has improved the quality of my life drastically. 7 years and topped at 90 mg. I hit tolerance a long time ago, but it still does what it was designed to do.  I am not looking for a high,  I am looking for a life with alertness and this medicine has given me that. I personally trust this older proven medication. 
I have been on Brintellix for a year now and this drug has definitely had a positive impact on my quality of life. The profound sadness that was my unwelcome partner for many years has for the most part dissipated. On most days, my mood is good, but the strange thing is that even though my mood is not depressed, I have little motivation to do activities that would bring me pleasure. I very rarely engage in hobbies, watch TV, read books, listen to audio books, or exercise, so I have a lot of free time in which I do nothing. Amazingly, my mood still remains relatively stable. But it is a frustrating mindset and so I 'm going to ask my psychiatrist to lower the Brintellix or adjust one of my four other psychotropic meds I also take daily.
I 'm so tired of being an addict. ..or dependant our whatever you wanna call it. I 've been on old school Oxy 80s for over 3 years now. You know the old incredible apos, just push and they powder like icing sugar. Started slow just crushing/snorting quarters of an 80 at a time. I was getting 240/m (for free) we were making money,  we were so high and happy. That is I had become very very sick but I had no idea because the oxy what masking all my symptoms. I was up to 6-10 80s/day.  I went into hospital here in Canada, where I went through 47 days of unimaginable  pain to the point I prayed for death.  As it turned out, oxy was just covering up seriously ailments, including a BRAIN TUMOR!  Clonodine is the only med that helped withdrawals
I have focal dystonia as well as 2 failed back surgerys on my cervical spine that left me with nerve damage at the root level. I have been having very painful &amp; disruptive muscle cramping in both arms &amp; feet even in my sleep. My pain management team suggested Baclofen so started me on a course of 10mg 3x daily. So far I 'm experiencing sleepiness, balance issues, memory issues, and other neurological problems but no painful spasms. It is my hope that as with other medications the side effects should decrease over time.
I took Diflucan at the same time I was taking Metformin for high blood sugar. I had terrible side effects. Among them redness and burning in my face, terrible joint pains specially in my knees, vomiting, diarrhea and upset stomach.
I 've been on Junel for close to 5 years. It did the job of preventing pregnancies. It didn 't do much to clear up my acne. I had crazy breakouts on my forehead the first year of taking it but my body has gotten used to the hormones so I 'll only get a few zits right before my period. The curious thing about this BC for me is that my period will skip to every other month. I won 't get it one month, but the next month, I 'll have a really heavy flow. No significant weight gain or mood swings on this pill. The only thing I despise is that it has made me incredibly dry down there and decreased my sex drive. Overall it 's an alright pill and I don 't hate it. Unfortunately, I have to switch to a new pill since my insurance no longer covers it.
I just started taking buspar and at first I was scared because I hate bad side effects and don 't like to take pills at all so I finally took my pill 10mg I felt good at first then came the side effects lightheaded sweating and dizziness but after 20 to 30 mins later it was over. I felt fine went out to socialize and I couldn 't believe it, didn 't have a panic attack or anxiety attack they work for me.
I have been on 50mg Zoloft for about six month, I do find that my symptoms have improved some but my memory is awful.  I cannot remember a lot of important things and after doing some internet research, I found that several similar experiences.  Anyone have memory loss?
I have had restless legs syndrome for over a decade varying from mild, moderate to quite severe at times. After being prescribed Prozac I found that it helped the depression but made the restless legs syndrome worse.  After falling and cracking my ribs I was prescribed 100mg Tramadol twice daily. It was excellent for pain relief, RLS completely disappeared and I got a good night 's sleep. I stopped the Tramadol after 2 weeks and experienced flu like withdrawal symptoms and RLS returned with a vengeance. Internet info is that Prozac can affect restless legs syndrome and taken with Tramadol can cause serotonin syndrome. I contacted doctor and requested lower dose Tramadol to wean myself off. I am still taking  one 50mg at 4pm, any later and the RLS kicks in and is harder to control.
I have been taking for about 7 years. Started at 10mg 2xs a day plus 7.5 mg Vicodin 3xs a day. Now taking 30mg 2xs a day and 7.5 mg Norco 3 to 4xs a day. Before they changed the formula, it worked a lot better. It does give pain relief but it doesn 't last 12 hrs, like they claim. I have herniated disc in back also AVN in hips. Just had left hip totally replaced now I need right hip replaced before they will do surgery on my back.
I started taking contrave 4 weeks ago. I have lost 6 lbs. I have had no side effects from this drug. It definitely works to curb hunger and craving. I eat to live and not live  to eat.  I tried Belvique and Qysemia and they both were a waste of money and time. This drug is the only one that 's curbs hunger and cravings without any side effects. I will continue to take it till I reach my goal. I 'd recommend this drug highly
I use terbutaline inhaler under the brand of Bricanyl Turbuhaler for asthma attacks and tight chests. I get slightly more side effects from terbutaline compared to salbutamol (albuterol) but it is also more effective. Because I only use terbutaline for acute attacks/short term relief, I don 't mind the side effects - but if I was on it permanently as a maintenance drug I might have a different opinion. I would recommend terbutaline because it is effective but only use for acute attack.
I 'm 26 and had it inserted in Nov last year. The procedure was not painful but afterwards I had some cramping, but nothing I couldn 't deal with. The first 6 weeks I had constant spotting and swelling. It got to a point where I had to go and get a sonar done, to find out whether it has moved (I went for a few jogs afterwards). Well it didn 't move at all. My husband does not even realize that I have it in. But my weight has been my biggest issue. I gained weight and I have been exercising more and eating healthier and my weight does not decrease. Whether it is the Mirena or maybe something else, I cannot be sure. But it started after the Mirena was inserted. My mood swings are so much better and I just decided to even exercise harder.
I 'v been taking Paxil for almost a year now for depression and anxiety.  I used to have panic attacks almost everyday.  After being on Paxil for a few months I stopped having any panic attacks.  The only problem I have is that I sleep too much and seem to have gained some weight.  If I forget to take my medication I start crying a lot.  Overall I feel normal while taking Paxil.  I still cry and feel sad sometime but not in excess.
I have had the Mirena since October 2008, 8 weeks after giving birth to my son.  The insertion was not painful at all.  I did experience a lot of hair loss and over time, my sex drive diminished.  I had light bleeding afterwards, but have only had maybe 2 cycles since insertion that may have lasted 2 days each.  I 'm getting ready to have my Mirena removed for 2 reasons. One to get back to normal because I have been very moody and depressed since I 've had it.  Two, my husband and I plan on having another baby within the next two years.  I enjoy not having to keep up with taking pills (which all make me sick) and having to used condoms with my husband, but this just isn 't for me.  After the next baby, I will be getting my tubes tied!
I had pretty bad acne and tried many topical creams with very little relief. Solodyn really helped with my acne pretty quick. But what I noticed is that, if I missed a single daily dose, I would start to get really deep acne within 24 hours. It was frustrating because when I was getting low on a prescription, I had to make sure and go to my dermatologist immediately. It also dried my skin out quite a bit. My advice to anyone considering it; 1) make to be very consistent with when you take it, 2) start decreasing your dose as soon as you start seeing some improvement (break pills in half but still take daily, then 1/3 daily, etc.), 3) drink lots of water and use face lotion to hydrate your skin, because it really dries it out.
Carafate worked miracles. I wasnt able to eat much while on it but it did stop the pain from my Ulcer.  I didn 't realize it but it did make me constipated and I was really gassy which in turn caused pain but I would rather have gassy pain then the pain from the ulcer.
The bystolic did lower my b/p but I have had a 30 lb weight gain that has been deemed &quot;metabolic syndrome&quot; by my physician. He did a complete blood panel. My HDL is lower than it has been in 15 years, I have no thyroid problems. According to him the only thing it could be is the medication has slowed my heart rate 20 beats at resting. I walk  nearly 2 miles everyday up and down hill on the family farm I can barely get a 120 heart rate. My legs and butt look great my upper abdominal and thoracic area has increased by 10 inches. I had never  had fat in the thoracic area until I started this medication. Upon reading the hypoglycemic side effect and the warning about multiple severe allergy &quot;anaphylaxis&quot; treatment I don 't know why my MD recommended it.
Had Liletta inserted mid November 2016.The doctor did her best to make me comfortable and walk me thru the process. First, came the cold clamps that open your cervix. Then, the doctor inserted something to measure my cervix to make sure the device would fit properly. This was a pinching pain coming from deep inside me. After this came insertion. The insertion felt like a combination of pinching, pushing, and pulling all at once. I cramped, badly, after. I had some spotting for 4 days following. I 've had a regular period monthly since then. I have been spotting again recently, which has lasted over a week. No pregnancy though, and my acne has stayed about the same as with the pill. Hoping my period stops soon as well. So far I am happy.
Only side effect is dry mouth so far. Just starting on 2.4 dose this week
Valium has helped my spasms in my back better than any other muscle relaxers. I have been taken it 10+ years and after that long of use I really never get the sedation that I did when I started taking it. I take 10mg 3 times daily and have not found anything yet that works well for me.
I have been taking Tecfidera for approximately one year and have had no flushing but it seemed to have taken fix months to begin its anti-inflammatory effect.
I 'm 22 years old, and I was recently diagnosed with ADHD. I didn 't originally want to take meds to help manage it because I was unaware that there were non-stimulant options available to treat ADHD. It 's helped me focus a little bit more and slowed things down for me, so I can handle situations a little bit better. Aside from the cotton mouth, the worst things are the nausea and the slight sleeplessness. I can 't seem to sleep through the night anymore. The nausea is mostly just inconvenient, since I can 't seem to eat as much as I was, though I 'm always hungry, and drinking alcohol while taking them is hit and miss, since sometimes, I can drink for hours and other times it 's 2 drinks and I feel like I 'm going to puke.
Hi all, im 4 weeks into an 8 week course of harvoni only side effect was one night of insomnia followed by the ocassional light headache, amazingly my scalp condition which was very itchy any quite painfull at times began to clear within days, i was told along time ago it was a sideffect of the virus which is geno 1 A, im 52yr male i go the gym every other day snd life has resumed as normal, looking forward to bloods results next week. I will be back with info asap...cant express my thanks enough for the help and people who made it possible.
I have a lot of bloating when taking this drug for pain.
I started this pill about two years ago because the previous one I was on made me extremely nauseous. This one does not, it also makes my periods regular, but sometimes they can be heavy - other times almost non-existent. I started researching this pill because I have gained a lot of weight which I can 't seem to lose. I have swelling especially in my lower leg, ankles, bloating and definite increase in breast size (unwelcomed). I was taking another drug around the same time that could very well be the cause of the weight gain, but I 've been off of it for over a year and still have not been able to lose the weight. I 've also experienced vaginitis, which I 've never had problems with before. Doctors don 't seem too concerned.
I have been on tyvaso  for a little over a year now and like one of the users said 9 breathes was to much for me. I stay somewhere between 5 to 7 breathes and it dose wonders for me. However I can 't always find the time to get to the treatment 4 times per day..  I also take adcira and letirius. among the thee pulmonary hypertension( PH) meds I think that the tyvaso has the ability to be the best of them. I just wish I could focus enough everyday to take 4 pr day . Anyone knows anything helpful please comment. yall have a good day and good luck to all with your PH......
It started out good as all of them have for me than ended up going terribly bad.6 to 8 weeks in I get a stomach flu.I run fever, vomit, have excessive diarrhea,random colon attacks and all of my insides are sore.My fevers can last up to 4 days only being able to keep water on my stomach if I 'm lucky.
So I 'm 30 , I took two tablets for constipation with dinner and water and went to bed around 9 pm. I woke at 1 am in horrific pain ... These were the regular little orange tablets . Never again next time I 'll stick with milk of mag or something that specifically says cramp free .
I had my nexplanon removed after 2 years. It worked amazingly and I didn 't get pregnant. However, I 've gained 30 pounds and that 's why I removed it before the time. When I first got it, I was spotting a lot and then my period was abnormal. I could go 4 months without it but then I would get it again. The period irregularlity didn 't bother me but the weight gain made me depressed. I go to the gym and don 't eat too horrible. I 'd never gone over my usual weight of 160 but now I 'm at 200. I gained 10 pounds within the first year and the other 20 this past year. It was definitely worth it because I didn 't want to risk getting pregnant but I 'm at my weight limit. It 's not worth me feeling this way. &amp; I got my period 4 days after the removal!
Was having a bad dysphoric Mixed state. Was having racing thoughts that were highly illogical. I couldn 't stand myself. After 2 to 3 days on the drug I started feeling better and had the best sleep I 'd had in years. So far I highly recommend.
I have to take antibiotics frequently, so I get YIs periodically. I 've always taken diflucan orally or used Monistat 7. I inserted the first dose of M3 last night before bed. I realized about 2 minutes later that I had to pee. After I did, it hit! The burning and itching was so intense that I had to walk around a minute to get myself together. I laid in bed writhing in pure misery from the stinging &amp; intense itching. Burning was bearable, but the itching just about did me in. I finally took my panties off &amp; kept my legs separated so the heat wouldn 't activate the yeast, as if it wasn 't already activated. I was desperate! Took 2 hours to go to sleep, but laughing hysterically at the other reviews sure made the itching more bearable!
Lexapro works good for me.  Started on 10mg for a couple of years then needed to up dose to 20mg a day and has been working great for 6 years. I recently took myself off the medication for about three weeks because I have gained weight and wanted to loss some but I quickly asked my doctor to give it back. I will live with the weight and work harder to loss it.
Ladies, I read some comments on here I wanted to respond to. If you 've been taking the diflucan pill more than once and you 're still experiencing pain and discomfort you might actually have bacterial vaginosis The symptoms are very similar and sometimes yeast infection medicine can cause this. You will need a different prescription to clear this up. Just a thought to consider if your symptoms are not clearing up. Think about making a visit to the doctor to find out.
Have become an Oxycontin addict, snorting daily to the tune of about 50-100mg every day for about 2 years. Without methadone my physical withdrawals start with sweats/fever first, then the muscle spasms/restlessness, aching everything and inability to sleep joining, then the nausea/loss of appetite following close by.  There is no peak once you 've started the game, it 's always maximum bad until the end. One symptom is relieved due to time, and another quickly replaces it. 5mg of Methadone every 8 hours nullifies all physical withdrawal problems for me except: hot flashes/inability to regulate body temperature, and total loss of appetite. 
Abilify has improved my negative and cognitive symptoms on dose of 25 mg after 3 weeks being on it.
I am 18 now and I was 5 when I had started having symptoms of crohn 's disease and finally after 8 months of suffering they finally tested me and diagnosed me. I 'm going to make this short, crohn 's has been hell for me. I was finally put on remicaid, It put me in remission for three years until I started to have a reaction to the medication and I was diagnosed with drug induced lupus. A couple months ago I was admitted into the hospital and later was put on humira, a little skeptical but I had no choice. I can tell it has helped but it does cause major hair loss in some patients as I am dealing with right now. My hair has never been in the best condition because of the medication but so far the medication has really improved my health!
I was on 60mg of Cymbalta for a year or more.  Did not want to be on antidepressants all my life so I weaned off it 2 months ago.  My fibromyalgia pains have returned with a vengeance, more than before.  I am going back to Cymbalta as I want to have some quality of life.  I feel debilitated at the moment.  Have been taking this tablet in the morning but after reading the reviews on this forum I will change to night.
I 'm 25 years old and was diagnosed with ADD when I was about 8 years old and also have a processing problem as well. This is the 2nd day I am on it and on 20mg (lowest dose). It takes a little while to kick in but when it does I do get a little jittery (which is a side effect); which only lasts a few minutes.  I concentrate so much better with my online courses. when I was first diagnosed with ADD I was put on a medication that my mother said I wasn 't the same person anymore and since then I was never medicated and struggled with the simplest things and also became depressed. If you have been diagnosed with ADHD/ADD I do suggest this for you and helps; with this med you aren 't a zombie or foggy.
The insertion didn 't hurt much. My doctor was very gentle and explained the entire process as it was happening. I just felt minor pressure and the most pain I felt was towards the end. Every so often I do get a sharp pain but it lasts no more than a minute and it feels like a bad cramp. My period have been getting lighter (I was already irregular to start with but when I did get my period, it would be heavy). My skin has also cleared from acne. I 'm barely breaking out, although I broke out a little more when I first got it inserted. Overall I 'm glad I got it, that way I don 't have to worry about taking a daily pill. However, I 've gained 15 lbs!!!!!! I literally gained them within a month.
My Son was diagnosed with ADHD when he was 4 years old he Is now 7 before finding Focalin his doctor started him on Ritalin he was only on it for 3 days because it made him zombified and depressive with many mood swings then he started Vyvanse for a few weeks but it gave him some kind of allergic reaction in his throat.  Finally  he was put on Focalin 10ml and for the last 3 years it has been doing him great. He does awesome in school and also at home he can focus and he is happy. The only bad part is he has absolutely no appetite from 10 min after he takes the pill- 6hrs later. He  drinks cyproheptad syrup 2mg to help boost his appetite while on the Focalin.
Cress, I am also over 40 years of age and African American with adult acne, and I couldn 't find a regimen for my recurring acne problems/breakouts. I was prescribed Solodyn a couple weeks ago, and so far I like the results. I haven 't noticed any darkening to my skin, however I will post again within 2-3 months to inform if I noticed any discoloration to my skin. I 'm using Elta MD Broad Spectrum SPF 40 as part of my skin regimen, as advised by my dermatologist. I am not often too exposed to the sun, however the little amount of time I am exposed to the sun, the sunscreen comes in handy.
I have been on this medication for two days and I have had a significant improvement in obsessive thoughts and my anxiety. I had insomnia last night, but I heard that subsides. I have tons of energy and want to go do things I had lost interest in doing. I don 't know if this is just going to be in the beginning, but I have read it only gets better. I have a little nausea, but I have stomach problems as well so I 'm used to it. I will put an update later on. I am going to stick this out!update: two weeks on zoloft and my OCD going insane. going to up to 50mg tomorrow. will update.
Wow! From what I have been reading,  there has been a lot of problems/set backs with this method of birth control.  Now I have not had it very long,  almost 3 months.. So far..  so great!  no period whatsoever! I 'm not sexually active atm.. But no problems with pain, bleeding, or sex drive. Minor discharge.  I 'm concerned with weight gain.. But I think it 's for the best to stop eating unhealthy like I have been and committing to at least sit-ups!! xDPeople probably won 't find it as funny.. But lack in sex drive is probably the most affective BC.  Hahahahahah! No but that 's no fun to those with those problems.    I am breaking out in my chest and back but washing my body with natural homemade  scrub has worked wonders!
After reading most of the other reviews I wonder if I am on proper med.  I have been taking since 12/24/16.  Within 2 days my b/p was very close to normal.  I do have slight headache, mild confusion and some dizziness.  However, headaches were worse before taking this drug and also suffered from other side effects prior to taking it.  I feel the benefits outweigh the adverse effects.  Thank you.
Taste awful.. taste like a over salted glass of water with a hint of lemon. Could not get it down in the hour it took almost 2 hours to get the first liter down. Easier to drink when cold (but still REALLY hard to get down). Worked really well for me, didn 't stay to far from the bathroom. Very expensive though.
Adipex took away my hunger and cravings completely the first couple days, but it did take some getting used to. The first day I was very groggy &amp; confused, but it got better. Here are the side effects I experienced:Hair lossDry eyes &amp; mouthConstipation Jitters &amp; tremorsInsomniaForgetfulness Irritation/AggitationHigh BPPros:Lost 40 lbsTons of energyTook away my headaches. I had frequent headaches before this med. Adipex took them away like a miracle.After 3 mos, it stopped working as far as a hunger reducer &amp; cravings came back. Still had tons of energy &amp; no headaches. Doc kept me on, but started getting high BP. Decided to wean myself off. Now getting headaches &amp; low energy. My weight also started to plateau the last few wks.
I 've been pleasantly surprised. Been taking about 4 weeks. Still light up a couple a day but they taste so bad that I soon put them out. I 've had some nausea and unpleasant taste in my mouth, also some pretty vivid dreams.  But I seem to have more energy. Have also experienced the difficulty with concentration.  But for the first time ever I really think I 'm going to stop completely!  I thought it was all an addiction to nicotine but I 've realized now how many of the cigarettes I smoked were mere habit.....or to try to relieve stress.
The first day I took Embeda, I had no relief and was  badly in pain. But the second day, I woke up and felt great. It has really helped my pain. I 've been taking IR meds most of my life, leaving me waking up in the middle of the night in huge pain - since Embeda that 's gone away! I feel good, lot less pain, and am very impressed! Only downside - constipation and face redness. Otherwise it 's great! And I 'm only taking 40mgs with 4 Norco for rescue meds
I 've suffered from major depression for 20 years and I 've been on everything including ENT. Started 10mg of this Tuesday and it 's now day 7. No side effects what so ever. Today for the first time in years I feel the darkness of my life is lifting. I can 't wait to see what the next few weeks on this medicine will do. I 'm hoping I 'll be energetic again and want to do all the things I 've stopped doing and loving life again. Will review again in few weeks. I have high hopes keeping my fingers crossed.
I 've been on the ring for almost two years, and I am ready to switch! It works great for the whole &quot;not getting pregnant&quot; thing, but my acne is the worst it 's ever been, and my migraines are hell. They 're predictable at least. I 've been getting them due to estrogen withdrawal, so they occur within days (recently only 1 day) after I take the ring out, and last 3 days, but they 've been getting worse and worse every single month. I can 't do this anymore. Anything is better than waking up hourly to dry heave while in severe pain (my most recent, and worst episode to date). I do recommend it, but not for longer than a year.
Getting it put in was super easy and painless although I was sore for a few days after. It 's super convenient since now I don 't have to remember to take the pill. At first I experience a bigger appetite and a bit of weight gain but after a few weeks that stopped. I would say it does cause a good bit of mood swings. I got my period the first month but since then I haven 't at all. All in all the good outweighs the bad.
I 'm hoping my posts will help others who are on the fence about antidepressants. My story - in short - is anxiety has plagued me since my teens, depression joined the parade in my late teens/early 20 's. I have tried several medications over the years and because they either made me flat or sick I didn 't stick with them. Recently decided Prozac would be my last attempt.I started taking 20 mg every morning 2 weeks ago. I have had very little in the way of side effects. Some mind shakiness in the morning, little bit of difficulty falling asleep, mild fatigue, and dampened appetite. The benefits - to this point - are - surprising. I am much calmer, the anxiety is 80% gone, the depression is still present but not like 2 weeks ago and before. It 's dissipating for sure. Life doesn 't look so &quot;all or nothing&quot; which is a nice change.My spouse said my &quot;fidgets&quot; are gone. I was almost constantly moving in some form or another.I know some people think the medication reaction is &quot;all in ones head&quot; but since my problems ARE all in my head - I don 't care if it 's the medication, me thinking it is or a combination. All I can say is, for the first time in a very, very long time I am able to run errands, be more social and have actually gotten a full time job in the past 2 weeks. I am able to better care for myself now thus able to care better for my spouse.I have no plans to stop the Prozac. With 20 mg/once a day being a low dose and with it helping to this point, I 'm going to roll with this as long as I can.
I am taking 1mg 4x daily. I have had some deaths in my family and have been more anxious. Should my dose be increased?
I have over active bladder and uncontrolable go!  I bought Oxytrol over the counter two days after it became available without a prescription.  It works so great immediately and is just amazing!  A real miracle!  They do have to do something to improve the patch.  I move it around to avoid the red irritation.  It doesn 't stay on well.  It 's too crinkley and doesn 't stick well.   It comes loose when I bend, when my clothes rub, and in the shower.  It needs to be softer like a blister band-aid or even plain old band-aid; a more rubber or fabric type patch.  I love it but it feels like a waste of money when it won 't stay on.   I would give it a 10  if it was softer and stayed on!
So, I wanted to review this drug because I 've been on five antibiotic treatments within the last month and a half for the craziest UTI I 've ever experienced in my life. Landed in the ER for fevers and pain and worst was the mental confusion.... Anyways, during  this time I 've been on IV antibiotics, Z pak as well as  Keflex, which gave me horrible anxiety and extreme photo sensitivity. When I tried levaquin, it sent me to the ER. Then finally bactrim DS was prescribed. After taking it the first night I did have some trouble sleeping but after two doses of the medication I did adjust. I have been taking probiotics with these meds. It 's helped overall. Side effects I noted vivid dreams, fatigue, and constipation were the main three.
Worked really well considering it 's not an opiate.
I feel better in general, however there are times I feel awful, and when my BP was tested during one of those times it was lower than without meds, but still too high 140/90. However without meds, I feel awful all the time. Side effects include leg cramps, calf twitching, and excessive urination. Cramps are semi-relieved by staying hydrated. Tiredness and dizziness stopped after the first couple days. I am on the lowest dose, I suspect my doctor will increase it a bit.
When I first got Paragard my periods were very heavy for the first 9 months and they lasted 9 days! Now, I 've had my birthcontrol for 1 year and 2 months and my periods last 5-6 days and are moderate! Also, I had mild cramping in the beginning and now I have no cramping at all! :DI LOVE PARAGARD. The only birthcontrol that works for me and HORMONE-FREE!
I have been on this pill for almost a year now. It does its job in that I have not gotten pregnant and it does give me a regular period (when I 'm not on birth control, I rarely get periods). However, I have pretty much no sex drive whatsoever and am very dry. This is quite troublesome, and I will be looking for a new pill soon.
I started the shot in 8th grade, before high school. I 'm now 17, a junior and considering a different method. I was 121 pounds for a few years before I started. Now I 'm 180 and still climbing. The hormones make me feel hungry all the time. Joining a fitness club for a year did not help either. I feel moody often and sad. It did a great job of protecting me and preventing pregnancy. I barely have a period and when it does come, it seems to be off and on for about 2 weeks. For anyone considering this, just be careful of what you eat and make sure your already exercising. Don 't listen to your brain telling you that your hungry, listen to your stomach.
Ok so I 'm 18 I 'm have been taking these for a little under a year and it keeps you very attentive  specially because I have school and after school  activities along with homework.  It does help you focus although it suppresses my appetite a little too much I try to force myself to eat but it  seems like I can 't. I have a loss about 25 pounds and went from a size 8 to a 4 in jeans because of this medication. I don 't know if anyone else experienced this but it won 't allow me to keep food or fluids in my system I continue to run to the bathroom all night and all day sometimes even at four in the morning. But for the most part it 's a good product for what it 's used for.
Mirena is an exceptional form of birth control I 've had it since July 2010. I still suffer from side effects I have uncontrollable mood swings. I go in and out of depression. I have two periods a month now, one of them is light the other can be moderate to pretty heavy. The day of my insertion I started cramping so bad I was nauseated but was fine the next day about the only thing that has gotten better is that I don 't have menstrual cramps any longer I have experienced weight gain and fluctuation but I 've always struggled with my weight so I don 't solely blame that on Mirena, as well as my acne its hasn 't improved or gotten worse but Mirena is my preferred method of birth control, it works and I couldn 't do the pill or the shot.
Y 'all are all such babies to be adults I mean really. The side effects suck but when it comes to actually doing what its prescribed it does a great job. Suck it up people.
I have suffered from anxiety problems my whole life, but it was easily managed until I turned 23 (2.5 years ago) when it blew up and every month got much worse. In Dec 2012, I was diagnosed with severe generalized anxiety disorder, moderate panic disorder, and moderate agoraphobia. I also have Irritable Bowel Syndrome-D, and combined with anxiety, I always had to be near a bathroom - any time I left the house I had diarrhea. Couldn 't go shopping alone, do drive throughs, etc. Started this and almost immediately felt a bit better, minimal side effects (insomnia/headache 1st 3 days, itchy armpits 1st week) and it has taken the edge off lots. Have done many things I couldn 't. No weight gain so far, very happy. Only big anxiety triggers bother me a bit, and Imodium use decreased LOTS! No mental fog!
For the last several months I was having what You call &quot;Blushing Attacks&quot;? at work. Uncontrollable intense blushing when I had to socialise with several people at one time. However, after my Doctor prescribed this drug to Me, I took 10 mg today before My shift and just like that there was nothing. I felt nervous sometimes but My body just remained in total control with no sweating or embarrassing red face. I would have taken 15 mg 's on further thought, but it basically did the trick. I didn 't really feel drowsy or anything just way more rational in thought and more or less laid back, and less stressed at the end of My shift.
I was nervous to get Mirena after reading reviews, but my doc strongly encouraged for medical reasons. About 3.5 months ago I got the IUD inserted. While I survived, I 'm still haunted by how painful it was. There was a slight complication (apparently my uterus was tilted so the 1st attempt at insertion failed &amp; she had to give me a numbing shot IN THE VAG &amp; adjust my uterus) the 2nd attempt succeeded but the cramps were so intense. Cramps lasted 2 days &amp; I bled for 2 weeks straight. After that my period came normal but lasted a couple days extra. My last period was slightly lighter than usual so I 'm hoping it drops off soon. So far it 's been worth the pain bc periods are more bearable, it 's super effective &amp; nice to not worry about a pill
Let me first agree with all the comments that it doesn 't taste good. But it is much better for me than my previous experience with Golitely which did not. Be sure to chill everything thoroughly before starting...I used a very long drink straw and put it to the upper rear of my mouth so it mostly went past my tongue and it isn 't too bad that way with a Gatorade green apple chaser.  I had much less cramping and appears to have done the intended job well. Just be near the toilet and tell your family to not get in the way.
Started taking 10mg then up to 25 for severe long term migraines/ headaches. Meds work well, am considering lowering dosages and getting off medicines all together to start family now though.
Bactrim takes about a week before you see the changes. You must stay on the medicine or the acne will come back within two to three days of stopping.
I have insomnia worst than most people. I 'm 21, I compete in body building and and I 'm in great shape.  I never get tired. If I get 3 hours of sleep a night I can still function fine the next day. But it shot me into horrible anxiety and depression from lack of sleep. I 've tried all the sleeping medicines. There 's no doubt Ambien will knock you out but I always wake up 4 hours later. I just started taking Lunesta because I was so desperate to get sleep.  Lunesta the first night helped me sleep 8 hours. The second night, &quot;last night&quot; it took about an hour to come into affect but I definitely slept 9 hours. No bad taste. I feel amazing. It definitely works all night . If you need a full nights sleep, please try it.
Xulane patch worked well for me, cleared up my acne very quickly, but fell off very easily. Also seemed to increase my appetite, so it 's important to exercise when you 're on the patch. I started using the patch because I felt it would be easier then taking a pill everyday, but patch can be a slight nuisance. The best to put it would probably be on your butt. Overall I thought it was great if it could just stick on properly.
Received the Mirena as a 22yo np/ng to treat life-threatening hypovolemia and chronic anemia caused by endometriosis. This medicine may also slow down the growth of adhesions. Insertion was incredibly painful despite taking Vicodin beforehand. For about 3 months after, I experienced intense cramping and sporadic spotting. These symptoms went away and stayed gone with a few days of muscle relaxers. The Mirena worked beautifully for its intended purpose, and I have not had a period in over 4 years. However, I have gained 75 lbs in the past 5 years. I also have increased body hair growth, thinning hair on my head, lots of acne, and a massive reduction in my sex drive. I 'm not sure yet if I 'll get another Mirena put in.
Ive been taking it for over 5 years and it works for the most part.
This medication is better than any of the other SSRI I 've tried so far. It has given me very few side effects that slowly diminished. Paxil is better, it does give you a calming effect that helps me relax, and I don 't feel empty. 
Ok, so while I have only begun this last night.. I can say I did fall asleep, which doesn 't happen until after midnight, and I only woke up once to pee. I slept for almost 10 hours compared to my restless 4 if that. My only complaint so far is this entire day I have wanted to do NOTHING. I am so tired, I don 't want to do anything besides sleep and I don 't like this feeling. And I can say I 've been hungier today than usual, so I 'm paying attention to what I 'm eating so I don 't overeat.. After a while I 'll update my review.
I started this Medication 18 day 's ago and I have lost 15lbs.You can not eat what you want you have to eat right and get off the couch and not seat in front of the TV I am very happy with the Medication.The Cost is very high I think they could make it cheaper if they wanted to but I am going to buy it and they know people will that 's why they don 't worry about the price and My Dr makes me go and see her once a month while I am taking this medication so I have to pay her also I have Ins but my Ins does not cover Wt losses. Medication or for the Dr Appt.
It is a good medicine. It brought my blood pressure down to where it should be.  However, I did experience weight gain.  This is evidence by the change of my medication to a different blood pressure medicine and losing 10 pounds in less than 3 weeks.  I have not changed my diet in anyway since switching.
I just had my wisdom teeth removed, and I haven 't really had any pain. The medicines do make me feel a bit dizzy and tired, but it 's really not too bad.
I have experienced fluid in my ears for almost two years.  Consulted with two ear and nose specialists and with an allergist.  Tried three types of nose sprays and other natural options, like additional vitamin C , pollen defense and the  neti pot.  Nothing worked until just recently I developed a severe cold and took Mucinex D.  To my amazement and happiness the fluid drained from my ears.  Clear ears!  Problem - one cannot take Mucinex on a permanent basis.
I 've only been using Duac for 5 days but my skin is already so much clearer. I 'm experiencing the dryness and peeling, but I can count the amount of new spots I 've had since using it on one hand. Usually when I get up in the morning I can expect to see at least 3 new spots on various parts of my face, so it 's a huge improvement for me. I was put on it because I obsessively pick at my skin (which is linked with my anxiety) and so, the more blemishes I have, the more I damage my face. So far, Duac is really helping me to leave my face alone and I hope it will continue this way. If anyone has a similar problem I would recommend at least giving it a try.
Hi all.... This is a follow-up from a previous post. I 'm now starting my third week of Saxenda. I 'm now taking 1.8mg/day. My starting weight was 194lbs and I 'm now at 189. Not so fantastic, but not awful either. I am nauseated most of the day, which gets worse around 6pm, then fades. Overall, I feel that the best part of this med is that I don 't care about food. At all! I 'm a donut lover, and when my family brought over a dozen fresh donuts, I had one bite and felt sick. I didn 't even want it. That is amazing. I 'm not obsessed with food anymore. Most days I have to force myself to eat. While I 'd like to see a bigger jump on the scale, I 'm happy with the decreased appetite and feeling lighter in general. Let 's hope it keeps working! :)
This was much easier than expected. First I went on low fiber diet two days before taking it. One day (from mednight ) before procedure I went on clear liquid diet with no solid food. Then took GL at about 6 PM. No reaction until seventh 8 ounce glass of GL. Then it did the job it 's designed to do. No pains or cramps. The solution was cold and I got each glass down as fast as comfortably possible. Taste? I didn 't notice anything bad about it and did not add any flavoring. It 's like drinking a lot of water. Maybe they should have a beer flavor to make it go down even easier.
For pain and swelling of my joints it worked the best, but my blood pressure went up and heart disease runs in my family.  I wish I could have continued taking it.
Really helps my PMDD and my stress/anxiety. I was very thin from stress before I started on Paxil. I have rapidly gained weight since taking this medication. I have also become emotionless. As much as I dislike it, at least I don 't feel anger, stress and anxiety anymore. Clearly I 'm taking the good with the bad.
I went to urgent care on second day of constantly vomiting and body aches with stuffy nose. And I ended up having flu and a stomach virus. So I was given nausea meds and tamiflu. So it did not make me sick like most people thanks to Zofran. But two days after starting I feel almost 100% unfortunetly it keeps me up ALL night. But no sleep is better than the flu...
Hate the way the pills are packaged. This has helped me a lot but not completely. Still have bladder issues and muscle spasms and some tingling and burning. I did have elevated liver enzymes for the first 6 months but they were tested yesterday and now back to normal. I 've had this relapse now since February but really it 's much better than it was.
took 1000 mg tab Friday evening Saturday morning and evening.  Have had Diaraeh since midnigtht Friday night
I 'm 19 years old and I have only been on the shot for 3 months and some change now. I like the shot. I had regular periods before but they were really heavy and painful. I tried the pills once and took all of them. A couple of times I forgot to take them on time but took two the next day but the shot works better for me. The only negative thing I have to say is it does mess with my moods, like I 'll get sad out of no where and start tripping and the weight gain I don 't mind because I 'm already a size 3, I want to gain some weight. During the first month I spotted the whole time. Not a regular period just brown spotting. But it 's gone away now and like I said I 've only been on it for 3 months and some change now so overall for me, I like.
I have been on Yaz for a couple months. I decided to switch to Yaz to gain weight and clear up my mild acne. Overall I have had a positive experience with it. In the beginning, my periods lasted only a couple days, but now, I have no period at all. Also, my face is clear, but I did not gain weight from the pill. The weight I have gained was from muscle weight from working out. I 'd say the only negative were my massive headaches when I did have my period. The headaches would come on my first day of my period. But now, with no period, I have no headache!
Like a few other people here, I have only been on this pill for a 2 months. I started using it because of my irregular cycle. I was a bit scared to start it because of some revies I was reading, about it making people crazy, emotional and anxious but decided that everyone responds differently to different pills and I gave it a shot. I take it at night because I wanted to try to avoid nausea. I still feel a bit nauseous when I wake up for the few days after I restart the placebo. Like it did for others, my breasts got bigger - and constantly feel sore. Also, I do have spotting though I 'm not sure if its because I 'm not always exactly on time when taking the pill (an hour or 2 off). Overall I like it but annoyed with the spotting. 
I have panic disorder and Xanax has helped me greatly. The only problem that I have experienced is that I have become resistant to it. Rather than .25mg helping, I need to take 3 to calm down. My doctor only allows me 30 .25mg pills per month, so I 'm petrified that at some point, I am going to have an attack after I have run out of meds.
I started taking this medicine on June 10th, 2009. It is now June 19th and I have lost 5 1/2 pounds. This is not the first time I have taken this medicine. I took it 7 years ago and lost 60 pounds in 10 months. Never had a problem with it. It was the only thing that worked for me after several attempts to lose weight on other programs with no success. The main reason why I like this medication is because it curbs my appetite and I don 't feel hungry as much and I don 't have the cravings I used to have. I feel like I 'm in control. A word of advice - I am noticing this time around, if you have any problems with pinched nerves such as pain and discomfort, this medication will increase that pain and discomfort.
I am always crying and moody (my poor boyfriend). Sometimes, it is never that serious and I would realize that the next day. I 'm 21 and in college and that is stressful enough. I have my sex drive still intact, but I am always hungry (I 've always been this way but know it is out of control)! I eat everything in sight. This is becoming really expensive for me and my boyfriend. Other than that I have regulated less painful periods, no bloating, and they are very on time. I like it because of the low hormone levels but I am emotional.
So I had bv and got the tday vaginal treatment which I ended tuesday 3/15/16 and shortly after developed a yeast infection. I visited the doctor today and took 15mg diflucan and felt better a few hours after. No burning or itching was ever present, I noticed a change in discharge and immediately got seen by a doctor. No side affects. I caught mine the day after I noticed a change.
I have been diagnosed with bursitis in my right heal and I got great relief after taking Indocin for about two days. It is not as painful.
I have been on Pristiq for about 8 months now for depression and still have bad mood swings but do have a boost in my energy level.  I am going to have to discontinue it in the next 2 months because their co-pay program ends and I will have to pay $130.00/month for it.  It 's good but I cannot afford it.
Been on Opiates for 14 years for numerous health issues lupus, fibromyalgia, neck and back surgery, gastric bypass surgery just to name some.Tried tapering, tried cold turkey tried suboxone didn 't work went back using and more each time was up to 35 norco 10 a day in In increments of course for the last 3 years however went in last week and got clonodine for the worst part of the withdrawals was given trazadone for sleep and robaxin for RLS and back pain from the withdrawals. I also read about Elimidrol a natural herb product I haven 't taken any robaxin I take 0.1 mg clonodine every 8 hours trazadone at night only just 1 50 mg and I only took Imodium the first day I feel awesome just energy a lil low don 't give up!!!!
My insurance covered almost all of it. The medication works. Hep C undetectable after just 23 days, again at 12 weeks. So far so good. Extreme itching with Incivek withdrawal for 3 days. Scratched my skin until it bled. Ice cold water helped and nothing else. After 3 days, itching was gone. Mentally the Incivek had my brain in a fog for the entire 12 weeks. Had two car wrecks back to back and had to stop driving. Overall I would still highly recommend this medicine due to its effectiveness. What is 12 weeks in comparison to the rest of my life? I am Hep C free.
Started taking Movantik 25 my. Was very skeptical about it after reading reviews. I have been on opiate for 10 yrs. for chronic back pain. I spoke with Dr. and he said I could use zofran and bentyl if needed. Took first dose waiting for the worse. I had bm within 2 hrs. of taking medicine. Normal side effects first day. 3Rd day was rough nausea, cramps and fatigue. Continued side effects lasted about 2 wks. Not unbearable. Started having 2 bm 's a week. So much better then every 14+ days. And then only with major colonoscopy cleansing. I experienced irritability mood swings. Dr. had me stop and switch to Amitiza. That was awful didn 't help made symptoms of OIC return with vengeance went back to Monvantik.
I 'm 16 and have mild acne and this helps and almost clears my acne fully, but it makes me gain weight, get headaches, and feel nauseous. So it 's sort of a win-lose situation.
100/12.5mg - no issues been on the medicine now for 2 months. Pressure is now 121/85 from 160/100.
Severe nausea and multiple near-puke experiences. Almost threw up on a kid at my job serving him food, made certain foods sickening to smell or look at. Craved unhealthy foods which I did not partake in, so no weight gain. Did its job to regulate periods, not sure about the pregnancy prevention since my doctor recommended still using condoms for the first month. I liked this one,  it sucks that the doctor switched my birth control pills to something else right when I had stopped getting the overbearing, chronic nausea. If you feel nauseous,  wait it out. It will pass. Maybe try an anti nausea medication with it until the first month is over.
Its more convenient then doing a breathing treatment every two hours. That said i made it to 1200mcg twice a day .the headaches and body aches are side affects I accept them to breath better . I am staying at 1200 mcg for 3weeks now . I still have headaches (migraines) and are not as bad as when I have advanced each week .so this is my vacation before raising my dosage. I 'm in stage 3 of pulmonary arterial hypertension and not on oxygen as of yet . I do take two other helpful medicines to help out . As I progress on Uptravi doses I cut back on breathing treatments (Ventavis)one dose a week .As of today I have stopped Ventavis and rely on the Uptravi . I hope Uptravi is the answer for helping me breathe better.
I just put the Para-Gard in 08/24/17. I was told to come in while I was on my period, During the procedure I felt a little discomfort nothing too bad. The mid-wife who did it for me was very gentle &amp; told me when to breathe while she inserted it. Before inserting it she told me to feel the tip of the strings so I knew what it felt like if I needed to ever check to see if it was still there on my own! (super gross I know). After the procedure was finished I was given Ibuprofen (600) in case I had pain after. I was fine the whole day after with no pain, I worked a full 8hr shift after with a little bit of discomfort but again not too bad. I finished my period &amp; I was still fine.  I have tested  with  my husband &amp; was fine. He didn 't feel a thing.
I was having about 10 to 12 hot flashes a day. At night it was unbearable. My OB-GYN told me about the medication and started  me on 37.5 mg per day. In three days I was not having any hot flashes at all, it was great! Four months later my hot flashes begin again so he up my dose to 75 milligrams. This work for the hot flashes yet again. The only issue is,  I went out of town for the weekend I forgot to take my meds with me. I miss 3 days on the medication and the withdrawal symptoms hit me like a ton of bricks. I feel jittery, severe headache, I felt drained, my body felt flu-like. Don 't miss doses!!!
I started taken Prozac 20mg a day for nearly 6 years! I stopped taking them 7 months ago as I thought I didn 't need them anymore, since I 've stopped taking them I 've become really agrophobic, really depressed, can 't stop crying, I 've just shut my self away. I 'm thinking off starting Prozac again.
This pill has been absolutely amazing. I can truly say that I have had no problems with it. It definitely does it job and does it well. My oily skin has cleared and I have actually lost weight ! I am eating less and it 's great. I would definitely recommend this oral contraception for anyone who gas had it rough with other pills.! I do get my period every month so I am thinking about switching to one that I won 't get it but other than that I love this pill!
I am beginning my fourth week on 20mg Fluoxetine taken each morning. I am recovering from a long term abusive relationship with a Narcissist. I have a head injury that predisposes me to fatigue.  I asked the doctor to help me with my energy levels. I did not admit it but the underlying feeling I had was that  'everything was too much ' and  'nothing matters anyway '. But nobody would have guessed how hopeless I had become. And had been for at least 10 years. Initially I experienced all of the symptoms people warn about in the first few weeks. Insomnia and occassional extreme anxiety were the worst. Now I feel enthused about taking things one at a time and am enjoying the process. I have begun to sleep normally again. So far, so good.
I have moderate to almost severe acnez I have been on doxycycline for almost 4 months now and my skin have improve drastically. At the first part of taking the medication, I started purging real bad that I dread leaving the house everytime. Have some patience with this medication because it only took effect for me on the 3rd month. I 'm only left with all the acne scarring now, very occasional pimple popping out and breaking out when it 's about to be the time of my month! This is my third time trying out this antibiotic as the first two times I never had determination to continue the entire phase. Make sure your derm is lowering your dosage along the journey because I heard it helps a lot from avoiding horrible break out after stopping med.
Work good
When I first started taking Remeron it was for my PTSD and Depression (no help for anxiety).At 15mg it makes you the most drowsy and sometimes made me slightly nauseous- my psychiatrist told me most people have to up their dosage to feel relief of PTSD and to actually feel less tired, so I was slowly prescribed higher dosages and it provided a smooth transition for my body. I am currently on 45mg and I sleep great, with very vivid dreams, but I do not wake up drowsy nor do I have a change in appetite, and the best part is that I have a majority of my PTSD and Depression controlled! ( in the uk they go to 60+ mg of remeron but the U.S. is limited to prescribing 45mg! )
I 've had moderate to almost severe acne for at least 4 years prior to using Fabior. Now let me tell you this medicine will probably worsen your acne or dryness or redness the first couple of months you are on it but once you 've used it for a long time the results are amazing. My advice would be to use a morning and evening moisturizer because Fabior and any retinoid will dry you out. This product should last a long time for one bottle and never overuse it ever.
Have taken Lamictal for about 5 years. Needed antidepressant to supplement, and have tried practically every one, new and old. Tried Abilify 2mg (?) at night. No side effects, especially weight gain, at all. After about 3 days,  had more energy than I have had in years! Great mood, focus, and actually got things done! But only lasted about 3 weeks. Upped dose to 5mg. Same thing. If only it would last longer than 3 weeks. On the bright side, for 3 weeks at a time, my house was clean, etc! Lol
When I first started this medication I had a lot of the dreaded side effects, GI issues, nausea, headache, heartburn, and some sleep issues.  I 'm now on my third week of taking the medication and it has changed my whole life.  I had such a negative outlook on everything I thought I hated my job and that my friends were crappy I just didn 't enjoy anything anymore and since taking this medicine its literally like a cloud has lifted.  It even changed the way I feel.  I feel so calm and relaxed and it made me realize how tense I was all the time before.  The side effects have all gone except an occasional headache and I 'm still having some sleep issues but its getting better.  Totally worth feeling as good as I do now.  I hope it keeps working!
Been on one month and 2 weeks. Unlike other birth controls I had no nausea. Which was great I am always sick taking any other birth control pills. But unfortunately my acne gets too bad the week I take the inactive pills, so I am looking into different birthcontrols.
I have been using Epiduo for a little over a month and my face broke out very bad the first two weeks and has been clearing up ever since. However, the Epiduo gel has made every single hyperpigmentation that ever existed on my face turn bright bright red and when I wear makeup they look purple. The first 2 weeks I broke out in terrible cystic acne on my chin in the lower parts of my cheeks, but that has all cleared up now since I stuck with the Epiduo. I don 't think I would have stuck with it had there not been so many reviews online saying that this would happen. I do get a whitehead every other day but I 'm hoping that that will continue to slow down and be completely clear within the next month like the other reviews have said.
I suffered from anxiety, depression, mood swings and nasty guilt so badly that I almost walked out of my job and wanted to give up period! I have been on the XR and tablet form, and I all I have to say is the tablet form seems to work better for me. Most of the past year, I have been on 75mg. It numbs my emotions. Don 't feel as sad anymore but it took the edge off of anything that makes me happy. Since I told my doc that I don 't like XR version she recently upped my tablet dose to 75mg 2x a day! These past days have been horrible. Makes depression worse. Staying on 75 but honestly I think this med has to be combine with another anti depressant to achieve remission. Not as effective by itself. Hence 7/10
I got my nexplanon about a year and a half ago, had it removed yesterday Jan/28/16.   At first I LOVED nexplanon. It was great. and it did serve me well as birth control while I had it.   Now, in the last six months or so I had a major Increase in nausuea, vomiting/no eating, stomach and pelvic pain, the ectopic pregnancy scares, dizziness. I do also take other medications for arthritis like things so I do not want to point my finger 100% at nexplanon as I also endured a lot of stress.  Due to the pelvic and abdominal pains I just decided to remove the nexplanon, be BC free for a couple months to let my body detox and regulate itself again while I cross my fingers for improvement in how I feel.  Bc= great. Side effects= questionable
Wonderful pill that works for the first week and then goes into recession. At least for me it did.
I was taking Celexa 40mg every night but it seemed to just stop working one day so my psychiatrist put me on Viibryd. Usually I have constipation but it 's helped my bowels move better. I do have some trouble sleeping because right as I 'm about to fall asleep I get weird spasms throughout my body almost like I 'm being shocked? Then once I do fall asleep I have strange scary nightmares and sometimes lucid dreams, so when I wake up I 'm not sure if what happened was real or not. I also have some trouble waking up but once I am up I feel alright. I 'm rating this a 7 because I don 't have any problems with my depression anymore. It does cause me to take some Xanax at times but I 've only been on it for 3 weeks.
I have MS and  bad back some times  I had save this for a time that the doctor  wasn 't helping out enough. My left leg started to hurt from butt to my angle  . Was taking hydrocodacetam. Eating 3 at a time ,wasn 't doing enough . Started  taking decadron pain level drop a lot  but you need to make sure that your eating food with them . Had no side affects! Wish I had more ! Going to ask Doctor .
I had to take Imodium daily in order to fend off diarrhea and the constant bathroom breaks.  It has impacted every aspect of my life.  I was afraid to eat when a bathroom wasn 't readily available.  As I grew older the condition became worse.  I would eat and have to go immediately.  A normal day out with the wife and kids stopping for lunch would create a great deal of anxiety.  Should I eat, can I eat and would I make it to a bathroom on time. My working career took into account how accessible bathroom facilities were. Vibrenzi worked to end diarrhea and has limited my bathroom calls. However,  I get extremely tired 15 minutes after taking the dosage and remain so all day.  Dry mouth and gas are also a problem. Price cost is $18 a pill.
I&rsquo;ve taken clindamycin a couple times over the last few years and have had minor side effects. Heart burn is the worst side effect I have experienced but I started taking the pill DURING meals and it helped greatly. I guess it&rsquo;s because it&rsquo;s going down with other food and not by itself. This antibiotic is definitely strong and does the job of getting rid of infections. Take some probiotics and Zantac with it and you&rsquo;ll be good to go.
I was prescribed 500mg of Clarithromycin for a week for severe sinusitis and a very sore throat. I 'd had the sore throat for a week and it was getting worse. It started to clear up after a couple of days of taking these. Haven 't noticed much effect for the sinusitis but haven 't had any side effects except for really weird and vivid dreams. I woke up rather upset this morning! So they worked for me (especially as I am horribly allergic to amoxycillin) but I 'll be glad when the horrible dreams go back to normal!
I thought at first this was not working, but I realized it was working, but had to pay more attention to my body. I still get hungry (but not as often or as quickly after meals), so I would eat a healthy snack or meal. It helps me eat smaller portions and I now feel satisfied faster, but you must pay attention to your hunger and stop eating when you no longer feel hungry or you will overeat, which makes me feel sick. A couple times of that and you will learn! Slow but steady weight loss, about 1 lb. a week. Side effects went away after 2 weeks.
My son is halfway through his fourth week of Intuniv. We became concerned when he began this last week, when he started taking the highest dose he will be on. For two days, he could hardly get out of bed, was very cranky, and slept for nearly 8 hours on a drive home from school vacation (very unusual for him.) I called his doctor on Monday morning and she said to stick it out a few days. See how he did at school, and with getting up in the morning. The last two days have been problem free. He is MUCH more agreeable than ever. He is less emotional (a good thing), less cranky. He is remembering all the things he should. Overall his behavior is better. We have tried many different medications and so far this is the most effective.
I have had Orthovisc every 16-24 months for pain in my knees (osteoarthritis). It seems to really work a couple weeks to a month after the last of the three injections. I think, the main reason is my knees are healing from the multiple injections. I use ice on my knees on post-injection days one through four after walking over 2 miles. Ice seems to help feel the ache. I always start to feel better on Day Six, and the next day I start this all over again. It does help me. I go from barely walking 2 miles total a day to around 4. My swelling never totally goes away in my knees although, I think about the pain less. I use to get the injections for free but this time UnitedHealthcare PPO was $400 &amp; you can ask to split payment over 4months.
I have nerve damage in my L4 / L5 disc and down my leg. Out of all my medicines the one that helps me the most is Lyrica. I can tell if I miss a pill because my pain goes up. The pain medicines just hide the pain and not that well on cold and rainy days. Lyrica helps the pain - it is the best nerve medicine I have ever had. I gained 40 lbs. I have been on Neurontin with lots of side effects. As much as I hate the 40 lbs I 'm glad to have the medicine.
very helpful
Endometrial stromal sarcoma: I 've been on this medicine since hysterectomy/pathology report in March, about five months.  Too soon to tell if it is working but so far so good.  The side effects are as stated by many already...increased joint pain and stiffness everywhere and especially hands and feet, increased weight, minor and occasional dizziness, increased feeling of tiredness.  I 'm going to request a bone density scan to monitor risk of osteoporosis.  It is all tolerable so far, but I hope it doesn 't get worse and I hope none of it is permanent. 
I used the Monistat 3 day suppository, NOT the cream, and it worked as intended leaving me relieved from my YI &amp; its symptoms. Right after I used it I laid back and read these reviews...omg I braced for impact, but nothing bad happened! Bottom line: don 't use the cream insert. Kudos to every ladies ' review for making me lol at yeast infections.
A couple days ago I was prescribed Epiduo, I didn 't have really bad acne but I had just enough where I didn 't like my face. I 've been trying Epiduo for a couple days now and I have already seen improvements in my face.
I took Bactrim for a boil on my face. After 2 days of taking, the boil began to drain but the nausea and stomach pain has been very uncomfortable.
I have been on this for a few years and I 've always been very happy. However, my pharmacy has stopped carrying it so they switched me to Aviane. I took Aviane for two months and convinced my pharmacy to give me the last of their Lutera so I am back on that again. I don 't know if Aviane increased my sex drive or if Lutera was decreasing it, but there was a definite difference when I have switched back and forth. However, my periods are so light and so short on Lutera that I love it! Lower sex drive, but I can have sex more often, I 'll take that I guess!
Same symptoms as most other reviewers.  Been on Axiron for about a month now.  Feeling significantly better.  Mood, energy, and sex drive are way up.  Noticed slight sinus burning/headaches, but I 'm not sure they are associated with Axiron.  Underarm redness and burning have been pretty significant, but bearable.  Dont know levels yet.  Another test to come.
The patch works great - no more debilitating hot flashes. But, I almost gave up on the medication because of the difficulty and frustration removing the plastic backing. I finally figured out how to get it off. I take a paring knife and in the middle, tease one side slowly off the adhesive until it is clear it will separate, but I don 't remove it yet. Then I do the same thing on the other side. Once it is clear that both sides will come off easily, I remove one side completely, stick it in place, then remove the other side. Make sure your skin is stretched out with no wrinkles where you apply it. This has completely removed my frustration with the patch! If it weren 't for the flawed design, I would rate it a 10, so instead it gets an 8
I had the Nexplanon put in April 2015 and I overall love it so far. It last for 3 years and it 's much better than having to take a pill everyday! I was bad with pills and that 's how I got pregnant with my son May 2014. This is such a convenience and there isn 't anything I have to remember to do. However, I do experience a couple side effects. One is being that my periods are very irregular. Sometimes they 're really light and will last 2-3 weeks or really heavy and last a few days to a week. There is really no telling and I have to be prepared for spotting as it can happen any time for me. I also noticed that I get slight headaches but they usually either go away or I take medicine for it. Overall, I really like this birth control!
I have disc issues.  When the inflammation around these discs starts to put pressure on the nerves going to my feet and legs. A shot of this stuff is like gold. It looses it effect the longer you use it so save this as a last resort.
Have suffered with restless legs syndrome for years.  This medication allowed my legs to relax enough that I can get to sleep.  Negative effects are nausea and that it can take up to an hour to set in.  Nausea can be controlled by dosage.  Sometimes it has no effect and have to wait an hour to take another one.  My wife has also noticed after a few hours it wears off and I 'm tossing and turning in my sleep again.  It works but I 'm looking for something that works better.
Doctor switched me from Viibyrd to Brintellix. I was on 10 mg. of Brintellix, but went down to 5mg as my heart was beating way to fast and my new lenses in my glasses went way bad on me. My eyes still aren 't back to normal, but will give this medicine another chance at a lower dose. I could not go to sleep with the 10 mg. my brain would not stop thinking, my legs hurt so bad and I just tossed and turned all night. Now on 5mg I go to bed when I get totally tired ( midnight ) and get up around 8AM.I lost two married daughters in 2011 ( four months a part ) to suicide. Brintellix gave me headaches to begin with and caused blurred vision, but both are subsiding now. Just give this drug a good try. It may be just the perfect drug for you.
I take 3 mg every night, slowly recovering and no side effects so far.
Started 100mg at bedtime (in case of drowsiness) because I was waking up with 3  migraines/week. Later we added 25mg in the morning to prevent afternoon migraines. My headaches have gradually improved, not just in frequency but also in intensity.Only side effects have been weight loss (about 10-15 lb, and it seems to have levelled out there, which is fine; I 'm a relatively small person) and paresthesia/tingles in my hands &amp; face. Tingling is more frequent in cold weather, but it 's not bad enough to make me quit, especially not with the benefits I 'm experiencing.There 's been a bit of research into its use for mood disorders, which I have. I 'm on other meds for that, but I wonder if the topiramate is having any extra little benefit there.
I have been on birth control for 10 years, 5 on the Patch then 5 on NuvaRing. I love the Ring, but I did get side effects like sore breasts and low sex drive, which I think goes with any hormone birth control. My skin cleared up and no babies so it was great, and really easy. I stopped when it started giving me either a yeast or bacterial vaginosis infection every month around the same time in my cycle. I would take it out and wash it to help prevent. It is down on the list of side effects, but I haven 't found anything with LESS side effects so I 'm going to go back on it again.
This is my first experience with bc given to me after many years of complaining of heavy periods and a diagnosis of anemia.  It took some adjusting but I now have a 4 day period with only one heavy day instead of 8  days.  Downside: mood swings and they 're constantly raising the price.  My $25 program expired and they 're not offering it anymore.  I paid $120 yesterday for one month pack.  Keep asking for generic but my doctor says there is none and told me to do all the research for a better one.  Isn 't that her job???
This medication save my life from Methadone side effect.
As I got older my asthma got worse, and eventually my doctor gave me Symbicort. I absolutely loved it, and I would totally recommend it. I only had to use it once a day, and I was able to go about my day with no shortness of breath. I was finally confident enough to engage in a lot of activities without the fear of struggling. The only problem I had with this medication was that if I missed a dose I found that I would have a full blown asthma attack. I don 't know if anyone else has had that problem.
Fair
This method is great for those who forget or don 't like to take pills. However, it may completely eliminate your sex drive. I don 't think about it, I don 't dream about it. My husband is hot and I just look at him like &quot;what do you want for dinner?&quot;  I had a pretty high libido before Nuva ring. Anyway, these drugs effect people differently so just know This is a possibility.
I am a 50 year old fit, active and otherwise healthy female who is 5 '6&quot; and weights 140 pounds.  My doctor prescribed 25 mg of metoprolol for me and I started taking it in February of this year (2015).  My blood pressure was lowered from 140/90 to 125/82, so it DOES work in that respect.  I had no side effects at ALL from this until the first week of June.  Today is July 22nd.  The first week of June, I was recovering from a sore throat and cough and then three weeks later, I realized that I was STILL hoarse and my voice was cracking.  It is STILL like that as of today. Indeed, one of the rare side effects is hoarseness!  I called my doctor today and he switched me to Amlopidine.
This is the first and only birth control medication I 've been on. I 've been taking it a little over 2 years now. I 've had no side-effects besides EXTREMELY low sex drive. I 've never had a particularly high sex drive but now it 's nonexistent. I haven 't had any of the headaches or mood swings. There was a mild increase in my acne but I 'm also a college student so I don 't particularly lay all the blame on the pill. Overall, it does it 's job but I would caution potential takers with low libido.
Started Contrave on 2/1/15, no exercise, greatly modified my eating habits, got off carbonated drinks on 3/1/15.  Almost a year in and I have lost 92 pounds, I am now walking 5 miles a day, lifting weights.  Chronic back pain left after 50 pounds.  I saw a reduction in the craving suppression about month 7 and had to start exercising to continue weight loss.  I think this is a great drug if you are willing to do the lifestyle change that is required.
Nexplanon is my best friend. As a sexually active teenager, pregnancy is my worst nightmare. With an effectiveness of 99.95%, I can breathe easy and enjoy my relationship with my boyfriend in a responsible way. Of course with all drugs, there are side effects. The first 4 months or so I was bleeding almost all the time. That really sucked. However, the 4 months of off and on bleeding is way better than get knocked up in my opinion! I have been on nexplanon since January of 2016 and each month I experience light bleeding. Nexplanon 's job is to keep me from getting pregnant. And it has done its job!
I have severe back pain and have been on everything. Nothing works better then Ultram. I still go to work and don 't feel like I 'm in a tunnel. I also have no problems with withdrawl symptoms, when I stop taking them.
I 've used Paxil when I was in my 20 's for depression and anxiety. Paxil worked great for me. Side effects were loss of appetite for 2 weeks and taking long to ejaculate which I loved this side effect. Through the years I have been on and off Paxil with it working for me every time but I notice as I got into my 30 's it made me very drowsy when taking it. Of all my time of taking Paxil I have never taken it for more than 3 months. I experience the brain zaps once only when I used it for the 1st time. Never had a problem going off Paxil since that 1st time. I would recommend Paxil for depression and definitely anxiety. However, the last time I took it in my 40 's it was causing me stomach problem and made my throat feel scratchy all the time.
I had gone through a two year period of Atrial Fibrillation almost constantly.  I had two ablations.  I was loading up on Tikosyn when I started going in and out of Normal Sinus.  After the second dose I converted.  Prior to Tikosyn I had been Cardioverted, with paddles, over 30 times.  In the two and a half years since I 've been on Tikosyn I 've needed that procedure once.  Only complaint is how dangerous it can be if you take it too soon after last dose.
Hate the way the pills are packaged. This has helped me a lot but not completely. Still have bladder issues and muscle spasms and some tingling and burning. I did have elevated liver enzymes for the first 6 months but they were tested yesterday and now back to normal. I 've had this relapse now since February but really it 's much better than it was.
Brilliant for my dog allergies.  Unfortunately made me vomit and hallucinate. I think I 'll go back to cetirizine.
I have had migraines for over 10 years and have tried many different drugs. My doctor gave me Sumavel to try about a week ago (just in time for another migraine attack). The initial injection did hurt but the relief that I was able to get only 10 minutes later was well worth it. I did have the &quot;burning sensation&quot; in my face for a few minutes and felt weak for about 30 minutes but for me that is much better than the pain of a migraine. The only problem that I had was it seemed to only work for a few hours for me the first time I tried it. I 'm willing to give this medicine time to work because it has by far done so much more for me than any other medicine that I have tried.
This drug decreased my hot flushes by 2/3.  I figured it would be 100% but that was probably an unreasonable expectation. I 've gone from 8-12 a day to 2-3.  I 've suffered hot flushes since 1998 and the past 6 months they have only gotten more frequent and very annoying.  My husband says I 'm nicer to live with after taking Effexor, so now I realize I really was irritable from the lack of sleep and night sweats this past year.  I tend to forget names or words more frequently but am not sure if the foggy brain has another cause. 
It has helped take the edge off of my allergies, but the dry mouth it causes is horrible.  I need water constantly or my mouth and throat get so dry its actually becomes difficult to breath. 
First time ever trying any medication for anxiety which I have struggled with for years. I took Celexa for 6 days 10/mg once a day. Throughout taking it, I noticed that my feelings started to dull. Everything was very level and it was hard to be anxious - or excited, or happy, or really much of anything. I got sexual side effects starting on the 3rd day, which was the deal breaker for me. As much as I liked that it calmed my racing thoughts, the constant fog, feeling of not being myself/me, and the inability to orgasm made it no-go for me. Celexa WAS effective for my GAD / social anxiety, but the side effects were terrible.
I have been on this med for 10 or more yrs.For my BPD, I also suffer with clinical chronic depression ocd  suicidial tendancies major mood disorders and anything else they can thro at me! I had a sever break down 15 yrs ago and I believe something in my brain actually disconnected or fizzeled out! unrecoverable! i have tryied many meds for many symtoms. I have been on Toparimate for atleast 10 yrs i have not had weightloss from it, i was put on it for my borderline to controll my rage. I take Many different meds I beleive they are all fighting one another! Toparimate has effected my vision, motor skills, slowed down my thought process! blurred my desicion making and my ability to recognize reality from my on disorted thoughts!
Hi, I 'm 23 and got my first implanon in 2009, the first 6 months were hell! I was really depressed and took some time to get out of it. I 'm now on my 3rd as the second was faulty and I love it. No periods at all I 've lost 25kg. Not one scare within that time. The start is a little rocky but now I say it 's worth it.
I spent a lot of time reading reviews and it took me awhile to even start the medication but I finally said screw it I 'll try it. After reading the reviews most people said they felt better almost right away so after 2 months when I still wasn 't feeling great I started to get nervous. Then 3 months approached and I started crying less and less and I actually got excited to do things again and by 4 months I feel great!! I 'm so glad I stuck with it. If your depression is bad this really can take up to 3 months but don 't give up! I did have to take buspar with it because I 'm just naturally an anxious person and that helped with my anxiety and to balance it out. I now take 100mg of bupropion in am and 100mg in afternoon and it 's just enough!
I 'm 18y/o this is my first yeast infection.I didn 't go to the doctor but I read the symptoms online and diagnosed myself to have a yeast infection so I went down to the drug store and bought monistat 3-day treatment. I didn 't experience any severe pain or burning like any of the other ladies (which btw is why I was hesitant about getting any monistat product) but today was the 3rd day of the treatment and the initial pain and itchiness from the yeast infection is almost gone.I still have some damaged skin around my vagina that hurts but hopefully it 'll be gone soon.I 'm content with the product and I 'm glad I didn 't listen to the people saying they went through extreme pain (I wonder why that is that some people experience severe burning)
Age 59 Male. After having allergy asthma probably or decades a wet Spring after ugly winter and removing moldy insulation and ended me up at doctors. Started on 100/50.   It helped but not enough. Ended up getting 250/50 and have been on since (4 years). It didn 't stop the fairly constant post nasal drip which was almost constant at night. Got Singular for that and have taken ever since (4 years).   I 'm fine and dandy ever since and can do heavy workouts etc.  Problems:   Leg cramps, foot cramps hand cramps.   I 've always had a few but they can get ugly taking, I find drinking water, taking daily multivitamins and Magnesium keeps them at bay. Dry, sensitive mouth= no more medium or hot salsa etc.  Watch your teeth.
I developed anxiety very fast and didn 't know what it was until one day when my heart was beating out of my chest and I started worrying about my life changes. Went to ER twice in a month thought I was going to have a heart attack. I am 25 and I never knew anxiety can be this bad. I started taking Ativan and it 's been 4 months now. I started with 2 a day and now I 'm taking one a day. It 's a great pill not many side effects, a bit disoriented sometimes but I can sleep better and eat more. I am planning on staying on it until my life gets back on track and once everything settles down I will get off of it. Anxiety is a hard thing to deal with on your own. Only if you have it you understand.
Been receiving Synvisc injections approximately every 6 months for last 3+ years.  They help tremendously.  There is always a little soreness and swelling of the knee for about a week after injection but then I get 6 months of pain free activity.  That 's a pretty good trade-off if you ask me.
I went to my doctor because I knew I pulled a back muscle. I tend to have issues anyways with the piraformus muscle and that aggravates the sciatica. Lower back pain and gluts tend to be an issue with me. I was getting moderate painful back spasms that felt like random poking with a sharp nail. He prescribed 10mg three times a day for 10 days. After the second day of following the instructions, I was sleeping 14 hours a day. I was a zombie, I couldn 't function, and I felt depressed. Why I still rate it at an 8/10 is because it did what it was supposed to. I stopped and only take it once at night around bedtime. If you 're skeptical at first taking the med, make sure you have the next day off. Don 't drive on this.
Started on prednisone about 15 years ago along with 500mg of naproxen 2x daily to control RA.  My dr started weening me off the prednisone a year ago when I had a heart attack and was taken off all nsaids. I was down to 2mg a day when I was hospitalized with gall bladder surgery.With no help for pain the RA is flared up and I am back on prednisone.A good med.
Took Cardura for two years the developed ringing in my ears. As soon as I stop taking it it went away. Very good drug for BPH but not worth the ringing in the ears. Waiting for a med that does not have this side effect. MD said all have one side effect or another.
After years of a gambling addiction, with heavy alcohol use I started seeing My Dr wanted to discuss an Antidepressant, I found information on Contrave and approached my Dr with a compromise that I 'd try the Antidepressant if he 'd prescribe the Contrave, as It had Wellbutrin which was one we had previously discussed. He was reluctant at first as he didn 't know about Contrave, but he did want to talk to me my  alcohol use, In talking he told me &quot;Naltrexone&quot; helps with alcohol use, I said that 's the other ingredient in Contrave.He ordered the meds separately and they are covered by insurance. Have lost 10# from 272# since 2/2.. and pain &amp; nausea week 2,but was on Antibiotic. Alcohol use decreased, changing my life.. Plan to continue.
Tried a lot of medicines but this one is good with no side effects.
I 've been on the patch for a month now. So far so good. My breasts look great I 've even have a butt now which I 'm happy about it. My only complaint is that the first day putting it on it itches. I have a lot of sex drive. Loving the patch so far.
My doctor prescribed Nucynta about a month ago. At first I didn 't notice a change to my sciatic nerve pain. He explained that the drug will improve the longer I continue on it. He was right and now I am feeling so much better. Just came back from a walk. I wish all of you a pain free life!!
Had taken 150 mg twice a day, had a very difficult time swallowing while eating, literally had to cut my food into tiny pieces.  This mellowed after 8 days, still always had to have a glass of liquid when eating.  Went to 150 mg. twice a day. Taking it with Neurontin, it did relieve my pain for 30 min. in the morning, not every day, but it was better than continuous pain.
Best decision I have ever made. Been on 40 mgs for about a week and a half and I already feel better, don 't even want the other drugs I was doing, pretty much anything short of a needle. I have more energy and I am already starting to feel like myself again. Just my experience, I know everyone is different. I give 8 out of 10 effectiveness.
I 've been on Vestura for a little over 6 months. I went on it because I had irregular periods and bad acne, especially on my back and chest. My periods are no longer irregular and are much lighter too. I would say that my acne is about 90% clearer now; my chest and back acne is basically gone, but I 've been noticing some breakouts on my face lately. I haven 't noticed any major mood swings or changes in my mood. However, I do think that my appetite has changed while on this pill. The past few months I 've noticed that foods that I used to eat regularly, normally for breakfast or lunch, now seem like the least appetizing things in the world.
This medication has lowered my blood pressure quite well. If fact, I have been able to use the half dose, under my doctor 's recommendation quite effectively with no side effects.
I did a review on Xulane 8 months ago. I was taking the Ortho Evra patch and had to switch to Xulane due to it being discontinued. When I did my review, I was on the patch for 1 month. The patch is still very convenient. Increase is sex drive, no vaginal dryness, and light periods - no cramping. I am starting to get headaches for the past month. Seeing its a side effect of this medication (never got them before ) hoping they go away. Other than that, no complaints.
Take one 50mg at bedtime for sleep. Helps me to sleep. If I take 100mg the next day I 'm dizzy and groggy. 50mg is good for me.
I 've been on this pill for nearly a year now and for the past three months I have been having weird bleeding. When it first started I bleed for 11 days before getting my same 4 day heavy period. I have break through bleeding all the time which is really worrying. Even though I 'm not ovulatin I still track my period and it freaks me out. I 've lost like 10 pounds and I can 't gain wait. Other than these issued it 's ok. Has anyone else experienced break through bleeding a year later?
Good
I started to take Prozac several months back to get off Effexor. It really made that transition smooth. I take 20mg every other day. I find it helps with Anxiety but, not enough to wean off Klonopin.  I know I 'm normally over social and Prozac makes me anti-social. I don 't mind because I 'm only anti-social with people I don 't need to be associated with. I believe my ability to orgasm has improved from Effexor to Prozac. I tend to sleep more than I should, but it 's better than tossing and turning. My motivation is at an all time low right now, I don 't know if it 's the Prozac or work. I gained weight initially,  but it 's coming off slowly and evening out. I would recommend Prozac,  it 's not as feeling/responsibility numbing as others meds.
The medication effected my appetite and I was free of ongoing hunger pangs. I have lost 40 lbs and am maintaining it. I wish it was not as expensive as it is. My health and energy level have improved, far outweighing periodic nausea and constipation issues.
I started nuvigil a week ago and I feel much better. I don 't feel so exhausted and run down and I don 't have to take naps. I am sleepingredients 8 hours at night and am awake an average of 5 hours more each day vrs days when I dont take my medication. In other words life changing for mw
I have been on Depakote for 10 years. I can tell that it does calm me down. As most people are saying in this forum it does make me very tired. The symptoms that I have had for 10 years are extra sweating, (it seems to be coming from my scalp and down my face). Weight gain that I can 't seem to lose, and I 'm wondering if anyone else has a ringing or drumming in one or both ears. I 've been to many Doctors just about my ear but they can 't find anything wrong. 
I am dx 'd with bipolar II plus other psych diagnoses and have tried multiple meds since 2004 and all of them caused such horrible side effects that I couldn 't take them. Now in 2016 I am willing to try again. I fought my Dr for many years and she insisted that If I would only listen to her that I would feel much better and not have to suffer with my rollercoaster emotions. The down is so bad now that I finally couldn 't stand myself any longer so I  told her I 'm willing to try Seroquel. I took it for a month only to find out that it causes VERY low libido. I know that sanity is more important than a libido, but come on!!! Isn 't there an RX that works like Seroquel without the low libido effect? Help!!! otherwise this medicine is perfect.
This is definitely the pill for me. I suffer from pretty severe PMDD as a result of low estrogen. I used to spend two weeks out of the month with bad cramps and other PMS symptoms. During my actual period, I was rarely able to get myself out of bed in the morning.Now, I barely notice cramps at all during my period. I don 't have any of my other twenty-something symptoms. My sex drive has increased (I actually have one now!) and my family has commented on the fact that I 've been less moody.As far as complaints:I have gained a few pounds as a result of food cravings. I 'm definitely hungrier more frequently than I used to be. My stomach will growl just two hours after a large meal.I 've definitely responded well to Levora.
I started taking this pill over a year ago and nothing has changed hormonally for me. In the mornings if I don 't eat at a certain time I do get nauseated and throw up but my cycle has always been on time and consistent. Maybe gained 10 pounds most but with exercise it helps. I have a very sensitive body and this is perfect for me. However it may not work for some people. Worst side effect I 've had is not really sleeping might get five to six hours
This works well and fast. The biggest problems are that the medicine doesn 't last for a long amount of time, and if taken too much the effectiveness will decrease. However, for moderate to severe panic suffers I recommend this highly.
Well I just took the first dose and diluted a lot. Called doc cause I could not take the taste thought I was going to vomit but didn 't sure hope it works soon.
It is a fine medicine for depression but gives me nausea.
I switched from Bentyl to this because this is an extended release formula.  I tried it for 5 months and went back to Bentyl.  It didn 't work any better and it dried me out so much I could hardly swallow.  After a bad flare up, I ended up at the ER and they thought I was very dehydrated but I wasn 't, it was just the medicine.  I am going to talk with my GP about using something with phenobarbital as I have heard a lot of positive things about it.  I already take a migraine medicine with phenobarbital, so I should tolerate it well.
Since I 've been changed to Viread/ Epivir/ + Kaletra, my viral load has remained constantly Undetecable for ~4 Yrs;  my T-cell count went from 210 to 325 very quickly; in the last year, with no changes to anything my V-load remains undetectable &amp; my T-cell count has soared to 725!!!  Sounds fantastic.  However, during this same period of rapid TC rise I have slowly become more &amp; more tired, weak, &amp; my bones ache from head to toe.  I no longer have the strength to ride my horse or even do the yard work.  My Doctor believes I may be suffering from Lactic Acidosis.  But he is convinced that it is because of the Viread ~ NOT because of the Kaletra.  I will now be replacing Viread with Abacavir &amp; CONTINUE taking Kaletra.   Hope it works.
I 'm 24 &amp; been on depo for 7 straight years. I got on it young so it wasn 't to be used as a contraceptive but to help my very heavy periods. I bleed heavily  7 days straight, ridiculous cramps and migraines. I actually spotted for 3 months straight when I started it!! I was ready to call it quits when all of a sudden my periods stopped completely after! I was elated. No more cramps! I started to spot around the time for my next shot,  for a few years but as of now I never bleed. I may get light cramps for a day. I never experienced any weight gain or craziness from it. However, I do now suffer from depression and constant irritability... But my life and work is very stressful so I don 't feel like it 's the depo but it could be worsening it.
I 've been on generic Wellbutrin xl 300 for 12 years . I was trying to quit smoking &amp; this was recommended as it was also being marketed as Zyban at the time. For me, it helped with cravings and depression and I 've never picked up another cigarette.  There are 2 things that bother me.  I cannot sleep without also taking Trazodone. I just drift in and out of a light sleep otherwise. The other thing that may or may not be related to WB is that I have chronic constipation.  I say may or may not because I 'm scared to get off of WB to see if that 's what 's causing it.  Different drugs work differently on different people of course but, like another person suggested, it also kept me from gaining weight until menopause. Hope this helps.
Great results.
Reading the mixed reviews here, the first thing that jumped out was people have problems swallowing.  This has happened to me quite a bit recently, using metroprolol succ ER 25 mg daily, for about 2 years now.  I did have great success in reducing my pulse (130 resting pulse for 20 years, adjust to 90 now).  Overall I was happy with it, but now somewhat concerned with long term use.
I 'm 39 years old and I 've been experience high BP for a few months - 190/140.  I was on Effexor and dr immediately took me off that and replaced with Viibryd and added the Bystolic 10mg.  Definitely feeling better...no more heart beats THUMPING in my head.  Been a bit dizzy/lightheaded, but I 'm contributing that to the change in anti-depressant, but after reading everthing...not quite sure.  I 've had some loose bowels too, but who cares as long as the my pounding heartbeat is gone.  I never felt bad before, but the medicines have given me some peace of mind.
Effective at controlling burning and itching of hand dermatitis.
Benign Prostate Hyperplasia for about 5 years. Flomax worked but horrible side effects (muscle aches,dizzy, stomach pain, dreams) so switched to Rapaflo about 8 months ago, works very well on small tab of 4 mg, but some side effects, dry sex, lack of interests (which at 65 isn 't that bad) so I quit medicine for 3 weeks but my flow is soslow I developed infection, so then I start again for a month or so, but this time I am developing heart pain and stomach churning, gas. etc. with it so don 't know whatsnext. 
Was in a horrific motor vehicle accident, broke spine, pelvis in 5 places, total separation of spine and pelvis, right/left arm, left ankle and left hip, I now have Fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue syndrome, bulging disk, scoliosis and spinal stenosis. I took Lorcet 10/650 for several years with no relief.  I didn 't want to take the very strong pain medicines so I finally found an awesome pain Dr. That started me on Percocet 10/325 this has made a world of difference in my life.  I 've gone from non-functioning due to overwhelming pain to now functioning. I 've had no side effects at all. I also have permanent nerve damage. This medication in conjunction with Soma 350 greatly helps keep fibromyalgia relaxed, eases  pain, I 'm never pain free, I don 't expect to be.
I have been using the patch for over 3 years now. It is the first birth control method I chose, because I was afraid of forgetting to take a pill every day, and it sounded easier than other forms of birth control.When I placed the patch on my stomach that it gave me cramps/nausea,  so I alternate butt cheeks instead. This also: keeps it hidden, the edges of the patch have excess adhesive, so it sticks to underwear rather than clothes, and the underwear/swimsuit keeps it in place if sweaty/wet.At 30 yrs, 5 '11 and 150 lbs, I 've gained about 10 lbs in the past 3 years, so probably unrelated to the patch. My biggest complaint is that my occasional headaches have become bad migraines, so I may look at other options. Loved it until now.
I 've tried MS Contin a few times over the years and finally given up. What I really liked was good pain control without the euphoria or crash of IR products like oxycodone. What I didn 't like was, after a few weeks, developing hallucinations and delusions that were so... real. I actually listed it as an allergy on my med records. Others tolerate it well. I 'm not them though. Morphine derivatives like Dilaudid cause me no problems. It sucks, and is terrifying, to wake up convinced the bed is covered in spiders, to the point of seeing them. Not for me.
I took 150 mg Wellbutrin XR (bupropion) for about three or four years. My doc upped the medicine to 300 mg and with that came a twitching side effect. This side effect actually went unnoticed for a while but then it started becoming more pronounced with time. It only affected my face which made it scarier. Stuttering, trouble swallowing, and Tourette-like uncontrollable movements on the right side of my face were some of my experiences. I have to say this medicine worked very well for me for a long time. I would even encourage others to use this medicine but everyone is different and the 300 mg dose just pushed my body over the edge.
It works great, however, it did stop working for me after the first month. Apparently. I was on a low dosage once per day, but now I have put on the appropriate dosage, but because I am &quot;backed up&quot; I am taking Miralax to get things moving again, hopefully. Then I am to start back on Amatiza at this dosage which is appropriate for OIC. 24mcg 2 times per day with a full glass of water. So I hope it works again. When it was working, it was great. I went to the bathroom like normal!
I just started taking this medication yesterday. My craving have subsided which is great. No adverse side effects as of yet but one thing I notice is my mood is brighter. I believe this medication is in the same family as many antidepressants. I am a psychiatric RN and never would have considered myself depressed, but I feel better and brighter since taking this medication. I am not sure if my Health Plus will cover any of my future prescriptions but I will be willing to pay the cost. My goal, of course, is to lose weight. It is too early to determine if that will happen, but I intend to keep posting the progress.
I started contrave 6 days ago.   I was concerned at first reading all of the reviews.   I wasn 't expecting much.  The first few days I didn 't change my diet.   I increased my water.   What I have noticed is that I am less hungry.  I am not eating the full meal because I get full.   I 'm down 7 lbs in 6 days.    Yes I have had some side effects mostly Dry mouth!   That just helps me drink more water. So far I Am happy with it.
I 've been on this birth control for about three or four months now. My doctor prescribed it because I was getting to the point where I was sexually active frequently and she said this one was good, and it is! for pregnancy prevention, at least. But, it has a few downsides. This medication makes me very prone to panic attacks, mood swings, and depressed states. When I start a new pack, I always get a little nauseous and  I bloat easily. It 's very on and off for period regulation. Sometimes I 'm light, sometimes heavy, sometimes no period at all. That being said, my acne is gone and I 'm not pregnant and my cramping is minimal. Does it 's job, but not for everybody.
Very effective but couldn 't handle all the visits to the loo. After too many visits to the toilet I cut down to one a day. I ate two virtually fat free meals for breakfast and lunch and then took just one pill with my evening meal. Stopped me snacking completely, fear of accidents! steady weight loss approximately 1kg per week. Very good but stock up on the toilet roll. Taking one pill with just my evening meal means that my toilet trips are evening/night. This suited my lifestyle much better as don 't have the kind of job where I can be dashing off every five minutes!
I have been fighting nail fungus for over 30 years;( I 've tried grisefulvin, lamisil and then jublia in 2015. I did jublia for 10 months and then got severe skin reaction. Intense itching, blisters etc. The podiatrist had me soaking my feet, trying this cream etc. I went off jublia let my skin get back to normal which took a few months. I just restarted back on it after over a year off because its the only thing that has worked. The itching returned immediately I am trying to manage it.
I have SLE, and I tend to contract UTI 's pretty easily. Usually they 'll give me Keflex or Flagyl, both of which don 't seem to cut it. My current primary started prescribing it about a year and a half ago, and now I specifically ask for it. I had an AWFUL UTI for over a week, finally got to ER today, within a few hours, the worst of the symptoms were residing.... the burning, constant urge, abdominal and lower back pain/pressure. Honestly, I would give it 10 stars, but relief often comes at a price, although for me, they 're temporary side effects - bad migraines, yeast infections, worsened photo-sensitivity, drowsiness. All medications have potential side effects. Communicate with your doctor &amp; make sure it 's right for YOU.
I used Deep relief cream 4 times a day. It took time and had a little bit of walking outside or at the gym slowly to kind of help the muscle move a bit. Stretching is also good! Back spasms are really bad. I hope you guys recover and good luck!
I did my liletta insertion during my menstrual cycle and my doctor said thats fine cuz the insertion will be easier since my cervix or uterus will be more open and I did feel a tiny pinch. The nurse held my hand during that part and after that it was over. It took five minutes and than I went home. Because I had my period when  I got my liletta inserted cramping and pain was normal for me..but afterwards spotting is still there and I have mild cramps and back pain. I am in week 4 so its still too early for me to say if I like it  but for now its on and off but I am not bothered. I know everyone is different. I have 3 children so I don 't plan to have anymore and I am 30 so this birth control works for me for now.
I have been on Rapaflo for 2 weeks. Prior to taking Rapaflo my urine stream was weak. It is now far stronger, I can pee twice as quickly on average. Very impressive. Flomax caused me to be dizzy, Rapaflo doesn 't. Two side effects; 1) as many others have written, absolutely NO sperm during ejaculation (a really weird thing, and I am glad I read this forum otherwise I would have panicked). 2) Nose bleeds that last 5 minutes, probably due to the pill lowering blood pressure and/or thinning the blood.
The day one two pills does tend to wipe out the bacteria in my gut.  After having stomach issues on the first night of the first time, I do take a probiotic and one immodium at night.  First time I took this it wiped the infection in 48 hours. Second time 11 months later it did not work quite so well. Infection greatly decreased but did come back 5 days later.  I think part of the problem was that I still had a virus and mold allergy problems from rain as well as an infection so had trouble eliminating congestion.  I took a 5 day dosage and did have symptoms reoccur in a week. I do think it would have worked better if I had not had these additional issues related to a virus and allergies.
My 6.5 yr old son takes 5mg XR on school days only.has been on it for 30 school days.  He does great in school and it appears a miracle help to him. It does seem to wear off too early so I will talk to the Dr. About that next week. When he comes home from school and we try to do his homework it is a nightmare. He has a very mild case of ADHD.  He eats well so far. He sleeps better and longer now than he did before starting the medicine. But a few weeks ago he told me he feels his heart beating fast and pains in his left side in physical education. Took him for a complete cardio. Check with EkG, ultrasound and all kinds of other tests. He checked out in perfect condition. So we will keep an eye out and see.
I had Lyme disease and a subsequent RA dx, I have been on Plaquenil for 7 months. 200mg 2x a day and now 1x day, It has helped a great deal.I was also taking Collagen and a few herbs for inflammation, I am doing much much better and able to do a lot of things I thought I never would again, I have occasional stiffness but it 's hardly an issue,,, On the downside, I do have bad nightmares, not all the time but they are something I am not happy about, Anecdotally, they may be correlated to Alcohol, I occasionally get nausea and headaches as well but the headaches are mild and only once a week or so.Fingers crossed that the side effects diminish and that this drug keeps on keeping on,,, I am 55 ...best to you all  D
I 've been on Benicar HCT for 10 or more years. Have tried Losartan and water pills, but never trusted them enough to stick with them. Always back to the Benicar, and now with my insurance costing $240.00 for 90 pills. My side effects have been slight and so far worth the benefit in reduction of B/P. Just read other reviews on this site. One mentioned a weird noise like Morse code in his head. I get that frequently and have only recently come up with a way to describe it, sorta like an arching sound. The Morse code description fits also. Other than that, I 've had some slight dizziness &amp; sinus drainage. Now I 'm soon to try the Olmasartan HCT. Mostly because of the price. With my insurance the Olmasartan will cost $20.00 for the 90 pills.
I am 58, married father of 2.  I had a major crash about a month ago.  Got addicted to gambling and finally told my wife, then the crash.  I have always had some anxiety throughout my life.  Nothing like this.  Been on it for 4 days, tired and sleep is so so.  My hope is that given more time I will see more benefits.  Right now it 's a struggle to see getting better and tough for my son to see his Dad suffering. Dr says 1-2 weeks to see full benefits.
i have lost over 10 pounds in 2 weeks and have had no problem with them at all... I am sticking to low fat labels and cutting out all the bad stuff, the tablets are great because it gets you in the mindset of knowing that theres consequences if you have a lot of fat.
I have herniated disc, osteoarthritis, degenerative disc disease, spinal stenosis, bone spurs, and more...I have been taking Norco 10/325 for 3 months now and have surgery coming up in June...spinal fusion and laminectomy of lumbar L4 L5.  Without this medication I would not be able to get out of bed most of my days and am very thankful to have somewhat of a quality of life.  I only take the entire 10 occasionally and break them in half to manage my pain.  I do occasionally get light headed and nauseated but I have found that I can avoid this by eating small meals throughout the day and drinking lots of water.
Lamictal has helped with the extreme highs; now they are at a normal level. But that being said, it has only helped the lows a little bit. The lows are still pretty low, so I wish Lamictal helped a little more with that. But I don 't experience any (noticeable) side effects, so that 's great. I would definitely recommend this!
It hits with a stomach pain but after taking it days ago. I feel more better. Make sure you 'll take the medicine with a heavy meal. You truly feel it cleanse.
It helps you see the bright side of life and calm down.
There is no medication that will work with 100% accuracy. And this one is the same, I truly hate needles and this has definitely helped me to keep my levels normal with less poking at my skin. You have no idea how hard it is to have diabetes and hate injections.
My Husbend is overweight.  We took this drug to help him lose weight.  However everyone in his family has diabetes or pre-diabetes.  His A1C at the time was 5.7 and he weighed about 210.  He is 5.6.  The weight should be 165-170.  I don 't know however if we took the brand name or a generic form.  I also don 't remember the amount he took.  Anyway, he lost like 5-10 pounds on it and after that no more.  But we saw around that time a rise in his estrogen from 35 to 49.  The lab say that it should be up to 40.  When we married 2 years prior, it was 35.  So I knew what it was to begin with.  I can 't say for sure that metaphorine did it.  However,  we got off of it and now one year later it went back to 35.  Trace your estrogen before taking this
I see so many people here rating this medicine as a lifesaver, and especially thankful because it allows them to play with their kids. Its the same for me. I still have a very low quality of life and spend a lot of time in bed, but without it I would barely be human.
I have suffered from panic attacks for about 12 years.  Because I have a brother who became addicted to xanax and ended up detoxing in a hospital I have been afraid of all medication.  After a major scare concerning a health issue I found I could no longer ignore the consequences of the attacks.  I have lost 20 lbs in 5 years and am now very underweight.  I had no appetite and dreaded meals.  I started taking Celexa 3 weeks ago and the change is amazing.  I still wake up in the middle of the night and I do have very vivid dreams.  However, now when I wake up and do not go into a panic attack.  I am eating 3 meals a day.  The only side effects I have are headaches and constipation.  I would recommend this medicine.
Seroquel did not work for me; I went up to 400 mg and felt like a zombie. Now, I 've taken Seroquel XR 300 for 1 1/2 years. I 've seen my anxiety level go to  'normal '. But, it is necessary for me to plan the time I take the medication to avoid slurred speech in the morning; it needs to be in my system at least 11 hours it seems.  Constipation is severe enough to take laxatives everyday.  My husband has to keep reminding me the positives outweigh the side effects by far.  Then I stop and think and know that is true.
I am on Lyrica 150 mg a day, but it started to lose it 's effectiveness after about 5 months. I can 't afford to see the doctor or get more Lyrica. I tried Cymbalta for my PMDD and hoped that it might help my pain too.  My pain was almost completely gone after about 2 days of use!  However, I started getting sores on my tongue, emotional numbness, and had zero libido. I stopped using it after about 7 days, and the pain came back worse than ever (I believe I had been overdoing it those few days).  I seriously considered putting up with the side effects just to get some pain relief, but I 'm trying bupropion XL first.
I was prescribed 1 week ago and seen an immediate improvement although I started feeling more anxious all day so I am now on Xanax instead of Klonopin, which I was originally on. I started with 500mg for 3 days then 1000 and now 1500 but I feel much more stable but I definitely feel hungry all the time. I was on Lamictal previously and I believe that made my disorder worse. I feel great now.
I am 37 year old female who has been suffering from Irritable Bowel Syndrome-C for almost a year now. I went from having a bowel movement every 5 to 7 days to having one daily on this medication. I 've been taking it for a month now and it started working right away. I do not have to run to the bathroom like some users have mentioned. You take it in the morning and about 30 to 60 minutes later it creates a movement. It has been so wonderful to feel &quot;normal&quot; again. However, the two draw backs I have noticed are, one, it doesn 't really help with bloating (which is probably my main complaint), and the cost is an issue. I have three months of free samples then the cost is right around $200 a month.
Recently diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and started out with metformin. Metformin did nothing to control my blood sugar. Was put on Victoza and within 3 days blood sugars were normal but have terrible indigestion with horrible rotten egg smell. Got to talk to my doc about that. But I have lost 30 pounds in 2 months while on Victoza. No nausea. But I don 't have an appetite which has caused me to eat way less food. Im taking the 1.6 mg dose. Overall satisfied with the medicine but I have read reports of a lot of people getting cancer in their pancreas and thyroids.
Lo-Seasonique is a good birth control, and awesome to not have a period for 3 months. I had stopped taking birth control for a year because of migraines, they improved and then worsened again. MD put me on Lo-Seasonique. Initially I had breakthrough bleeding, had never had problems before. I read up on it, and to all of you that have problems, change the time you are taking the pill and take it with/after food and/or something acidic (orange juice). The reason for a lot of breakthrough is high estrogen not being absorbed. Otherwise I have had minor cramping periodically if I miss ONE pill. I do notice a drop in sex drive, and just heavy feeling. But minor changes. Otherwise now almost a year on it, it 's awesome.
Whether or not PMDD is &quot;real,&quot; I have noticed that I went from experiencing these symptoms at FULL FORCE...to almost none at all. After 4 months of Yaz, I went from raging menstrual psycho to slightly irritable girlfriend. For this reason alone, I will recommend Yaz to anyone who feels they are affected by PMDD.
Have been using soolantra for 2 weeks after an initial breakout at day 2 things have rapidly improved. At 2 weeks my skin is the best it has been for 5 years, I am not only spot free but the inflammation and redness is showing significant improvement. To early to tell if it will have any effect on flushing but so far so good.
I take Tranxene 7.5 2x a day. It has helped my anxiety and panic attacks a great deal. Unfortunately my doctor feels like it is addictive so he is weaning me off of them as he slowly tapers me onto Buspar. Not sure how I feel about this because I 've always lived by the rule, leave well enough alone.
I have been on Depo-Provera for 4 shots (1 year) and I have had relatively little side effects. Before Depo I was on regular Ortho-Tricyclen pills and Ortho Lo. On both previous methods I definitely gained weight (at least 5-10 pounds) and was moody with total lack of libido. I also got headaches a lot - not really bad ones but annoying enough. When I went back to get my prescription refilled, I told the doctor about the headaches and that one of my eyes was becoming slightly nearsighted. From these two factors, she recommended the shot rather than the pill. I had slight spotting, then periods were gone after 2nd shot, no headaches, small weight gain, and still less interested in sex than I would like to be but no birth control is perfect. Try it.
Well I 'm halfway through week 2 and I am absolutely loving my life right now.  I lost my job in October and my wife in the same month.  I was severely depressed and experienced major anxiety as well. Today (1 week and 3 days in) I 'm laughing, being funny feeling awesome.  I also used to abuse alcohol.  I  started to drink to slow the thoughts that raced in my head down. Since being on this the focus is totally apparent. The motivation is apparent,  the memory is a little off, but remember I haven 't reached full efficacy. That should be 4-5 weeks max. Had some trembling in my hands heart palpation a bit nothing you can 't get through.  Smoking and drinking have both gone down 
This pill has so far prevented pregnancy successfully, even with missing occasionally.  The irregular periods do provide quite the scare but I 'm thankful for something during this breastfeeding stage.  Since I exercise, I haven 't noticed any weight gain or significant side effects after the first few days of taking it.
This continues my previous review, why I gave it a 7 when I 'd have given it a 1 last night...I have constipation, and it still worked.  I had a previous prep that didn 't quite do the job even after 2 self administered enemas before going in.  Saying that, I was in serious discomfort after the first Liter... my abdomen was huge and hard and hurt and I didn 't go to the bathroom for almost 3 hours.  So for all you constipated ones, hope you read beforehand... I 'd get things moving before this prep and eat what you know will move easier out the other end for a few days beforehand.
I got the Mirena placed about a week ago. I am 19 and have never had kids before. I previously was on two separate birth control pills for two years but decided on something more long term. Prior to insertion, NOBODY informed me to take any pain medicine beforehand. Not only did it hurt worse than any pain I 've ever had before, but I passed out and vomited immediately after insertion. After about an hour of drinking straight water, the cramps were hardly bearable but I went home. Moderate to severe cramping the first couple of days but have since subsided. For 5 years of protection the pain is worth it, just do your research and be prepared.
I have had mild acne since high school but midway through college I began to develop cystic acne around my jaw line and cheeks that only got worse once I graduated. I had tried tons of remedies and otc medications. I finally broke down and went to a dermatologist when I couldn 't bare to let people see my skin. He placed me on 3 months of 100mg 1x a day and a morning sulfur wash and a nightly benzoyl peroxide wash. It has been 2.5 months and I have to say it 's working! The first month was HORRIBLE. I have never seen my skin so bad. Just red and swollen from the acne. I was miserable and very tempted to stop taking the medication. I figured I have nothing to lose by just continuing and I 'm so glad I did.
I 've been taking Lexapro 10mg (5mg at first to build up slowly) for about 6 weeks.  I did feel nauseous for a few days. I noticed a change about a week after starting.  I take lithium and Wellbutrin- but those only seemed to help my anxiety.  I still had intermittent depression- I would just get into these moods where one little thing would put me in a fog of sadness and hopelessness.  I cried a lot, was distracted, and had a lot of negative racing thoughts.  My provider recommended Lexapro since it works on a different neurotransmitter than Wellbutrin.  I just feel normal.  I don 't feel like things are dulled - just that I can control my reaction better.  I can feel sad, but I don 't feel depressed. I don 't dwell on feeling sad.
I think this is a great medication for Bipolar!
I had Skyla placed about 4 months ago. I have had a child naturally before, so that may have come into play for my placement. I came into the doctor 's office while on my period, and the experience was uneventful. One uncomfortable pinch that lasted less than a second, and I was done. It probably helped that I was joking with the assistant the whole time, vs focusing on any pain. I didn 't take any advil or anything, and after my appointment I went and got tattooed for 3 hours.  I have experienced longer spotting at the ends of my periods (usually a 4 day period, followed by a week or so of spotting). It 's annoying, but I have zero other side effects, so I like it. Hubby can occasionally feel it, but overall we like it.
I find Auryxia superior to Phoslo and Renvella.  In particular the additional Iron has allowed me to stop taking IV Iron and avoid Anemia.  The Renvella also caused excessive farting  The Auryexia does cause flatulance but less so.  Now, why the heck can 't Keryx make enough of it to meet demand?
I have DDD. Fibromalgia...chronic pain issues. Pinched nerve In lower back ,fushion in neck with nerve damage issues... I am taking belbuca 300 MCG 2 times a day and for the first time in years I have my pain under control with the only side effect constipation ( which can be remedied)  I love belbuca and yes I 've tried a bunch of other medication s....it works great for me!
The blue one prescribed to me was 3mg. Swallow as soon as it hits tongue or the taste will haunt you several hours. This pill shuts me down fast and only one was needed but it made my shoulder and elbow joints ache the next day.
I 'm 18, I got pregnant in the Summer of 2015. I lost the baby about a month and a half ago due to Hydrops and I 've been doing okay since. My doctor recommended the Mirena IUD and I thought it 'd be a good prevention of pregnancy seeing as getting pregnant again probably wouldn 't be the best thing for my future and taking a pill everyday didn 't seem good seeing as I 'm a very forgetful person. The reviews I 've read seemed absolutely terrible and I was pretty freaked out but I got the IUD 2 days ago and so far so good. The pain varies from person to person so I can 't say it won 't be painful, mine just felt like period cramps and then some mild pains after as if they were normal cramps but not terrible; no mood swings. Hoping it works for me.
I rarely take it but it has saved me from a few panic attacks. Makes me a bit sleepy but overall the side Effects are tolerable. I actually find 0.5mg effective.
I 've been a chronic pain patient for 13 years. I currently take 128 mgs of Exalgo ER daily and 1-2, 8mg Dilaudid IR PRN no more than 6 tabs per day. I 'm very familiar with constipation. When offered movantik 25mg every morning, I happily took it and within a day I was going easily but with a cramp pain. After a few more days, my guts started killing me so I stopped taking movantik. 11 days later severe constipation returns. Doc and I think since I 've such a high tolerance my gut experienced physical withdrawal so today starting on ~8mg (~1/3 of 25mg tab) every 2-3 days. Anyone else taking Movantik similarly?
I 've been on Sprintec for the past year, and I gave the drug 7/10 because it has been effective when it comes to birth control. I 've gained 5ish pounds, have mood swings that are manageable, low sex drive, vomiting (after starting a new pack), and mild breakouts. These seem like normal side effects with estrogen based pills, but are super new to me coming from the Depo Shot. I know a lot of people that take Sprintec and LOVE it, but its not my favorite... Free with insurance though!
Used Lyricia for treatment of shingles.  Have had shingles for almost four months. Symptoms began with terrible burning in both breast 's and in back directly behind each breast.  I started taking Lyrica twice a day (every 12 hours) for about a week and get much relief for about 10 hours.  Then the burning sensations return.Started a couple of new drugs today in addition to the Lyrica.  Hope to get serious relief and complete recovery.
Works great. I feel like myself again- positive, energetic, interest in activities has returned.
Taking Tramadol for damaged cartilage and patella tendonitis. Works fairly well for pain. It seems  to take a while to kick in. I 've been extremely irritable since starting to take it. Overall a fairly decent experience.
I think I was suffering from topical steroid withdrawal, and tried to get off of them once my skin was dry, red, and flaky. I thought I was out of options until I remembered the Protopic generic, tacrolimus. I asked my doctor about it, and she was able to prescribe it to me. So far, it 's cleared up my skin, although I do I have red skin on my thighs. I get itchy and keep causing more eczema or sores due to scratching, and I 'm unaware of the allergens causing it. It does burn, and I 'm odd, I think it feels good sometimes, especially in the winter. I recommend it for eczema sufferers, because I 've used it in the past, and it 's worked, and as an adult now, it 's working again for me. Topical steroids have failed me.
I 've been on this medication for a week to treat my low grade depression which has manifested itself primarily with erectile dysfunction and insomnia.  I am 22.  Within 48 hours, I slept through the night for the first time in months.  Much of the sexual difficulties I had experienced prior to taking the Pristiq (which is the first antidepressant I 've been on) went away within the same time period.I 'm yawning a lot despite not being particularly tired and I 'm clenching my jaw a lot.  I 'm more focused, excited about my sex life and just being able to sleep through the night for once is a God send.  If these are the worst side effects I have to deal with, I 'll be happy.
Chest pain ,Trembling inside Body ,Dizziness,
After a failed back surgery, my orthopedic surgeons kept telling me I %u201Cshould%u201D be walking again. I could not get out of the wheel chair I had been in for over 12 weeks without assistance. And once out of it, I could not walk without severe pain. The docs eventually found bone fragments had been pushed INTO my spine rather than being removed before bone cement was used to repair my crushed vertebrae.  While they could %u201Ctry%u201D to remove them and redo the surgery, the chances of my not being able to walk, ever, were far too high to justify the risk of surgery. A brilliant pain management specialist in LA found the combination of Dilaudid and Morphine worked well for me. After starting pain medications, I was able to stand and eventually to walk again.
This definitely works to clear up nasal congestion, but I took it at 5:30pm and was up all night.  I haven 't been able to sleep at all.  It 's now 4:30am &amp; I 'm still wide awake.  I have to go to work so will be taking another dose in an hour to keep me up.  I will not take a 2nd dose later today so I can sleep but I look forward to being able to breath while I 'm at work so still worth taking the medicine.
I am on day 14 of using Carac. My face is extremely red, tight, itchy and a little sore, but I 've had serious eczema in the past and this isn 't nearly as bad as that was. It took about a week to show up on my forehead but then a couple more days they started intensifying on my cheeks, chin and sides of my face.  It is a little unsightly but once I explained to people what was going on and that it wasn 't permanent or contagious they seemed to relax.  I tried Vaseline for moisturizing but that seems too greasy.  Products with zinc oxide in them seem to give me relief and protect me from the sun as well.  Please do not spend ANY time in the sun when using this.  The doctor told me it could permanently make your skin darker in those areas!
I found xenical while googling weight loss pills in a desperate need to loose weight. My first 3 days I experienced my first side effect but in the 8 days I 've been on it I noticed if I don 't eat fatty foods I won 't get the bad side effects. So I 've been on it for 8 days and lost 2 kgs and 5 inches off my waist. Don 't know if its me not eating fatty food or the pill but I think its both. Mind you I only take it an hour after dinner. I 'm happy with the way its going so far.
Been on Opana now for roughly 1.5 years.  Stool movement is difficult and most of the time you feel bloated.  With that being said, pain is not problem with current medication.  2x 20mg ER (Morning, Night) with 4 x 10mg IR for break through pain.  I have L5 S1 area problems.  Sweats are also difficult at times in heat.  
I went to the doctors because of abnormal bleeding and got a urine test for chlamydia. He called me about a week later saying that I tested positive and needed to pick up a prescription for one dosage of two 500mg tablets. It was about an hour and a half later when I started feeling nauseous and had cramping. I went to the toilet and feel like I pooped all the liquids out of me (it was not pleasant). Now it 's been about 5 hours since then and I 'm still feeling a little off and have cramping but it 's bearable. Hope everyone is alright and chlamydia free!
I am a 34 year smoker.  I am on my 4th week of Chantix. Could not quit on &quot;quit date&quot; because my urges were just  too strong to resist still.  I have cut down from a pack a day to 5-8 cigarettes a day.  I am scared it won 't work and I won 't be able to quit.  The cigarettes I am smoking now are because of the strong physical urges, the &quot;habit&quot; urges are gone. They don 't really taste good anymore though and there is no satisfaction when I do smoke, but I can 't seem to stop these last cigarettes that I am smoking now.  I still have another whole box of Chantix to take though, so we 'll see.
Everyone here has been complaining about this medication which has gotten me a little anxious as I am in the process of waiting for the effect. I took two tablets at around 6pm and around 9:30 my stomach was grumbling insanely passing wind for about half an hour. I melting toilet thinking I needed to go but i didn 't. Then all of a sudden around 10pm I was in so much pain I was crouching down from the cramps and went straight to the bathroom and had a bowel movement. i am aware I might get a few more bowel movements throughout the night but at this moment I 'm hoping the pain isn 't as unbearable as earlier before. Right now I feel quite relaxed after the first session on the toilet. Honestly feeling great after taking it.
I have loved using Gianvi, I started it 7 months ago when I was married. My periods are regular however, I never bloated or gained weight. However I have never been such an emotional type until I started taking this pill, and As time went on I have noticed I get a lot of migraines and often dizziness and I am almost certain it is because of this pill, it 's bitter sweet but I will be switching to another brand to see if anything changes.
I had my first seizure over 3 years ago at the age of 23. Upon receiving a MRI scan I learned that I had a brain tumor called pleomorfic xantro Astro sytoma. After having it removed I was put on Keppra XR 1500mg twice a day and have been seizure free ever since. However recently I have been having new side effects appear. At first the only side effect I had was exhaustion and occasional insomnia however over the past two weeks I have had tingling sensations on my scalp and bouts of vertigo and I am very scared about what this could mean I hope everyone else is doing well.
The Nuvaring was perfect for me except for ONE thing- it caused me to have a yeast infection. I didn 't know that I had an infection (my symptoms were one spot that was really itchy and fishy smelling discharge for about two-four days every month) and I left it untreated for months which caused it to be horrible (well, I don 't know if the Nuvaring made it horrible or me leaving it untreated caused that). When I finally went to the GYNO I had to go off of it and immediately be put on yeast pills and I had to put a cream on twice a day for three weeks. It also caused me to have an increase in vaginal discharge so I just wore pantyliner everyday. Outside of those things, it was great. No acne, weight gain, mood swings, or nausea.
I take lorazepam for social anxiety. It seems to help. I feel more relaxed and talkative when I take it.  It also helps me with severe depression.
Mood has lifted after years of trying different antidepressants. Only on 10mg for 14 days so far and already feel a difference. Happy.
From day one, my mood immediately improved. I felt happier and more energized and started enjoying life again. The problem I have with this medication, however, is that about an hour or two after taking, I am overcome with extreme exhaustion and have to sleep immediately. I can afford this thanks to the discount card, making it around $30 a month.
I have taken 200mg Bupropion SR (100mg twice a day, eon/sandoz blue pill) for about a month for depression.  (Lethargy, fatigue, trouble with focus and memory). And it worked great, I had energy, feel focused and alert etc.  Only downside was that after 3 weeks I started having insomnia.  So at my 1 month followup, my doctor switched me to 150mg Bupropion XL (1 pill in the morning, global pharm yellow pill.)  I was fine the first morning on the new pill, but by 2pm I couldn 't concentrate and by 6pm I was having headaches and anxiety (both symptoms I haven 't had in the past.)  So I 'll put in my vote for generics are different enough that you might do well on one and poorly on another.
Have been using caverjet for six years now,at the begining it was great .injecting 20mg .however what the manufacture. Does,not tell you is each time you inject the needle causes scarring to the penis wall.after about five years I found it was taking longer to pee. I did not link the two together. However recently Visited a consultant and informed him of my condition.he then told me this can happen. So advise me to now take muse.not so effective as the injections.
I have been on these meds for about 3 months now for anxiety on 150 mg. At first I felt on top of the world it was great to go on with my day with reduced anxiety. But I still felt some unpleasant adrenaline so I confirmed with my doc to increase to 300mg hoping it would completely eliminate the adrenaline that was left. After 2 weeks on 300mg I became severely depressed and still feel that minor adrenaline. I will go back to the 150mg again and go back for a reassessment.
I sadly got chlamydia again and was once again prescribed two 500mg tablets to be taken at once. After about an hour of taking them I felt like I was going to die, my stomach hurt so bad I couldn 't walk and taking deep breaths hurt so bad, its a stomach pain i wouldnt wish on anyone. I 'm surprised I didn 't throw up because I came so close to losing it like 4 times. Please use protection from now on, I know I will. CAUTION!! DO NOT HAVE ANYTHING PLANNED FOR AT LEAST 3-4 HOURS AFTER TAKING!!
My period was always a little weird. It usually would skip a month, I 'd have it the next month, but it usually only lasted a few days. I took the pill early May within hours of my boyfriend 's condom breaking. I got my period a few days later and it was early. About a week after it stopped it started again around my normal time. I didn 't think any thing of it but I 've now had four periods within a month.
Follow up:  so it 's been 1 month and I have had some bleeding everyday single day.   My first period after insertion was much heavier and I had cramps (one particular tough day) but spotting ever since.   I was a little worried  if the Mirena is in the correct position and the gynaecologist says every thing appears fine and my lining is thinning correctly and that I should notice the spotting will come less frequently so I 'm going to stick with it and hope that everything  goes as she says it will.   I 've had no weight gain but my skin had had some minor trouble but other than that and the spotting everyday I feel great and am happy with my decision.
Had undiagnosed pain for years, until my Doctor sent my blood work to Berkley Heart Labs. Turns out I have Collagen Vascular Disorder and Fibrinogen. Tried Lyrica, no help and hated the side effects. Then he gave me a trial pack of Savella...It took a little over a month, but I began to feel NORMAL again (which I forgot what that even felt like)  I have experienced some side effects...mostly hot flashes, which I thought were due to being premenopausal. But I 'm moving, walking, feeling up beat! ( I continue with 20mg of Paxil). I am able to do things I never thought would be possible again!
Already posted about my side effects from the pill but that was before I got my period so I wanted to share the rest of my experience. Did not get my period until exactly 1 month after taking plan b. Had a terrible headache and nausea all day, which isn 't a common PMS thing for me. It was 2 weeks late! I know it 's hard but don 't stress, it will do weird things to your body. Good luck!!
I have been on Bydureon since Jan 2013.  I have been able to stop taking all of my other oral medicines.  My blood sugar is great.  My doc told me to take the medicine out of the refrigerator 15 minutes before mixing. Has helped with the bumps. Once per week is GREAT.
I am finishing my second month of Loestrin and like it overall.  I was on Lo Loestrin for 2 months and it was not working out (breakthrough bleeding, cramping, bloating), so my doctor switched me to this pill.  I still have had breakthrough bleeding (more like just spotting) for the last two weeks of every month, but the &quot;period&quot; at the end is practically nonexistent with no cramps, which is great.  I have noticed a bit of water retention, but nothing green tea and extra water can 't solve. I 've also had some occasional nausea, but nothing too bad, and it passes quickly.  And I 've gained 1/2 a cup size.  Overall I 'll stick with this pill and hope the spotting goes away in the next few months because that 's my only real complaint. 
This medication is really good. It lowers my blood pressure and prevents fluid retention. It has helped tremendously with those two areas. 
I am on my 3rd Mirena (replaced every 5 years). Every insertion has been excruciatingly painful; this last time, dare I say was WORSE! I was teary-eyed, breathing through it while also screaming intermittently as my dr inched it into place; and for whatever reason, I felt the pain on my right side. I fully expected spotting &amp; cramps for a few days after. Here I am now, just under 4-weeks later, with cramping and spotting almost daily. The cramps are on my right side, which is where the pain was during insertion. I have never had a problem before now. I 've used Mirena for over 10 years &amp; have always loved it. I just turned 40, so I 'm wondering if my body is responding differently due to hormonal fluctuations that come with age.
Me and my father are both sick and have been both taking Mucinex. It works well but we both have been experiencing very vivid and some what disturbing dreams.
For anyone taking this medication, do not take it with any kind of antidepressants or mood medication like Celexa, zoloft, tegretol, Xanax, or abilify. Definitely do not take it with ambien. It works wonders by itself, I 've been on it since 2005 it helps with the anxiety symptoms I get from my PTSD. Anytime I feel disoriented or way to anxious where I 'm throwing up, it usually takes about 30 to 40 minutes to work. But it 's better than the feeling of thinking that you are having a heart attack, because it 's just panic. Panic attacks can be managed many ways I use breathing techniques, (child breathing will not work lol) meditation, and medication. This is how I deal with that small aspect of my PTSD psychosis.
I 'm a runner, and I started taking electrolyte replacement tabs last month. They 've made a big difference in my life because I run a lot and now I cramp less and feel better while training. 
I was diagnosed with Bipolar II (with very few manifestations of depression) so mostly problems with mania. I started on 5mg at night for a week then went up to morning and night doses of 5mg. I did that for 2 days as the day time doses made me feel restless, uncomfortable, edgy, weird and sedated. I couldn 't stand it and would count down the time before it would wear off. Then I tried taking 10mg at night but then I couldn 't sleep. I would wake up exhausted for the 4th time in a night. Went back to just 5mg at night and this had little to no effect. I worried about weight gain but I lost weight- helped that I was extra cautious about what I ate. If  'increased appetite ' is listed I take extra measures with exercise and diet to stay healthy.
I switched to Beyaz about 4 years ago, after being on OrthoNovum. The first 3 months was tough. I recall having irritability, fatigue, discolored complexion, breakthrough bleeding during sex, etc. After that transition I felt fine. About 2 years ago my period began being lighter and lighter and evenutally went away. I asked my GYN if it was ok and she assured me that Beyaz may eliminate my period. At first I was displeased because I wanted a period to prove that I wasn 't pregnant each month. But when my gyno told me she can put me on something else to force a period, I told her no! Now with the new year, I discovered that my new RX plan doesnt cover ANY of the BEYAZ/RAJANI/SAFYRAL contraceptives. I 'm DOOMED!! :-(
I get a gout attack about twice a year.  Nalfon helps me to get through it without interrupting work.
I 'm 20 and haven 't truly felt happy since I was around 13 years old. Over the last year at work, I noticed that I had begun to have more regular emotional meltdowns and panic attacks. It was at that point that I decided I had to find a solution. I had already gone through counselling with various people and decided to try medication. Started at a low dose of 50mg per day. At the very beginning it made me a bit tired and nauseous, but it 's been a while and I 'm at 100mg. I think the 50 was pretty good, but at 100 I feel like I 'm living on autopilot and am emotionless toward many things. I 'm going back to 50mg and think I 'll only go up to 100mg when I really need it. TBH though, I would rather be numb than go through the depression from before.
Started on Crestor 5 mg a year and a half ago. It immediately lowered my Cholesterol by 60 points. No problems until 4 months ago. Started having heart palpitations, mainly at night which is when I took the Crestor. They got so severe, I would be up all night. After doing a lot of researching on the internet, I found that other people had experienced this too, so I stopped the medicine and haven 't had any palpitations since. My doc seems reluctant to believe this was the cause.
I have been taking Paxil for 5 months. My anxiety had gotten so bad that my wife took me to the ER at 3AM thinking I was having heart issues. I visited my doctor shortly after that and he prescribed Paxil. After a few days of taking it, I felt so much better - finally, relief! I didn 't even realize I had so many symptoms of anxiety until I was on Paxil. I feel better than I have in two years. HOWEVER, there are sexual side effects (decreased sex drive and difficulty achieving erection and ejaculation). Since I 'm a newly married man in my mid-twenties, these side effects are very frustrating. Other than that, this drug has been very effective in treating my anxiety.
I have been on the Depo shot for roughly 3 1/2 years, until recently, I 've had NO problems. The only tough part would be the week before the next shot, and the shot itself. Usually, about 1 week before my next shot, I would spot, nothing to messy or horrible, just very inconvenient for me. But ever since I missed my shot when I went to Sweden, shit has gotten real bad! Not only do I bleed 2-3 weeks prior my shot, but the flow can range from light to extreme heavy!!! This flow does not stop, no, not until 2 weeks AFTER the shot, does the faucet completely turn off. My recommendation, if it 's working for you, do NOT miss your Depo shot appointment!!! I believe that 's where everything went wrong!!
Me and my girl friend had a three some with some random chick. (Not advisable) was pretty inebriated so guessing we somehow contracted it even with the failed attempt at using condoms. Anyway we test positive for clap and I get two pills of azithromycin. I took the tablet about thirty min later then I start feeling really ill. Light headache, cramps. I go home lay down then I 'm running to the toilet with diahrrea. Hopefully this means it 's working lol. Gf had similar symptoms.
I had the implant put in August of 2015. Other than a few emotional moments and some numbness in my fingers I haven 't had any problems. I did get a period in December of 2015 for the first time since getting the implant. It hasn 't been a heavy period and blood is dark or brown in color with some small clotting. As long as the periods stop I think this implant is effective
I 've been on this nightly for about 4 years now because of back pain I don 't sleep well.  It does a good job of helping me sleep but now it is causing my eyes to become very dry so I will look for an alternative.
I have been taking narcotics for chronic pain for about 25 years now.  I started with Tylenol with codeine and have progressed through just about everything (morphine, oxycodone, Dilaudid, Oxycontin, Fentanyl patches, etc.).  My pain management doctor had me on 60 mg of Oxycontin 3 X daily and it worked (somewhat) for a while until I developed a tolerance and it too became ineffective.  So the doctor switched me to 16 mg. Exalgo 2 X daily.  I was resistant at first, mainly because of reducing the number of doses per day but after I took it for a few days I was amazed. I don 't wake up in excruciating pain anymore and, even though the effects are subtle and come on slowly, it works better in controlling my pain than anything else I 've used.
The good thing is my cholesterol is under control after three months. The bad thing is my right fore arm hurts when I pick up anything. I also have a rash on my upper lip but not sure it has anything to do with the pravastatin. I am taking one thing away at a time to figure it out.
I initially used Inderal to assist with &quot;stage fright&quot; for large work presentations (it lowers heart rhythm and so reduces the signs of nervousness). I noticed while taking it that I had fewer headaches and migraines, so my doctor recommended I continue with it. I have now been using a low dose of Inderal for around 4-5 years. It has reduced the frequency of migraines from around a 8-10 a year to 3-4 a year. Headaches have been reduced from several a week, to one every couple of weeks. I have experimented with reducing the dose and frequency however that has resulted in a return of migraines. The main side effect I have noticed is colder extremities (hands and feet). I assume this is due to the poorer circulation caused by Inderal.
This medicine worked well . I didn 't have that many side effects. I took adderall and this one was much better .
I had panic attacks for years.  I started using Celexa at 10mg per day and the panic attacks stopped.  I still get nervous when I am in situations where there is focused attention on me (social phobia).  That is where the Ativan plays it 's role.  Before a social situation, I take a 5mg Ativan.  It is fast acting and wears off quickly.  It allows me to relax into a situation and become comfortable with the new environment.  I only take it a few times a month, so there is no danger of becoming addicted.  Just knowing I have one pill with me helps me face situations better.  It 's a  'crutch ', I know.  But, when dealing with anxiety, we all know that we do what ever we can to cope!
My 8 year old daughter has ADD, she is not really hyper, just has an attention deficit. We started her on Focalin, and that turned her into a clingy, bashful, quiet kid. I can 't say if it really helped her in school; I never saw an improvement. Then we switched to Adderall 10mg XR this past summer, and she is doing well. SHE even told me she liked this medicine because she can focus now. She still needs us to keep an eye on her but she is much better than she was.
Good over all. Got my life together, saved my life u could say, yes. I have a slow heart rate , other vitals well in healthy person blood pressure range 
The insertion was nothing, no weight gain. But now that I am working out I can 't lose weight. I got it April 15 of this year. I 've noticed quite a bit more acne than usual but that may be because its a hot sweaty summer. So convenient. I would definitely recommend this.
30lbs lost. New outlook on life. Does make me have trouble sleeping.
I honestly have not had too many problems with this. I have had it for almost 5 months now and at  first I did get migranes and gained about 20 lbs but after about 2 months the headaches went away and I am just now getting my period for the first time since starting this birth control. It is lasting over 2 weeks though. So I guess the most helpful thing I can say is a majority of the side effects will be temporary and are usually just your body adjusting and that it is a very effective form of birthcontrol! Don 't let certain reviews scare you because everyone has a different experience!
I too woke up in the middle of my sleep because of the bad taste in my mouth. I thought I needed to eat but whatever I eat, it doesn 't go. So I googled about it and found this site. I ate a salty meal, candies, chocolate, carrot and nothing works. I 've only had two tablets so far.
Before taking Indocin aches and pain are felt throughout my joints. When I take it at night I sleep better and the following day I feel the pain is diminished by 60% or better. I stop taking them after 3 to 4 days and start when the pain gets unbearable.
After years of bad experiences with birth controls, my OB recommended the iud for me. Id taken orthotricycline and trisprintec for many years, and a few years on nuvaring. I suffer from acne, migraines, and depression very bad and also have had problems with weight gain and decreased sex drive with other birth controls. My doctor told me about Skyla and I signed up for it that day! About a month later I got the call from my doctors office that they recieved my device and scheduled an insertion for the week of my period. Well my period was late, so my cervix wasn 't dialated and was extremely sensitive and the insertion was super painful. I had a normal period and spotted for a week after. Now my sex drive is great and my acne is better!
Woke up at 1 AM with chills. Later in the day fever was spiking to 104 even with Advil so decided to go to Urgent Care. Doc was nice but tried to pursuade me not to take Tamiflu due to side effects and minimal benefits. I took the prescription but was undecided about using it. Anyway after paying $161, I thought I would give it a shot. Took first dose at 7:45 PM, about 19 hours after onset of symptoms. Vomited after 45 minutes and then again after another hour. I was really regretting taking it. Then woke up at 2 AM to find that I had no fever and no muscle ache! I feel 80% better already, just 7 hours after first dose. Hard to believe how fast this thing worked. I will try next dose with meal and hope that helps reduce vomiting.
I don 't do the best on any medicine. I 've fought UTIs for years. I 'm pregnant and was terrified to take another medicine. But UTIs can be serious and the pain I was in was horrific. I 'm on 100mg 2x daily for 3 weeks-  no issues. Day 4 - Urine is neon but UTI had it discolored anyway. No issues so far. Minimal headache (could be from the other infection I have too) and no discomfort. I 'm pleasantly surprised.  This is working well for me and my medical needs.
I got my paragard in May of 2014 and I love it! I don 't remember much pain during the insertion process, but I did have a child 6 months prior to getting it. During the first 6 or so months, my periods were extremely heavy, to the point i was lightheaded for the first few days due to the extreme blood loss. I also had extremely bad cramping along with it; I never got cramps with my period before getting this. Because of this, I was at the point where I was about to get it removed, but I wanted to give it another month before doing so. I am glad I waited! Once my body got used to it, I was completely fine!! I haven 't had any problems since then. I don 't even know it 's there anymore! I recommend it to anyone who can 't take the pill.
I was pregnant and had severe morning sickness. I was throwing 7-10 a day on a good day. With the Zofran I was down to once or maybe twice a day. I was able to eat and drink liquids again. The chalky flavor does get to you after an extended period of time.
The flow is better. I had to go to the ER, because I could not pee.  They catheterized me, got over 800 cc 's from bladder. The ER doctor put me on Flomax, I am on blood pressure meds, and they help, but the pharmacist mentioned that Flomax can cause blood pressure to drop even more, and ask if I have a blood pressure monitor and I said yes, she said I should keep a close eye on it.  The lowest it got was 108/60, pulse 49.  The only positive thing, is that I am peeing again. The worst thing and this had never been an issue, is that, when I get the urge to go pee, I have to RUN to the bathroom or I won 't make it in time.  ER Dr. wants me to follow up with my PCP ASAP.
I used to be on Armour...then it was unavailable for a while since they were reformulating it.  I don 't know why they had to reformulate it.  It was working fine and is an old reliable drug.  After the reformulation, my side effects (that I didn 't have before) included my feet cramping at night.....often.  Changed to Nature-throid and don 't have that problem.
I 'm 16 and I took Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo because I suffer from hormonal severe acne. I 've had horrible acne since 7th grade. On the issue of acne, while I was on the pill, after 3 months my skin was clear. In the last remaining week, I got sick everyday. Then I was finished with my pill because it cured my acne. Suddenly a couple months later, my acne returned again. I just started taking my pill again. I am feeling the nausea and headaches. I take the pill at night, so I don 't feel it when I go to bed. Unfortunately the following morning I feel intense nausea. If you are looking to treat acne this is the pill. Just the side effects can be a pain.
I have been taking Paxil for 3 years now. It has helped me very much. I 'm 21 years old and have had no side effects from it. I 'm glad to feel normal again. Without Paxil I would be an emotional wreck.
Start 05/23/13 -234 lbs down to 222 lbs 06/12/13. 1200 Calories a day and cardio 4 x a week and light weights.   Female, Age 46 - Insulin Resistance-Metformin, Hypothyroidism -Synthroid and rheumatoid arthritis -Methotrexate -Hoping to get down to 175Lbs or lower to get off all this crap...maybe not the rheumatoid arthritis meds. First headache today and a little tired.  Trial medicines..blew through those.  Expensive medicines but works.
I have been taking this medication for about 2 weeks now.. I got prescribed it in the hospital after a fallout. I tried prozac while in high school and had no luck with it. Then was prescribed Zoloft a few months ago and obviously didn 't work.. considering landing myself in the hospital. Now trying Wellbutrin. Even though I have just started it I 'd say that I do see some positive effects in it. I have more motivation and trying to do better for myself. But, I do have some side effects including really bad headaches, ringing in ears, insomnia, dizziness at times with nausea. I also have noticed taking Excedrin to suppress the headaches doesn 't help, but make my anxiety increase. Don 't take a dose late either as that just increases mood swing
I was on this pill for a little more than one year before I switched to an IUD (mirena)Pros:-regular, short, predictable periods with little to no PMS-clear skin-went up a cup size (B to C)Cons:-increased vaginal discharge and odor-weight gain (20lbs) with little to no change in diet/exercise -moodiness/days of low energy I might have stayed on this pill because of the regular periods and clear acne, but the weight gain made me self conscious and a break from daily pills (with IUD) was appealing.
Love it! The hot flashes aren 't much fun, but they 're worth having no period or pain!
I began taking this medication in September 2014. I used it for 6 months and lost 50 pounds. I had a few side effects such as constipation and loss of sleep, but both were very manageable. This medication reduced my appetite so much that at times I had to force myself to eat just to make sure I was taking in at least 1000 calories a day as directed by my doctor. I went off the medication and gained about 10 pounds back, so now I am restarting the medicine after being off a while. It 's no miracle drug, but it is a great tool.
Seroquel has worked wonderful for me so far! Levels out my ups and downs. No racing thoughts. Doesn 't make me aggressive. Helps with my post traumatic stress disorder also!
I had a stubborn UTI that was unresponsive to Cipro and starting to show signs of a kidney infection. This drug was a miracle worker. Within 48 hours I finally felt relief after a long, horrible wait of dealing with intense bladder pressure. I ate heavy meals with each pill, did not experience nausea or other GI issues. I was however tired ALL 7 days of this pill. I slept so much, I mean seriously this pill knocked me out. So that is frustrating, but will take fatigue any day over GI symptoms and at the point I started taking this drug I was willing to try anything to get rid of this infection. I was SO miserable. I just finished my last pill and noticed a dry cough with shortness of breath, so that 's why I gave it an 8.
After years of trying numerous medications (none ever working the way Midrin did) and wanting something I could function on, but would get rid of/or at least lessen my pain I tried Amerge for the first time last night. I took it around 6:00pm with food, and within 20 minutes I was crashed out on the sofa. I woke up almost 2 hours later with stomach cramps, a very fast heartbeat, an extreme confusion. My husband was talking to me, but I could neither understand him nor could I put words together. I tried to stand up to say goodnight to my daughter, and I walked directly into our coffee table and almost fell over. It took a good hour before I felt like myself. However, my headache was gone! I don 't know if the side effects are worth it.
I 've now been on this drug for 5 months. I haven 't self harmed during this time. I have gained some weight, although in recent weeks I 've been able to stop bingeing for the first time in years. I tend to wake up feeling down or agitated, so perhaps the pills aren 't working for the full 24 hours. However, once I 've taken the medicines I am calm again. The major downside is that I easily sleep for 14 hours straight and find it impossible to motivate myself to do anything. The days go by very quickly and I do little other then eat, sleep and watch TV. In the long term this has to be a bad thing, but for now I 'm happy not to be feeling ill.
Due to chronic pain I take a lot of meds to begin with. I ended up in the hospital with a severe migraine that I 'd already had for a few days (among other things). Morphine wasn 't helping, not even Dilauded helped. I don 't know who made the switch, but finally at the end of the second day a nurse came in to give me the Raglan, Toradol, Benadryl combo. Oh how I loved her after that. It burned slightly going into my IV (but Potassium burned a hell of a lot more) but that was really it. I didn 't feel jittery but it 's the usual initial feeling of light-headedness and warmth. It didn 't last long and within a few minutes my head was starting to feel better. I was surprised this worked so well.
I 've been using this patch for 2 weeks and I feel exhausted. I keep sleeping and I still feel sleepy,  I do not have drive for doing regular activities and all started since I used this product. My breast are tender but look bigger which I don 't mind at all. I feel very moody as well for no reason. I was hesitant about this patch brand because I did not have the knowledge, used other brand before and love the patches as birth control methods.  My insurance covered all the cost, pharmacy told me the out of pocket cost is $106 which is not bad for me, I think is worth it.
I 've been on several different antidepressants over the past 18 years but I must say that I 've felt the best being on Viibryd. In the beginning of it I did suffer with diarrhea for approximately 6 weeks. The only two complaints I have with it is that I have a decreased sex drive and I 've gained almost 45 lbs over a 1.5 years.
My son has been placed on this medication for bipolar type 2 he had been off medicines for 6 years and after he quit smoking he lost it totally, could not keep his cool and blew up at everything. The girl he was seeing was the last straw and he snapped. Went back to suicidal thoughts and they put him on Celexia which was not helping any of the thoughts he was having and he was in tears over some things and punching walls on other things. He started this medication about 3 weeks ago, the thoughts he says are better but the agitation he got from quitting smoking is still a major problem. He just jumps down someones throat  for seemingly no apparent reason or he will not understand what someone is saying to him and read into it.
I was on accutane treatment for 3 months, and finally after 2 years experience trying, depression of humiliation , disappointment and despair , it finally worked out.. My skin is flawless. I 'm over the moon. My friends , they noticed it and it was kinda funny cause nobody ever talk about my acne to me. Sadly, it only last for 4 months before my cystic acne come out again which was worse than before. I want to start on accutane again but I was too afraid of the side effects. Then , I found out about COD liver oil. It is basically a natural source of Vitamin A and D unlike in accutane. Now, after 1 months , my cystic acne finally cleared up! Now there 's only scars. I 'm telling you guys , this stuff is miracle. You should really consider  it
My experience with Trigeminal Neuralgia is that it seems hugely influenced by emotional stress.  Managing this, and bringing presence of mind remain for me the most effective ways to deal with this crippling pain.  Nevertheless, the carbamazepine seems helpful so far, though the side effects only seem to add to the symptoms of Multiple Sclerosis I 've been diagnosed with for a dozen years.
Started Jan 2017  at 222lb  and in two months lost 20 lbs because I had no appetite, then stopped losing but kept taking the pills another month with no loss. Had headaches extreme irritability had to tell my boss I was taking a new medication I was so tired and had black under eyes. Constipated dry mouth and nose. Now into May 2017, weighing 202 , and just stopped taking it and haven 't gained it back. Maybe I will take a few weeks off and try to go back and see if I can loose more. My out of pocket was $90/ month.
I had to fight with insurance to cover my Nuvigil but finally got them too. I have battled to get my hypothyroidism optimized for years and even when I had it at a pretty good level, I was always tired. The Doc labeled it chronic fatigue and the Nuvigil has made a hug difference. I feel like I can finally keep up with everybody else and don 't have to stand up at the back of meetings at work to stay awake. Nuvigil did have some strong side effects at first (headache, nauseous, lack of appetite) but they were pretty much gone after a week or so.
Years on it. Yes the headaches are gone...woopie!
I was taking risperdal before this but that made me too lethargic and have loss of interest in everything. Rexulti has helped me with my bipolar and mild schizophrenia. I take 2mg/day. I only had minor side effects like headaches and upset stomach the first week which faded away. I also take Celexa 40mg a day which I have been on for a year. The first few months it worked great but these past few months it doesn 't seem to be working. I 'm considering cutting down to 20mg/day of celexa because I think the combination of these drugs is too strong for me.
Overall a good drug, I would recommend it.
March 9,2016 went to my doctor to receive my first prescription of saxenda. I am at a dosage of .6 for one week and every week I am to up my dosage. As of right now it 's only my third day of using it but I do notice when I over eat I feel very sick. I have not experienced any of the other side effects...hopefully I don 't. I will continue to keep you updated.
Put on propranol for anxiety 80 mg three times daily. I thought this was a high dose but haven 't had a true panic attack since. I still get mild anxiety but it 's nothing like before. Helped me to wean off clonazepam so  I would say it 's been helpful.
I was eventually diagnosed with SLE in 2012, 3 months after my first (&amp; worst) flare.  I took prednisone for a week, &amp; started taking 200mg plaquenil &amp; 2400mg ibuprofen daily, &amp; 50-150mg tramadol as needed for pain.  In my experience, the prednisone helped to reduce the excruciating, debilitating joint pain by calming the inflammation, &amp; plaqenil &amp; ibuprofen keep it at bay...for the most part.  My rheumatologist took me off plaquenil 2 years ago; I still take 400 mg of ibuprofen 2X/week.  I still get flares once or twice a year, but they are not as bad...6, as opposed to a 10 , on the pain scale. Tinnitus started a few weeks after I started plaquenil &amp; I still have it.  It 's vastly annoying, but at least it doesn 't hurt!  best of luck to all!
I made the mistake of not reading about the side effects before taking this medication. I took my first pill at night and was up all night with stomach cramps and diarrhea. It was so bad I thought I had food poisoning. By the second day I had no appetite and the cramping and bloating in my stomach was unbelievable. It was at this time that I started reading the side effects and realized this was indeed a bad side effect. I too was so happy when my last day arrived to take mylast pill. And although I also experienced an awful taste in my mouth after taking this pill, that was the least of my complaints as all the other side effects were worse. Good luck taking this medication
False awakening dreams, night mares, vivid dreams, reduced effectiveness over time.
Was very depressed and couldn 't sleep. Started on 37.5mg twice a day then doubled. My mood has improved a little but not my sleep. No interest in sex. Can 't eat - have lost two stones. Don 't know what to do for the best! Not suicidal anymore at least.
I 've was on Nexplanon for about 4 months before switching to an IUD (wanted a longer option).The best thing about an arm implant or IUD is that you don 't have to take a pill everyday. There 's no missed doses; these birth control methods have a 99.9% effective rate for a reason lol. It 's convenient and YOU can choose how long it stays in your body.Here 's my experience with Nexplanon:No periods, no cramping. I do have more breakouts but use a sulfur and charcoal treatment along with a spinbrush to combat acne.My appetite has decreased significantly which has resulted in weight loss (so happy).Frequent headaches.More energy.I would recommend it. If I wanted something more short term I would 've stuck with it.
Dr Prescribed this med for my Prostatitis symptoms, on day 5 of a 28 day plan.  Noticeable reduction in symptoms so far. Pain seems to be fading as the days pass.  Was told to take the whole prescription as just because the symptoms fade doesn 't mean it 's gone.  Some light side effects are light headed, occasional nausea, and some interrupted sleep, some body tingling also during the day.  But if it makes these symptoms go away it 's worth the tradeoff.  Better than feeling like your bladder area is on fire.  If you can handle the slight side effects for a couple of weeks I would recommend give this a try.  Although everyone is different and side effects may differ.
Nexplanon has been the worst experience for me!!! I got it inserted June 18, 2015, didn 't hurt too bad but the bruising was terrible and lasted about 1-2 weeks. I got my period a few days after the insertion and JUST got off last week. it 's definitely good at preventing pregnancy (when I can even have sex) but the side effects are the worst thins I have ever experienced. CONSTANT nausea every day, horrible headaches that bc powders can 't even help, I haven 't noticed any weight gain yet however I literally feel so sick to my stomach that it makes my appetite go crazy and I want to eat everything and once I eat, not even an hour later is my tummy feeling empty and nauseous again. I don 't recommend this unless you want the side effects, tbh.
I decided to get the nexplanon inserted because condoms weren 't convenient. The insertion was amazingly so simple and quick! The numbing agent was just a small pinch, very easy and then my provider inserted the implant with a thing I saw only briefly as I looked away. Be aware before getting this that if you have a lot of migraines or headaches all the time, the nexplanon may make them worse! I very very rarely get headaches but a few days in I was getting some headaches but it was fine after an hour. I have not had my period yet, hoping it will stay the same at least, as for the mood swings...every little thing has been getting on my nerves and I have started crying for no reason 3 times already. I will update in a few months
Hello all,I used this product and I must admit moments later after I was finished with inserting the egg and applying the cream an extreme painful burning sensation came. It was soo painful and the tighter I closed my legs to &quot;try&quot; to alleviate some of that pain the more it burned like hell. I remember Benadryl helps with bad itching, rashes, etc. I took a Benadryl and about 15-20 mins later the burning sensation was no more and I was able to get a good nights sleep. So, I think Benadryl will help some of you if you are able to take it. If not I would try some other antihistamine that will get rid of that bad burning feeling.
I 've been taking Savella for a month.  I have done fairly well on it.  I have noticed some relief.  I am experiencing dizziness but I am also taking generic Zanaflex so I am not sure of the cause.  I would caution people to be careful taking this medicine with other antidepressants that affects your serotonin levels.  You might want to take them separately, it might make you sick.
I experienced much greater effects from Provigil on initial exposure than I have during regular, ongoing treatment. Had the initial effects (perfect alertness without excessive excitability) continued it would merit a rating of 10. However, I still find it indispensable and would be hard-pressed to give up that particular prescription.
Reduced bloating frequency and duration.  Reduced IBS-D. Side effects dry mouth, dizziness (mild), occasional thirst, feeling of fullness not bloating.
This works great for coughs.  I had bronchitis pretty bad and it worked almost immediately.  I didn 't really look at what the doctor was giving me so I didn 't realize right away that it was going to be so strong. I don 't take it every four hours as directed.  I take it once or twice a day and that is enough.  At first I made the mistake of taking it right out of the bottle; big mistake.  Don 't take more than directed, in my case I was told to take one teaspoon.  That is more than enough.  
I 've taken this medication a couple times in my life and have had no adverse reactions
Helps decrease the amount of nerve pain but does not eliminate it completely.  Decreases about 50%.Side effects noticed: blurred vision and constipation.
Second time having chylamadia somehow...took the azithromicyn last night felt like I was going to throw up after but kept it down. (I made sure to stuff my face before taking it too) now I have an upset stomach ): please wrap it up - unprotected sex isn 't worth it
my doctor gave me latuda because I wanted to stop zyprexa and seroquel because of the weight gain. She told me that latuda doesn 't cause weight gain. I took 40mg and it seem to work pretty well it wasn 't as great as zyprexa but it worked well........but I had to stop because even though my insurance covered the drugs, the copay cost me $500 which I obviously cannot afford. So am going cold turkey on everything.....why cant I just be normal?
I did the Suprep last night.  The dose with added water followed by 2 16 ounce bottles of water were tough to get down.  The taste wasn 't as bad as I expected and using a straw really helped.  But that was just too much liquid in a short period of time. I was so nauseous I had to lie down to keep from vomiting.  I called my doctor to see if I could take anything for the nausea and he suggested I spread out the second dose and water by starting an hour and a half earlier than planned and just drinking slowly. That worked really well for me.  No nausea but it did extend the toilet time a bit.  I got very little sleep but by the time I went to my appointment I was confident that I was completely cleaned out and the doctor confirmed that.
If you take SSRI 's (antidepressants) for anxiety and/or depression, watch it while on this medicine.  In addition to the dizziness, lightheadedness, and stomach problems, it might reduce the overall effectiveness of your SSRI.
I 'm on 100 mg of bupropion Sr twice a day. Some days I 'm balanced, some days I 'm full of so much energy and today zombie state.Pros? The &quot;voices&quot; in my head berating me every second of the day is silent. I am starting to see less hallucinations. My sex drive is up and paranoia down.Cons? Vivid dreams. Like vivid to the point of not being able to differentiate reality.  Also, you always sleep late and wake up early. But you trade one major problem for a manageable one so I can deal with this.It 's only been a month. Perhaps it gets better. Who knows. I am worried it may trigger another psychotic episode...may have to talk to Doctor.
I did roaccutane almost three years ago which cleared up my acne entirely! It was amazing. I had the softest skin ever. Fast forward... My acne came back year ago. I could do a second course of roaccutane. Didn 't want it so I took minocycline. I was very pleased with the results also.  I had almost the same result as I had when I took accutane. Fast forward..My acne came full back. It 's all over my chest, back and my face. It hurts like hell. I 'm taking minocycline for a week no but it 's making my acne worse. I can feel it bubbling and burning under my skin. I have no side effects other than a slight dizzines but it 's manageble. I hope this second course of minocycline will work as good as it worked last year.
I 've been on Neurontin for over 2 years now, 3200 mg daily / 800 mg four times daily. It is the only medication that effectively controls the idiopathic neuropathy in my feet. Lyrica was totally ineffective.  I experienced serious &quot;brain fog&quot; fatigue and short-term memory problems when I started Neurontin but these side effects are now manageable.Neurontin has restored my quality of life to near normal.
This is my 3rd review. Just had my A1C checked at my 3 month visit. Started this med with an 8.4 in 3 months it 's down to 6.2. This drug has been the only thing that has worked for me in the past 10 yrs.  I 've been on so many diabetic meds. Last year my a1c was 10.2 got it to 8.4 with farxiga. Since my last weigh in at the dr. I actually had lost 10 pounds. Started this med at 184 now im 174. Still took 3 months to lose 10 pounds. Thats better than a gain though. My only remaining side effects are knots under the skin at injection site. They somethings itch really bad too. Other than that ive adjusted really well.
I suffer from Panic Disorder, which I inherited from my mother and grandmother and passed on to both of my daughters. I also have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. When I was a lot younger, a doctor tried to put me on Buspar, but it made me feel like I was going to pass out with every breath, so I made up my mind that I hated it. Now that I 'm in my 50 's and Xanax (my medicine of choice) has practically been outlawed, I have started taking Buspar again. My blood pressure is normally running a lot higher now. Buspar, along with Effexor are working fairly well for both conditions. 
I have been taking Triliplex with a statin for about 2 years. I lowered my triglycerides from roughly 500 to 200. I was concerned about side effects so I quit taking the medicine for about 8 weeks. Any of the issues such as pain did not change. I don 't seem to be experiencing any side effects. I had hoped it would lower the levels into the &quot;good&quot; range. The cholesterol levels are good with the exception of HDL being too low.
I have been on diclegis since 6 weeks I am now at 12 weeks with baby number 3. Both my other pregnancies I was on zofran for horrible nausea. I was taking 2 pills at night but it just made me so tired and not able to function and with a 3 and 2 year old that was not worth it. I cut down to 1 pill and night. I feel a lot better but some days I do take zofran as well so I can function.
The first couple of weeks I was flying high on this medicine.  The high does eventually come down, but overall I am able to function much better in my everyday life.  The weight gain is an issue. If I wasn 't a pretty lean person already the weight would be an issue.  Thankfully the weight gain has been good for me.  The only thing is, I wish, the sweet cravings are unbearable at times. I could eat two pints of ice cream in a sitting--I know scary. For now, the medicine is working. I am not a big on medicine but I would have to say it is doing the job.  Good luck to anyone who is skeptical, as I was at one time.  But if life can me a little better, why not?
Like many, many others, I 've tried them all. Most of the recent AD 's (Viibryd, etc) have been pretty mediocre, but I found myself doing at least as well on Brintellix as the first time I started Zoloft (my reference for a good antidepressants). I didn 't really experience any side effects and eventually titrated up to 20mg per day. After almost a year at this dose, I still haven 't experienced any side effects, find that my sexual response is uninhibited, and there has been no poop-out. Compared to all the others, I think Brintellix is the best I 've tried yet. The reason I don 't rate it 10 is that while it has been more effective than other meds, I still feel there is quite a room for improvement.
This is my 3rd week, I did miss a couple days of taking it which made me nervous to restart. I started taking 2 pills this morning. I have so far lost approx. 9lbs! I 'm thrilled! My clothes are fitting better already! I feel slightly &quot;spacey&quot; at times, but this feeling quickly passes. Like others, I do have to remind myself to eat. I will post more updates next week! Good luck all! :-)
Good at controlling pressure, but causes burning and dryness in eye, eased somewhat by use of artificial tears.
This medicine works really well as a mood stabilizer for me. The only MAJOR drawback is weight gain. I just can 't control myself when the carb cravings happen. I am usually very much in control of my dietary habits, but on Zyprexa that just isn 't possible. I also suffer from schizoaffective disorder and hear voices. Although Zyprexa suppresses them, it does not completely get rid of them in my case; they are quiet enough to tolerate though. I have gained 35 pounds in less than about a month and a half. I am going to wean off of these and ask the psych-doc for something else.
Worked for me! Five years of GP prescribed acne treatments did nothing but make me more and more frustrated. I went on accutane, despite being dubious due to the severe side effects I 'd read about. Did nothing at first, but gradually after maybe three months, less and less spots were appearing. Now, after 5 months and with 1 more on accutane to go, I have maybe one active spot, compared to a face full. Symptoms: I found it pretty easy. Dry lips were an annoyance, but just got into the habit of always carrying a lip balm. Dry skin was there but resolved by a good moisturiser (cetaphil is good). My main issue was regular nose bleeds, I got one nearly everyday which was very distruptive. This was sorted though by slightly reducing my dose.
This was my first birth control and I used it for about five years before I had to switch to something because of insurance.  I experienced 1-2 days of light spotting when I first started it.  It eliminated all menstrual pain and cramping that I experienced before starting on a birth control pill.  It also made my periods start like clock work.  I did experience more pimples when I took it but nothing major.  I never experienced any weight gain on it.  This pill did pretty much kill my libido though.
So I 'm 30 , I took two tablets for constipation with dinner and water and went to bed around 9 pm. I woke at 1 am in horrific pain ... These were the regular little orange tablets . Never again next time I 'll stick with milk of mag or something that specifically says cramp free .
I 've been on this for about 7 months and this is my first time taking birth control, but it has lighten my periods but I 've gain some weight. My boyfriend has notice I get moody really easy and I get very emotional out of no where. it made me break out a little more but it went away and is clearing a lot more now. One thing I 've notice is since taking this pill I 've had some memory loss. I do like this brand because it 's lighten my period and I haven 't gotten pregnant and I 'm 18 and my periods only last from 4 maybe 5 days but before they lasted from 7-10 days.
Works ok, but for serious cough problems get prescription level medicine. Does help bring up phlegm. drink lots of water, will help bring up the mucus faster.
Before getting this I religiously read the reviews and I was terrified. Weight gain, no sec drive, depression were common thing I was reading in every thread. However I have had an amazing experience and I just want to remind everyone that everyone had different reactions, and keep in mind that it 's normal for people to post negative reviews but people rarely post positive reviews. I went on this from the Nuva ring. I haven 't gotten my period since I 've had it in which is great! No weight gain (but I do work out and eat decently), and I haven 't had feelings of depression. My sex drive isn 't as high as it was without any birth control, but it 's definitely higher than it was on the nuvaring.
I started this pill in September 2010, to help treat ovarian cysts and endometriosis. The first week I had nausea and tender breasts, but it went away after that. I had a lot of spotting/bleeding on and off for 2 or 3 weeks at a time for 4 months. It was annoying but better than the awful agony I used to go through every month so I decided to keep taking it, as my doctor told me that spotting/bleeding is very common with this low of a dose of pill, and that some people needed 3 months to a year for your body to adjust. Well, finally after 6 months it was worth the wait because, no more spotting/bleeding and best I have better energy/vitality/ and quality of life having control over my horrible periods. It has changed my life!
I was recently hospitalized due to cysts on my ovaries that caused me severe pain.  There was a bacterial infection going on as well  so I was prescribed doxycycline-hyclate 100mg.  Even though it was for my ovarian cysts I noticed after taking doxy for 3 days straight (2 capsules a day) my acne had cleared up! I haven 't seen my face this clear since 2008. The downside was that it caused diarrhea and bad abdominal cramps. I miss my face being this clear so I 'm trying to stick out the pain 
Methadone has allowed me to get my life back. I have been able to be honest with those I am closest to. No more ups and downs from my Norco addiction which I always had to drink with. I follow the rules at the clinic. I don 't drink. I take my 40 mg, which I will very slowly wean from. But the methadone helps.
I have been on 150mg for a little over a month, and I have lost a total of 16lbs already. Which I could use to loose some weight. But I do feel sometimes that I am very fatigued and my memory is lacking.
I get UTI 's 2-3 times/year and I made an appointment with my doctor to get meds, but she was unavailable, so I had to see another one. (New doctor=different medication than the last time)I 'm starting day 3 of this antibiotic and although I 'm not in pain, I still feel uncomfortable down there. A previous medication I 've taken, I felt fine by the next day. I know it can take a few days for the medication to take full effect, but compared to previous meds, this one doesn 't work as fast. Side effects: It might not be from the medication, but I feel just really drained and tired. TAKE WITH FOOD! I 've noticed several reviews where people said they experienced nausea. I take the medication after I eat and I haven 't had any issues at all.
I have been on xulane for 11 months, five years ago I was on the older version which was ortha evra. With the old version I never had any complications, however with this new version xulane the only problem I have encountered is the patch doesn 't stick properly to my skin. I have woke up with it stuck to my sheets, stuck on the inside of my shirt sleeve, and once I have no idea where it went it was there one minute and three hours later no patch to be found. I had to go to my pharmacy twice the first time the pharmacist instructed me to put tape on the patch, which it says in the instructions NOT TO DO THIS, another time the gave me a new free replacement box. Other then that it works perfectly, easy to remember &amp; I barely get a period :)
I have recently been on Topamax and Keppra..both maxed out. My headaches were worst and my seizures were still happening. My doctor finally switched me to Zonagran 3 months ago. I am seizure free, headaches have been much better and I feel a lot more normal. I do have a low appetite but not to where I can 't eat. I love it!
Hi, I 've been on Effexor for 2 weeks now.I feel a lot less anxious and generally happier.I 've noticed some side effects, which I was expecting. So I thought I 'd share my experience.Sweaty hands, blurred vision, nightmares, stomach ache / head ache, loss of appetite, weight loss, trouble sleeping, major increase of the the effects of alcohol. Those are just some of them.
I was on this birth control for 8 months. The first 6 months I was moody with little to no weight gain. Sex drive decreases only little. But in month 7 I started having horrific cystic acne. It 's so bad I don 't want to go out of my house. I 've never had cystic acne and now at age 27 it is unbearable and painful. I am switching to Alesse.
I have only just switched to Lutera after being on the depo shot for 5 years. I haven 't gotten pregnant but have had a few other side effects I 'm not happy with. For instance, my first 2 periods (after not having one in 5 years) were easy, only lasting a few days and not too painful. The current one has been heavy and horribly uncomfortable. My back pain had me falling over at work.
Wonderdrug. I have never, ever had a period of more than two days without irritability without hypomania. Within 2 days of taking this medication, my irritability was nil.  I was able to sit in a busy, loud restaurant without getting angry or distracted.  I have no sedation during the day, and this medication helps me sleep at night, immediately and deeply.  I 'm sleeping about 9-10 hours every night, which is why I 'm giving it 8 of 10 stars, because that amount of sleep is a little much for me.  I still feel a normal range of emotion on this medication, my sex drive is normal, I have no side effects.  The taste is not so bad, but tongue does get numb every time I take it, but this wears  off by the time I wake up.
I am 28 and have done 4-5 rounds of Euflexxa. So far, it does help decrease pain levels and increase activity. However, this last round, in December, was extremely painful. I am hoping it was weather related, and not related to the medicine or to my knee getting worse.
EXPENSIVE at over $800 for a 30 day supply. Experienced diarrhea often taking 2 out of the recommended 3 pills a day. Lowered my Uric acid from 11.5 to 10.8. Brought my phosphorus levels down very well.
Have been on and off Saphris several times. For me, being on Saphris is like turning a light switch on. I go from being manic/depressed to functioning like a normal human. But.... the side effects have made me quit several times - irregular heartbeat, fainting, nausea, etc. Now back on at a low dose with Lamictal and clonezepam for panic disorder. Feel pretty good. Hope it will last. Without Saphris, I am non-functional - so doing my best to manage the side effects while getting the benefits of this medication. Best of luck to all.
It&rsquo;s a love hate relationship. Effectiveness I love it. I&rsquo;m 26 no kids and I would say it does the job. Like any bc there are pros and cons. Pros my periods are super light, cramps are minimal, not pregnant, you don&rsquo;t have to remember to take a pill, and it was $35 for 3 years. Cons I got super depressed the first 3 months of being on it, I never had acne until now and it&rsquo;s embarrassing it&rsquo;s cystic acne and I have acne scars and no acne meds help, I have my period on an off for 2 weeks out of the month, I snap a lot at my husband, hair loss the first 4 months on it, and now I have intense back pain to the point I can&rsquo;t sit or stand. I love it but I&rsquo;m really considering taking it out in 2 months.
I have had the Mirena for 13 months now.  I had light bleeding in between periods the first two months and then just a light brown discharge between what should have been periods ever since.  I had cramps the first 8 months, but they were sporadic and disappeared within 30 seconds each time I felt one.  I would get occasional cramps when I should have had a period.  No skin breaking out, no mood swings at all.  I want to KISS the person who invented this.  And it didn 't hurt when I had it inserted.  Felt like a huge menstrual cramp for about 30 seconds and that was it and I have never had a baby.  So far, so good!
I am 25 years of age, and I am a chronic pain patient. 3 years ago (2009) I began to feel chronic pain all over my body; more and more as time goes on. There isn 't a muscle in my body that doesn 't hurt. Vicodin has saved my life! I 've been on 8  5mg tablets daily. Were it not for Vicodin, my ability to perform everyday tasks would be severely compromised. Normal activities whether is mowing the lawn, or even getting out of bed are difficult. My pain level ranges between 5-9. Vicodin always takes all the pain away. I highly recommend this medicine if you are seeking relief from chronic pain.
I started Saxenda at the start of April 2016. On the first day I wasn 't hungry at all and had to force myself to eat. Felt quite the same in the first week but from then on found myself eating much less.After a month I had lost about 4kgs (combined with regular exercise). I have now been on it for just over 3 months and have found the effects of my lack of hunger have worn off. I get hungry but probably not quite as hungry as I did pre Saxenda. I am feeling fuller more quickly during meals and my portions aren 't as big but in the last 3-4 weeks I haven 't lost any weight and have even put on a few cm 's. I haven 't been exercising regular since the first month.For sustained weight loss I think you need to eat healthy as well as exercise.
I 've been on Sutent for 18 months, I had my primary tumour removed but have 7 metastities on my aorta, these have all reduced in size by approx. 70%. I have had very managable side effects and put this down to diet change: no sugar, low carb and minimal alcohol. I 'm 42 and I 'm leading a very active life thanks to Sutent. The only downfall is that I know it stops working after a time but until then I 'll cherish every moment with my family.
I am having a great time with the patch. I was on the ring for around 6 months (at age 15) and had continuous breakthrough bleeding. Since my switch to the patch, that 's cleared up. I 've been on it for almost a year and I haven 't experienced any nausea or head aches. I have gained around 10 pounds and I cry and get emotional more now. The patch can look alittle nasty but that 's fine. And SUPER SHIRT PERIODS!! One 3-4 days now!!
I have severe IC. This is the only Med that my Urologist will prescribe for my 9/10 pain. I take 50mg 3x/day. It does lower pain level to a 1/2. However I get headaches and just a bit &quot;foggy&quot;.All things considered though I cannot function with the pain so I have to tolerate these side effects in order to live a &quot;normal&quot; life.Norco did work better but my MD will no longer prescribe that due to addiction possibilities.
So I had to change my birth control. I have been on the depo for 5 years and I told it will be healthy to switch since after time it begins to break down your bone density. So I research many birth controls and came across implanon. I did a lot of research and reading other women 's reviews had me very scared because of the terrible side effects. When I first went to get the implanon I was denied because I had sex within a 10 day period so take note no SEX lol. I went from no period with the depo to period about 6 days a month. My periods were not heavy at all. I have not experience any mood swings, nor low sex drive. I have had the implanon since March 2015. I would recommend it to anyone. But do take note everyone 's body reacts differently
Very nice, helped heart, now do sports easy, no more hard breathing
Had a few wobbly weeks on this to start (spacey, insomnia, etc) . I think I may have been in trouble with depression /anxiety  (for longer than I 'd admit to), but the fact I gladly accepted the side effects (with a view to long term benefit)   probably showed where I was.   Ironically, I 'm a psychologist (who should know better) , but working full time with 2 babies, I don 't think I appreciated  the stress I was under. Finally, after citalopram,  found I could enjoy and get a kick out of my kids, rather than  'cope '. We 've been sharing hugs (after week 4), rather than threats &amp; consequences. I  wish I had done this years ago. I 'm so grateful to my primary care physician that she 's saved me to get some perspective before they 're too old 
For me, this worked great as pain relief for a herniated disc. I found the pain to be less agonizing throughout the day, and I could do things that I needed to (cleaning, vacuuming, grocery shopping, carrying the groceries, etc.).  The problem that I had with the medication is that I had horrible memory loss.  I am a full-time student and could not handle the problems I had trying to retain hard information.  My doctor tried to combat this by putting me on Ritalin but then I couldn 't sleep.  I have had to go off of pain relievers for this exact problem.
My doctor prescribed Seroquel for a number of Psychiatric conditions I have.  They are: Depression (already on 40mg Celexa for this, Seroquel helped as an add on), OCD, Generalized anxiety disorder, Anorexia, mood instability.  Seroquel helps with all these conditions, although it causes moderate constipation.
Used it for 1.5 months. Worked to a limit. Its the 4th medicine I tried in about 6 years. Moving to something else next week. If it does not work Dr. told me Botox is it.
I take several meds for my mood disorder. It is difficult to truly evaluate the medication fully, but also I just started it one week ago. I am taking Latuda 40mg and I plan to ask the doctor to adjust it to 80mg. Some people experience restlessness which can be controlled with a sedative or congentin. I am still tapering off of Zyprexa and I am noticing some moodiness, but I also take Adderall which helps me concentrate and stay focus around people which is my biggest fear. I hope it works out for me as it does for others to.
I 've only been on it for 4 days but I refused to go back on Adderall. I require 2 30mg Adderall tablets a day and experience audio hallucinations after taking it for about 18 months. I have been off Adderall for 15 months. I told my Dr. I refuse to be back on it. I also suffer from an anxiety disorder. All of my mental health care is very well-documented from the time I was 14 years old. I am now 32 and at a place in my life where I do not want to take any stimulants to help me Focus. I do take lorazepam but I 'm down to 15/ 2 milligram tablets a month from 60. I seem to have energy and increased concentration with Wellbutrin. Adderall keeps me more focused but it 's not worth the side effects.  I also take 1/3mg of Lunesta to sleep.
I started on taking it on on May 31 2015 as of today i have lost 10 pounds in what will be 2 weeks saturday i have changed my diet to a more responsible eating habits and go to the gym 2 times a week. I take half a pill right now and plan to start a whole next monday not a long term fix but a boost to moral to make me want to do better
I like this medicine but after reading some reviews I have confirmed some things.  First, I am experiencing insomnia and worsening of my restless legs.  Second the constant sweet cravings and never feeling satisfied after I eat is annoying.  I have had about a 4-5 lbs. Weight gain.  It is like someone takes over and I just eat.  I have no impulse control.  Third, the gas and bloating is awful.  I am fine in the morning but as soon as I start eating I start bloating and developing gas.  I cannot expel it and it makes me so uncomfortable.  It has worked some to level out my depression but I am contemplating weaning off for now.
I 've had Nexplanon for close to 8 months now. I have had a few heavy periods but just mainly constant spotting and heavy discharge. I haven 't had a period in a month and a half, or spotted so I 'm hoping this means the periods and spotting are over. I was pretty miserable for a while but I am pretty confident in the effectiveness of this now. I honestly think its worth all the side effects that come with it. It honestly just depends on the person though. Each person has a different experience with it but I think it 's definitely worth a shot.
I started the depo shot back in April of 2015 because my MD recommended I should, since he noticed my periods where the leading cause of my sickle cell crisis that would lead me in hospital stays for weeks ever since I had my son. My periods are gone and so is most of my sickle cell crisis, I 've lost weight and a partial part of my sex drive. I 'm ok with both, staying fit and managing my weight is a plus for me besides the fact that I 'm no longer living at a hospital which is what I used to call my home away from home. My sex drive being affected, I 'm ok living with that too, as my health comes first for both my child and myself.
I really like this BC overall. I have PMDD, and my anxiety has decreased dramatically, along with my panic attacks and other events that were associated with the PMDD. However, the only downside is that my sex drive has decreased quite a bit. I have noticed a slight increase in ingrown hairs on my face as well, but my doctor told me both side effects were not uncommon. I have had to consider this against taking my BC as I am married, however, I have decided to continue on because it overall makes me feel better and is very effective.
I 've had stomach issues for most of my life (I 'm 41) and have tried &quot;everything,&quot; with no reliable consistency. I 've tried the OTC medicines, Miralax worked for some time then stopped. Suppositories once a week had become my only source of bowel motions. I took Amitiza for 6 weeks, with no positive results.I took 2 doses of Linzess and Boy! I spent the next 6  hours in the bathroom. Not fun. I even had to step out, mid-shower, conditioner in my hair, to use the bathroom more! And cramps, oh the cramps. This is my 2nd week with the samples my Dr. gave me. I took a pill yesterday...and the same cramps and episode occurred. Didn 't last as long but hurt as much. I am sore this morning; my stomach hurts. I will continue with Linzess, it works.
I have had issues with both knees for approx 21 years. I had my left knee replaced in Aug of 2014. I DONT want to experience that type of pain again... So Today I received my 2nd injection of Euflexxa and I 'm limping a little more than normal. However, besides today I can tell a slight difference.. I 'm hoping after my 3rd injection I can get back to walking and jogging.. It is driving me nuts Sitting still. I 'm afraid to gain any weight back.
One month with this pill, since I started it. I have a lot of mouth dryness, nausea. I prefer taking this pill before going to bed that way I don 't feel anything else, but it bothers me completely to have dry mouth the whole day. Hopefully gets better.
I got Skyla about a month ago and so far nothing crazy has happened. I have almost zero pain tolerance so the insertion sucked. It was a lot of pressure but pretty bearable up until he went to measure my cervix and was actually inserting the Skyla. I also haven 't had any kids so that also plays a factor. I had some pretty bad cramps the day of and the day after but nothing after that. The only real complaint I have about it is the nonstop bleeding and spotting. It went on for about 3 weeks and finally stopped a few days ago. It 's nice to not have to worry about taking a pill every day or going to get a shot every 3 months. If you 're considering it go talk to your OBGYN about your options and DO NOT go just off of what others say!
I do not recommend getting this for your teenage daughter. When I was a teenager It made me very moody and would get so so upset over the smallest things. Now I am watching my teenage step daughter use it and she is the same way. I am 28 and have been on it for two years now and I finally stopped bleeding and spotting. I have noticed it 's giving me muffin top and I am thin. I am switching to the Implanon next week because my doctor recommended that instead of a tubal ligation. I am nervous but so far I heard Implanon is the best birth control.
I 've had Implanon for almost 2 months now. After the first 2 weeks I got my period and to this day I 'm still bleeding. Some days it 's very very light, some days it 's heavy but most days it 's just there. It 's only enough bleeding for a light tampon, but the point is I 'm still bleeding. This is my biggest complaint about Implanon and I 'm hoping it 'll stop eventually. But the only other side effect I 've gotten from this is the occasional KILLER headache, but an 800mg Motrin takes that away. In fact I think I feel one coming on right now. I can 't complain too much, every other birth control I 've been on has failed me hence my 2 kids.
I am a pretty regular person so when I didn 't have a bm for 3 days I decided to try Dulcolax overnight relief. I took it at 10:30 pm, showered, watched TV then went to bed around 1am. I woke up abruptly at 5:30am in a cold sweat with severe lower stomach pains (very sharp like my insides were being stabbed). For about 30 minutes they were on and off but I never had the urge to use the bathroom. I was able to fall back asleep from about 7:00-8:30 but then woke up again with the pain and decided I could not risk being like this at work (I can work from home if need be). I have now been doubled over in pain on the toilet with a slight urge to go but nothing happening other than stomach pain and some gas. I will never be using this again.
Sonata for the most part is great. I 've had insomnia for years now and nothing seemed to phase me. I 'm taking two 10mg and while it does work, I have those night where it doesn 't do anything. Can 't even tell I took it. I usually take it around 10pm. I 've noticed if I have any food in my stomach it doesn 't work or doesn 't work as well. If I take it on an empty stomach it works great. With my schedule I sometimes can 't  eat until around 8:30-9:00 pm so on those nights I usually don 't even take it because I know it won 't work. Also, sometimes I wake up after about 4-5 hours of sleep and can 't go back to sleep. Then some nights I sleep all night. Not sure if it 's just me but it seems like sonata is very finicky.
I have had the insertion for about five months and it was good for the first month and a half, forgot it was even there. During the middle of the second month I started spotting enough to have to wear tampons everyday and I 'm up to my fifth month and still spotting. I 'm cranky and it drives me nuts but other than that it 's a good method. Everybody reacts differently.
I have been on Symbyax for about 3 yrs.and it works great. Slept like a log, my emotions were suppressed (not sure if that 's good or bad).  I was recently changed to generic and I am having problems with mood swings and even worse weight gain.
I 've used it for 10 days now in my most recent attempt to kick meth. It helps so much. It won 't buzz you, but it takes away the debilitating lethargy and depression.
I haves struggled with acne since high school. I admit, it wasn 't as severe as other cases. I occasionally had cysts, which I would cover with bandaids because I was too embarrassed. Over the years, my skin has been more clear but it 's never really gone away. I 'm currently in my sixth month of accutane. I think at this point, I was expecting more of a drastic change but haven 't noticed a huge difference... yet. It 's starting to kick in now though. The only side effects I have encountered are the dry lips, and the sweaty upper lip and eyebrows. The hardest part was the short time frame between lab work and getting the pills. More expensive than we anticipated, just in trying to order it. Stressful, but overall, better results than before.
I 've had the nexplanon for over 2 years now. The whole time I never really had a period, light spotting here and there.  Now it 's close time to get removed and out of no where I have a full blown cycle, HEAVY.
So 2 months ago I was diagnosed with PCOS. Which my doctor notices feom my ultrasound of my ovaries that I 've NEVER ovulated. Since then I 've had an HSG text, been on Metformin and am now to my limit of 2,000 mgs, Clomid, and was on Prometrium (progesterone) this last month. This last month my doctor also put me on a pill again to get my period. My periods have always been irregular. This morning 6/23/15 I took a pregnancy test and it was negative. My husband and I are hoping for the best next month.
Had trouble sleeping.
Switched to Uroxatral after being on Flomax for a couple months.  While Flomax addressed Benign Prostate Hyperplasia issues very well, it had horrendous effect on my sexual function.  Could no longer ejaculate at all, and could no longer reach orgasm.  Within a few days of being on Uroxatral, those issues are gone and in some ways are better than before being on either medicine.  Uroxatral is handling the BPH issues just fine.
I 'm 37 and on my second Mirena; so a total of 8 years I 've relied on it as a form of birth control.  Overall I 've been happy with the device. However a few of my friends had it inserted around the same time as I did and had different experiences.  One had it in for 5 years with no side effects but got terrible infections after putting in the second one.  Another friend got bad acne and had it remove within a couple months while a third, who happens to be a doctor, got very oily scalp and removed it as well.  I still recommend it over the pill anyday.
I had  mild acne on my face, upper arms, chest, and back and after using this for 2 months I still have acne on my face but it is very small and not very many pimples left. However I have also been using this on the my arms, chest, and back but this has not worked at all in thoes areas. I also used to have acne on my shoulder but it is completely gone thansk to this product. For me it works in some areas but not others weird.
I have ADHD and mild-to-moderate anxiety. Dexedrine 20 mg (2 x 10 mg) taken in the morning allows me to focus for about 8 hours, but I experience negative side effects including increased anxiety, raised blood pressure and difficulty sleeping. I used to experience moderate-to-severe depression at the end of the day when it would wear off, but I 've been able to avoid this using buspirone 5 mg (taken once-an-hour for 4 hours starting 7.5 hours after I take the Dexedrine). Also, I take trazodone 12.5 mg before bed to help me sleep. Due to the side effects, I only take Dexedrine once or twice a week, when I need to get lots of work done. Adderall made me more anxious, and methylphenidate (e.g. Ritalin) didn 't help me.
I have dealt with depression for many years. Was put on Celexa 2 months ago and its been amazing for me!  The panic attacks went away in a matter of days and I still have emotions, not walking around like a zombie. I feel and enjoy every moment! I highly recommend Celexa.
Nobody has mentioned this, but this medication makes me have to pee more often.
This is the first time receiving my Levothyroxine from this particular manufacturer. Same dosage I 've been on for years but instead of blue, the pill is purple and has a strong odor that I 've not noticed with the blue pills. It also has left a very metallic taste in my mouth which doesn 't subside during the day.
Hi all! I 'm diagnosed with PTSD and bipolar type 1. After my most recent manic episode I crashed into the worst depression and extreme anxiety I 've ever experienced. I was tried on the usual antipsychotics and had dangerous side effects from all of them except Seroquel. For years and years I 've had extreme insomnia. I was started on Seroquel (300mg) for sleep about 6 months and it was immediately effective. I love being able to sleep, but I 'm sleeping 10  hours. I 'd like to try to cut back a little and see if I can get to 8-9 hrs/night. My psychiatrist tells me I 'm not just taking it for sleep, but for the bipolar itself. I 'm still not back to my usual self due to lack of interest in anything. Hopefully I 'll soon be better!
This pill was great for the first 2/4 months. OK side effects included:weight loss, slight mood swings, cystic acne flare ups, normal sex drive. BAD side effects: Breakthrough bleeding that was brown then red then brown again FOR 2 MONTHS. Vag was very dry, would burn and itch, so uncomfortable, i had yeast infections for no reason too! The reason my GYN put me on this was because I had an ovarian cyst found in Oct  '15 and each month after that when i 'd get my period (which always lasted 3 days) i was in SEVERE PAIN which required vicodin or percocet or oxy to treat. I was off BC for 2 years prior to taking Levora. I can 't take the break thru bleeding anymore which is why i 'm switching to Minastrin. Hopefully that works better for me too...
For the last 7 months, I have taken 30mg/day. It eased 90% of my anxieties and obsessive thoughts. My family and friends quickly noticed my new, laid back state. I laughed more and cried (a whole lot) less. I have never been so emotionally stable.However, these benefits come at a price. First, I 'm extremely tired. Next, my libido is gone. Also, my memory is awful. I constantly forget simple conversations or tasks. Similarly, I now struggle to articulate my thoughts. I often stumble over words and lose my train of thought mid-conversation. Lastly, at times, I feel like an emotionless zombie.For these reasons, I plan to taper off of the medication. I instead hope to learn new coping techniques.
Sometimes have really terrible heartburn, due to my birth control pills, and sometimes causes bad nausea. Wanted an alternative to promethazine. Work great for taming the nausea, but the side effects were pretty annoying. Terrible backache and constapation. Oh man. Won 't be taking these unless I 'm dying or something.
Loestrin is about the 6th birth control pill that I have been on in the past 4 years.  Yaz, Ortho Tri, Sprintec, Yasmin and now Loestrin.  So far it has been one of my favorites.  The first month I was a bit moody but that subsided.  Periods only last for about a 2 days at the very most. Definitely increased my sex drive, no headaches or even pain around my period.  The only negative is that about 2 days before I start my period I tend to get really depressed but as soon as it starts the depression is gone and I 'm back to normal.
I was put on 100mg Wellbutrin for PMDD issues, and stayed on it for about three years. I ended up having many side effects, such as added anxiety, horrible headaches, and constipation. Also lost some weight. However, the mood swings stopped, and I have to say sex was never better. Added to my sexual response for sure, and I really miss that part. If not for the constipation and heart flutters, I would have stayed with it.
I 've always suffered from acne from a very young age I would always buy face washes every week thinking it would help and it never did. I started to give up on clearing my face.. After a while I stopped buying face scrubs and other face cleansers etc and I would buy acne cream which would make my pimples less irritated but didn 't get rid of them also they would leave my skin with dry patches which would look very bad once makeup is applied. After a while my doctor prescribed me doxycycline at the start it made my face get worse but a few weeks in my face started to clear up and a few months in my face was bump free.. Although the scars are still there till this day.. also I noticed my acne slightly came back once I was off the medication.
Have been on Keytruda since January 2017, have completed my first 12 weeks treatment.  Main side effect has been the fatigue.  After 12 weeks had PET scan, results came back that the melanoma has been stopped from spreading.  My melanoma had been vey aggressive, it was making new tumours within 10 days, so this treatment has been positive, as nothing new has come up in three months.We will see what the next three months brings.
I have major depression and post traumatic stress disorder. This medication helps motivate me and it gives a slight boost for my moods I tend to smile more now but still get depressed now and then. It has very little side effects best thing is no sexual side effects! It also helps my anxiety but still have a hard time concentrating which my doc says helps but for me it doesn 't it 's just a mood stabilizer to me. I give it a 7 out of 10 because it only helps me slightly. I take 150mg twice a day.
I have been using Arimidex for approx. 6 months.  I have had some side effects, mostly hot flashes, and some insomnia.  The hot flashes have gotten better, and the insomnia I just switched the time of day in which I took the medication.
I just finished my first pack and I love it so far. Normally I can tell the exact moment when I get my period because it is so painful. It 's gotten so bad that I 've been close to vomiting from the pain before. I have experienced no spotting, no reduced sex drive, or weight gain so far and the pain is gone. I love it!!
I have lived with severe insomnia for 34 years due to a circadian rhythm disorder. When I say that I have tried all sleep medications, you can believe me.  My doctor gave my a voucher for a free trial of Belsomra. I was skeptical, then saw a review someone had written who had a very similar sleep disorder. He said to reach more areas in the brain that control the sleep-awake switches,  to try it with 1 milligram of melatonin,  50 milligrams of diphenhydramine, and a 1/4 milligram of a benzo. I haven 't slept like I did last night since I was a child. I gave it  7/10 because I don 't know yet if it was a fluke, but I am hopeful that it will continue to work.
I started to take this medicine in October 2009. I have had 2 kids and about 6 months after my second was born I decided I had to get this weight off! I weighed 218lbs when I started taking these and today I am at 185lbs. That is 32 pounds so far. I still have about 20 I would like to lose. I don 't go to the gym or &quot;exercise&quot; everyday, but the pills give me more energy and I move around a lot more. I have the energy to get up and go when I would normally have a hard time getting motivated. I sometimes have to remind myself to eat because my food cravings are hardly there at all when I take the pill. I do notice that I get a dry mouth, but drinking water helps and I love this medication. I think it is amazing.
I have been taking saxenda for 3 weeks now. Just started 2.4 dosage yesterday. So far I have lost 12 lbs. I have also been working out for an hour 4 times a week. No major side effects until yesterday when I change dosage. The injection site is very painful today.. This never happen until yesterday.. Overall I think this drug works!! ( I forgot to inject it one day and I was really hungry)
I was addicted to any pain pill I could get my hands on for three years. I found Suboxone and it helped me a lot but my experience with my doctor was horrible. I missed a doctors appointment one time and they punished me by making me wait three days for my prescription when I asked what I was supposed to do they told me to pretty much find means till my next doctors appointment. When I asked my doctor to start lowering my doses so I could get off of the Suboxone he told me that I would be back on pills as soon as I could get the chance and then cut me off cold Turkey. I have been pill and Suboxone free for three years. Suboxone is a great rehab option but having a great doctor is just as important.
It worked to reduce the pain around my neck and head, but made me tired and did not help pain in other areas.
I just started Qsymia on 2/20/14 it has only been 4 days and I have dropped 5 pounds. The only side effect I 've experienced is insomnia. I am happy in knowing that the more weight I lose the longer I will be on this earth for my family.
My experience has been good so far. I 've been on Nuvaring for three weeks  now and I 'm about to have my first period. I have not gained weight, it has helped clear my acne and I am not pregnant, so it works. The only downsides have been lots of breast tenderness which has FINALLY passed and bad cramps, randomly. I 've never had bad cramps so that part does suck. I plan to continue using this form of birth control.
Went on the ring two years ago. Was ok with it. No babies. But after about a year I noticed I gained about ten lbs. then my moods got very odd. I hadn 't noticed but everyone around me did and thought I was going crazy. Then my hair started falling out. My Dr says that the dosage was too high for me. I switched. But for what it 's worth no babies in two years so there 's that.
It makes me sleepy during the day but helps with side effects of Wellbutrin (itching and stuttering). Helps me sleep at night so it is doing something for me.
Overall I 'm doing better. I 've lost weight and have more energy but my tongue is a bit swollen and mouth is dry and everything is very, very salty tasting. I have very vivid dreams but I 'm able to sleep at night. I 'm also on Latuda 40mgs at night. I have no desire to eat or drink and I 'm not urinating a lot which has caused an infection and does not help with body pain. I will continue to take it because I 'm able to work two jobs.
i have a very sensitive and oily skin. whenever i go under the sun and or get dirt on my face i just got acnes by that day and once it stats appearing it just breaks out vulnerably leaving extreme bad scars on my face. i was just looking for my perfect products everywhere. i used a lot of things for this but finally i went to a dermatologist and he suggested me to use duac gel twice a day, retin A cream at night over spot and blemishes and suggested acne aid liquid cleanser. i just started using it for 4 days and i just felt the quick changes on my skin. my scars were getting light and all the new born pimples were just faded with my skin. it is really an excellent spot treatment and reliable drug. please have it once. greatly recommended.
Female 68, excellent health, nonsmoker. Asian, diagnosed EGFR 12/16. On 5th day of Tarceva 150Mg. feeling great.  No breathlessness. No side effects so far.Hope to continue if no liver impact.  Wondering if there 's any preventative steps that could be taken to ward off the next mutation when this inhibitor no longer works.
Upper respiratory infectionZithromax  250mg  My doctor gave me a z pak2 tabs on day 1 followed by 1 tablet the next 4 days. Total tablets 6.Zithromax is the generic drug for Azithromycin. First time prescribed. **Note I have asthma** and was feeling more fatigued and light headed. Drugs.com interaction* checker* pointed out that since I used 2 inhalers. A. Pro-Air and 2. Advair that my potasium level would be affected. A moderate interaction warning. I started drinking gatorade and began to feel better. My mom is diabetic, and gatorade makes  flavored 12oz bottles that has potassium and will not affect your blood sugar.
I had Skyla inserted about three months ago and have been mostly happy with my decision. I 'm 28 years old and have never been on the pill - I don 't like the idea of all those hormones. The insertion itself was quite painful - I have a high pain tolerance but I would definitely say this was the most painful thing I 've ever experienced. It was over quickly though - after a couple minutes I was back to normal. My doc prescribed pills for me to insert in my vagina a couple hours before and it made a difference. Since the insertion I have had an increase in intense cramps but no spotting - never used to get cramps before. My period has been irregular - first one was two weeks late!! I was worried and ended up taking a pregnancy test!
After coming back from Thailand I caught a pretty nasty bug. Thank god for this medication getting rid of it, but the side effects from it were terrible. I took 750mg three times a day, with a mandatory meal or I would vomit. I constantly felt dizzy with headaches, persistent nausea, stomach cramps, aggressive bloating, diarrhea for 10 days, and was constantly fatigued. I attempted a natural remedy at first but had no luck with that. Having a really healthy diet on these pills actually helps quite a bit. Stay away from sugar.
Good experience with prozac
Started to work immediately to improve urine flow and frequency. However the side effect of retrograde ejaculation became extremely bothersome. I did stop taking it for a few weeks and the side effect was completely reversed, however the urine flow issue was too much of a problem, so I restarted taking the Rapaflo again. Same issues which I tolerated for a while but finally decided to go back to the Urologist and he started me on a new medicine. 
I recently broke my right clavicle in half. At first the doctors tried to give me vicodin, but I refused because that drug is very addictive. Don 't get me wrong, tramadol is a little addictive, but I have enough control to only take it when my break becomes very painful at times. Advil and etc, did nothing so they gave me tramadol. It really does work, I used to never be able to fall asleep and this does. Also helps tone down the pain while giving me a nice high. I will be happy when my bone heals and I won 't need this anymore.
I 'm a 29 year old female. I 've been suffering from horrible social anxiety disorder and panic attacks for over 2 years.  I 've been on Zoloft (technically sertraline since I 'm on the generic version) for 4 months. The first 2-3 weeks I started with 25 mg and I had mild side effects like diarrhea and dizziness. I also spaced out a lot. After the 3 week mark the side effects started to go away and I felt so much better than I ever had in years. I had little to no social anxiety anymore and almost felt like I had my life back. After 2 months I felt I plateaued. I started getting the anxiety/panicky feelings back. So I upped my dosage to 50 mg. For now it is still doing the trick but it 's nowhere near what it was in the beginning.
I have weight loss surgery and was told my GERD would be cured after my surgery. Well they lied and it 's actually worse. Dexilant is the only med that takes the edge off. However, it is so expensive. When I was on Obama care I paid over $300 a month for it. However, I have no choice but to take it or not eat. It 's always a fight with me insurance company. I wish they would make a generic or make it cheaper. Hoping it is helping my barrettes esophagus so I don 't get cancer.
This is the only birth control I 've been on that has stopped my breakthrough bleeding due to it being the highest dose possible.  I have gained 20 pounds while on it (but honestly I needed to gain weight anyway) and to my surprise have larger breasts (which is not so bad either).  I do get occasional migraines with this pill and slight mood swings, but over time it has gotten better, just think the body has to become used to it.  I highly recommend it if you are experiencing breakthrough bleeding, it truely has been a lifesaver in that aspect.  When I went from 3 weeks of bleeding to the normal 1 week, well worth the occasional migraine or mood swing.
I am using the patch and so far it has really helped me with not smoking. There 's day 's I really want to smoke and I might smoke one but smoking just one helps me get through another 2 weeks without a smoke. I think this product has really helped me.
I have been on Flagyl a few times and it works very well. But, why can 't they put it in a gelcap. It is so hard for me to take because of the taste. I take it with cranberry juice, which helps. But, really, it is nasty tasting.
I 'm taking Pristiq for the second time, I have experienced episodes of depression since 14 or 15 but always managed to come out eventually by my own means. When I was 28 I took Pristiq for the first time because I had a lot of anxiety and was depressed. My side effects were some mild headaches, feeling sleepy during the day, waking up during night. Now I 'm 31 and was feeling very angry, anxious and depressed because a &quot;professional failure&quot;. I 'm on day 3 taking 50mg in the morning and my mood and anxiety are better already but feel sleepy during the day and wake up in the middle of the night feeling ready to go for a full day. 
This is the only narcotic for pain that does not cause nausea for me. It does make me lightheaded after 20 minutes of taking, and for a few hours after. There is no way I could drive the first 3-4 hours after taking this. I 'm currently taking this short term for a pinched nerve.
I have been taking isosorbide mononitrate 30mg tablets for a little over 2 months now. For the first 4 to 5 days I did experience headaches, however, they did subside. I have, now, started to experience a headache every now and again though. I have, also, started to have the same chest pain, again, which had completely gone away until now. My biggest complaint and concern is that I find myself EXTREMELY tired, every single day, for the past 2 weeks! It does not matter if I sleep 8 or more hours I still wake up feeling like I have had no sleep at all! I can sit down on my couch or at the kitchen table and fall asleep sitting straight up and have slept that way for hours! I don 't understand this but other that that I 'm ok with the medicine.
I 've been taking 200mg Zoloft for the past 3 and 1/2 months (started 5 months ago) for (severe) depression and social anxiety disorder as well as other (less severe) conditions. I think this medicine is fairly effective for the long-term, but it was very hard for me to wait for it to  'kick in ' after several months of taking it. I cannot compare this medication to other antidepressants, but it was pretty good; it was also much more effective (for me).
Took one pill before bed (about 8 pm) and was up, literally all night.  Fell asleep the next morning at 9 am.  The pill worked great on my sinuses but should have taken it in the morning.  The packaging does not detail this side effect very well.
I developed chronic insomnia after a stressful life experience in 2006. I asked my general practitioner to prescribe Temazapam (Normisom) on the advice of a friend who had used it, and it is a godsend! I took it every night for 5 years, and found it non addictive, worked consistently, and I did not experience any side effects except for a little drowsiness next day sometimes.  I was able to give up taking it every night when my stress levels and sleep improved, but recently I have had to start using it regularly again (I take half a tablet) every night; I just wish 1 tablet would deliver a solid 8 hours sleep instead of 5-6.  My only concern is that I have heard (anecdotally) that it may contribute to dementia in some people.
Since I 've been on the pill, my periods have become extremely regular, HOWEVER, I get worse cramps and bloating than I ever had before.  I 'm also extremely moody for about a week before my period.  Otherwise, my experience has been good.
My uncle has had epilepsy since he was 18. He is now 60. He was on Dilanton up until 4 years ago when he was put on Depakote after a 45  minute seizure. Then no more until February. Then he started having seizures once a week. The doctor added Keppra. The seizures kept happening every couple weeks so the doctor sent him to a neurologist which maxed out the doses of both pills. Last month he had 4 lengthy seizures within 2 hour time period. That 's when the doctor added Vimpat. As of today he has not had a seizure but the doc wants to up the Vimpat again. Since he has been on it he has had horrible memory loss. 
HELPFUL TIPS!:-add lemonade flavored crystal light-chase down with Sprite-put Vicks vapor rub up your nose so you can 't smell it-do a few enemas in the days leading up to the prep, it will make clean out a heck of a lot easier
I am one of those people who was very against taking medication for my anxiety, until I realized I needed more than Talk Therapy. I tried Paxil and it has made a world of a difference. I no longer have daily panic attacks, or worry constantly. I 'm able to make plans with my friends without the worry of having a meltdown in front of them. My biggest fear was getting on a plane again, and I did with no problem. Paxil has truly given me my life pack, and for that I am so thankful.
I took this for about 3 yrs when I was 18-20 yrs old. I liked it and had no issues with it. No weight gain and kept my skin nice. Periods were kind of heavy with cramping but manageable.
It took four months before I could titrate up from 50mg to 75mg.  I 'm on it for Dysautonomia, nuerolgia, fibromyalgia, depression. At that point I felt significant improvement from the depression and panic attacks. I weaned myself off at one point for fear that I was having a bad side effect. I had forgotten how much pain relief it provided until I was off of it. This is one of the most helpful medications I 've ever taken! It helps with pain, dysautonomia and depression! I don 't think it gives me bad side effects. I 've had serious bad side effects from SSRI 's so I was very nervous but had to try something. I 'm also on Gabapentin which helps with sleep and pain but coupled with this drug I 've done so much better.
Helps me sleep better but still not great. I continue to wake up many times through out the night but at least can seem to fall right back to sleep and not just lay there. Gives me a headache a few hours into the next day after I wake up and seems to last for a while.
I 've been on Cryselle for 3 months now the first month I was an emotional wreck, crying over nothing and just super bothered by anyone and everyone! It 's gotten better now, but the week of my sugar pills Im still on an emotional rollercoaster. My periods shortened from 7 days to about 3-4 which is nice. My face breaks out during my period and is blotchy but I can 't completely blame it all on the pill since it happened before. This pill didn 't make me gain any weight, I actually lost about 10 lbs during the first two months. Overall this pill has been alright. At the very least it 's been effective but I am considering switching it up
I 'm 66 year old male.  Had radical nephrectomy of left kidney in 2011. Scans showed huge tumor. 6years later had nonstop headache for about 4 weeks. Scans showed Tumor on cerebellum. Had surgery to remove that on 10th May 2016. That left me with palsey down my left side as tumor and surgery damaged 7th cranial nerve. Now use walker and wheelchair. Now a tumor has showed up in stomach. Went on Votrient, effects  were vomiting, diarrhea, all hair turned white, unable to get out of bed, loss of appetite, no taste. I started using cannabis oil which helped alleviate nausea and loss of appetite. Last scans about two months ago, tumor couldn 't be seen. Oncologist didn 't say it was gone but it couldn 't be seen, where as prior scan showed it clearly
Amrix is the only muscle relaxer that works for me, and I tried a lot. I also take Topamax and get Botox injections for my migraines. I 'm on a low dose antidepressant also. This treatment seems to work for me. I went from 20 migraines a month down to about 5.
T2.  I have been on Metformin 1000 for several years and with diet and monitoring bs levels have managed well.  Recently,  I have struggled with numbers and decided to give in to additional help in management of numbers. I started with 10 day sample of Invokana 100 and did well. Felt fine, no real issues of concern.  Even thirst and restroom visits didn 't really increase. Then started the 300 10 day sample and again no real noticeable issues. Requested prescription and now, 10 days later I can barely stay awake. I have always been a 5-6 hour a day sleeper and now I am so exhausted I could easily sleep 10-12 hours a day. Decided to try splitting the pill to see if anything changes in my sleepiness before requesting to go back to the 100.
Nucynta worked very well for my back and hip pain. Was only on the medication for a month, had to stop the medication because I could not use my hormone patch. Having menopause symptoms was almost as bad as the pain itself. I would recommend discussing menopause medications with your doctor prior to using Nucynta because one month without hormones is horrible on a marriage and customer service work.
I have used the 1-day Monistat ovule before, and it has always cleared up the infection. But there is definitely an initial 24 hours where everything is worse--I 'm in the middle of that right now. I took it last night at about 1am and I feel swollen and sore. Made it through the day but canceled plans tonight because I 'm so uncomfortable. Hopefully I will wake up tomorrow and the YI will be gone.
This is the only medication that has worked for me so far (besides Benadryl), but it gives me horrible dry mouth and eyes after using it for a few days, and if I take it for longer than that my tongue starts to hurt because of the dryness. I would give it a 10 if it weren 't for those symptoms.
This is only my second week taking it  and I take it at night but right after I eat I get nauseous. My breast were sore but that went away. The only problem I 'm having is my period. It usually only last about 4 days but it 's going on the 8th day now. Maybe I have to get used to it first.
I was started on Nucynta for severe nerve pain/radiculopathy. I had been taking oxycodone. I found it to be just as effective, but for a shorter period of time. I have experienced increased perspiration and flushing of my face.
Prescribed Belviq about three months ago- April 2016, 10 mg twice a day. Went to the doctor two months later and had lost 15 lbs from 266 to 251. Again, I went two weeks later and I was down to 246.  Had some side effects such as fatigued, dry mouth but just drink more water.  Does a great job of curbing my appetite-making me feel full on less food. Also seemed to change my taste buds. Doesn 't at all agree with Alcohol. This is the first drug that has helped me lose weight. This is important since I am on estrogen blockers due to Breast Cancer and had a hard time losing weight.  Will continue on this medicine.
Was on Methotrexate and Mobic with no relief for 5 years.  Took Enbrel and had a life again. Began golfing and bowling again. That suddenly stopped about 8 months ago the fatigue is unbearable and now the swelling and pain is back.
I started taking Zoloft about 4 years ago, prescribed because I have always had a lot of social anxiety and was in a lonely place. Started with 50mg then went back to docs after 4 months and he increased me to 100mg. I was on 100mg for a year but decided to come back down to 50mg as at times I felt a bit too groggy on 100mg, plus I struggled with sex - had no desire really, felt a bit of a zombie. I also saw a therapist every week for a year, but stopped that because I felt we reached a dead end and it was a waste of money. So 4 years later I 'm still pretty lonely, still have mild depression which comes and goes and still struggle a bit with people. However I would say all of the bad stuff is about half as intense thanks to Zoloft/Sertraline
Ladies! I just got skyla put in yesterday morning. So it 's been a little over 24 hours for me. I was freaking out because a lot of reviews said it was so painful to insert, I even read one where she said she cried afterwards. In my opinion it really wasn 't that bad. I took a 600 mg ibuprofen and I also took a tramadol, which I 'm prescribed to for back pain, before I went in to the dr 's. It did hurt, for literally about 2 seconds, but nothing like some of the reviews said. It was more like a sharp quick pressure pain. It came and went immediately. Very quick. I 'm currently still spotting very lightly and do have some cramps but they are just like very light period cramps, nothing a little Advil won 't take care of.
I 've been on Implanon now for about 2 and half years now and I 'm still getting my periods. They started off normal &amp; now they are just irregular. I 've had my period now for the past three weeks now and it 's not normal period blood it 's more brown and chunky than anything I 've experienced before. I 'm not the type to go to the Drs. but it 's getting to the point where it 's ruining my sex life. I never had depression or weight loss or gained any but I do get less headaches then what I did before. I would recommend the Implanon to people who are forgetful about taking pills it 's just risky because the symptoms are different for everyone.
I loved the Implanon for the first year of use.  It was easy, painless, and effective.  I barely got a period the entire first year on it. (Awesome!) It also had no effect on my high blood pressure. I would have recommended it to anyone 10/10 times. Now that I have had it for a year and a half, I change my mind.  I have read that it becomes less effective in preventing PMS symptoms over time and it has proven to be true.The past 4 months I have been randomly bleeding for days on end, multiple times a month. Painful cramps and intense mood swings. I just made an appointment to have it removed. Everyone is different, but I would most recommend the Implanon for a year of use.  Definitely worth it for that period of time.
I started Microgestin last month. This is the first time ive ever had birth control. It is easy to take and it tastes like sugar. But i started bleeding this week, and it has been sooooo heavy. My period is never this heavy. I am bleeding through a super tampon in 4 hours. It might be normal... but im not sure.
I 'm on a low dosage for my anxiety .5. it makes me feel a bit drowsy at times but it definitely works to shut down anxiety attach
Like others that commented here, I experienced immediate results when I began use of Mirvaso. However, it worked so &quot;well&quot; that one of the physicians I work for asked if I was feeling OK as my skin was so devoid of color. Also like others here, within several weeks of beginning use, suddenly my nose and cheeks would be sunburn-red in the middle of the day. I tried using only a tiny bit, and this seems to have helped with that redness. The main reason I decided to keep going with it is that my pores seem much smaller with use, so I do believe the surface of my skin is less inflamed, even if there is some red kickback once in a while. I like the suggestion of mixing it with a bit of moisturizer...that may help even more.
I 've been on this for a month and a half. At first it made me nauseous everyday but just in the mornings. I take the pill at dinner time. The nausea has gone away the second month. It seemed like my boobs did get fuller. But my mood swings were bad! First month I felt like I hated everyone especially my fianc&eacute;. Felt more depressed then usual and wanted to cry a lot. I knew I was being moody and stuck with pill another month to see if my mood leveled out. So far in my second month I am still extra sensitive and cry easily.
I have been taking Pristiq for nearly 2 weeks due to losing my father in October 2010. I tried to fight my depression but it was starting to control my life. I am feeling better having a good day today has been a long time since I have had a good day I have had some nausea and a bit tired but overall see light at the end of the tunnel finally. Don 't feel ashamed of taking medication, depression is worse if not treated. 
I just had the Mirena inserted yesterday. I 'm 22 years old with no kids. The procedure was very painful. I felt nauseous afterwards and felt like I was gonna pass out during it. I had major cramping and bleeding for the rest of the day. Today I only have mild cramping and some spotting. So it seems to be getting better.
6 Years I 've been on this pill.It 's a great pill if you hate having a period every month. But being 22 is a lot different than being 16, and my body just isn 't liking the pill anymore. Main Con 's - Heavy bleeding, ZERO sex drive. Con 's of taking the pill in the 1st to 3 years - Painful sex due to vaginal dryness, slight nausea if took in the morningCon 's at the end &amp; why I 'm stopping (4-6 years) - Hair loss (just more hairs come out when I would brush it)  More pee breaks, breakthrough bleeding, cramps &amp; spotting when climaxing, &amp; spotting during vigorous workouts. Pro 's - Never got pregnant, stable mood, no breakouts, hair thinner on arms&amp;legsI never had spotting in between packs( until Now) or gained any weight, &amp; I 'm pretty sedentary.
Sometimes have really terrible heartburn, due to my birth control pills, and sometimes causes bad nausea. Wanted an alternative to promethazine. Work great for taming the nausea, but the side effects were pretty annoying. Terrible backache and constapation. Oh man. Won 't be taking these unless I 'm dying or something.
I had good results after one year on Reclast from 3.5 down to  2.3
I began taking Mononessa about three months ago. I didn 't really experience any negative side effects- a few weird waves of nausea early on, but other than that, I felt really good on this pill. However, I had to switch to a different pill because after about a week or two on Mononessa, I began bleeding every single day. It dipped in and out of heavy bleeding, but was always heavier than typical spotting. And it happened EVERY DAY for 2.5 months, until I switched. Which is disappointing, because otherwise, I experienced no ill side effects. I 'll also mentioned that I suffered from incredibly bad acne a few years ago, and I was nervous that starting birth control would ruin my skin again. However, I noticed no changes to my skin on this pill
It took 1000mg twice a day to knock my sugars down about 100 points, A1C of 10 to around 7 in a few months. Probably would have done better with other lifestyle changes.  I 'd actually rate metformin a dang good laxative more than a diabetic med, but ahh well. I got used to it, and that side effect helped me eat less.
I have geno type 3. I 've been taking it for two weeks. I feel elevated. Like I 'm high on something
Just started - took only one.. it may be too hard to say its not working but I am still in pain! ?? So not sure about this time release / is it better??
I 've been on Tivicay for about 5 months now.   I have more energy and no common side effects except for two very important ones to me.  The first one is the &quot;wasted look&quot; on my face.  I began to notice this a about month a go.  My cheeks have becomes more hollow, I 'm terrified to think what they 'll look like a year or two from now.  I just don 't want to be prejudice against for having HIV. The second problem is my liver.  My recent blood test showns that it 's 50% above normal.  I don 't drink, smoke, I don 't know what to do now.  I don 't want to end up having to go to dialysis weekly.
I am almost 24 and have been on pristiq for about 5 weeks. I am now up to 100 mg but started at 50. I have no negative side effects besides maybe a light headache. I have been on over 10 anti-depressents in the past with nothing but bad side effects and had sworn them off 6 years ago. Nothing worked for my anxiety and depression in the past besides of course my take as needed klonopin. Pristig has been good. No side effects or appetite increase. I am also going through an extremely tough and stressful time in life at this point and once I was upped to 100 mg, I have noticed an increase in my mood positively. Like I said, I had sworn off meds for years, but I feel like this one may be working. Give it a try and work with your doctor
I began taking cymbalta six weeks ago for generalized anxiety disorder.  Although the initial side effects of disrupted sleep was difficult, it disappeared after about three weeks.  I began on 30 mg and increased to 60 mg after one week.  The results have been incredible.  For the first time ever, I can sit quietly without a million thoughts running through my head.  I no longer feel &quot;stuck&quot; on certain thoughts.  I feel calmer, more relaxed and happier.  I also find that my thinking is very clear.  Overall, feeling very, very good.  Highly recommend cymbalta.
I took Cialis for the first time four days ago and have had nasal congestion and flu like symptoms.
The first day it caused me very bad nausea. However I think it 's because I had to take 2 pills on the first day per the instructions. On the 2nd day I had a bit of diarrhea but the nausea went away. I learned that I had to eat a lot to get my stomach full in order not to feel the nausea. Overall, this medicine worked in clearing up my sinus infection. I feel that on the 3rd day the medicine did its job and I started showing much improvement. (My fever had gone away after the first dose of medicine.)
Started using Micardis HCT 40mg only 3 days ago, as an initial treatment for high blood pressure. No drastic side effects yet, except for slight dizziness, and abdominal pain related to gas (once). I am worried about sexual issues, since there are lots of reports going around saying that Micardis may hamper erectile function. Other reports say exactly the opposite!  Will have to test this on a long-time basis. All in all, seems pretty good.
I feel better since switching to Klonopin.
My relief from night sweats was totally unexpected. I was prescribed Gabapentin, Valacyclovir and Prednisone for my first shingles outbreak (OMG - the pain). I constantly evaluated my symptoms and side effects for improvement or anything weird. After four days it occurred to me I had not had any night sweats (I don 't know exactly when they stopped, because this was something I wasn 't monitoring). I have had night sweats for years and always sleep with a fan beside my bed.  So when I noticed no night sweats, I looked up all the medications to see if they affected night sweats. I checked Gabapentin last and was SHOCKED to see its association - and then I hit this forum. It was prescribed for nerve pain, but this side effect for me is AWESOME.
I had a serious back injury November 5th yr 2000. I have had all types of aquatic therapy physical therapy, stimulation therapy and multiple types of different pain and muscle relaxers. after only being on Belbuca for less than a month it 's the first time I can get up in the morning without help and am able to tie my own shoe laces. This medicine is a miracle for me and the most surprising thing is there are no side affects. Love tying my own shoe laces again!!!!
Only been on Epclusa for a week.  Super fatigued an hour after taking med then much better full of energy but lost most of my morning.  Changed to night time but got headaches.  Back to taking in the am but about 9 pm I hit a wall of tired&mdash;like someone slipped me something to make me pass out.   I know I need to nap more but my job won&rsquo;t allow it so I&rsquo;ll take it at 7am work my butt off then pass out at 9&mdash;not a bad idea anyway for daily living.  Diagnosed 2 years ago but know I&rsquo;ve had Hep C since the 80&rsquo;s.....more to come.
Darvocet has been helping me with back and fibromyalgia pain for many years. I take it sparingly and only when absolutely necessary. It has minimal side effects and since I take it only at bedtime, I do not have drowsiness in the morning. I sleep well and have lessened pain for about 2 - 3 hrs in the morning. I am lost without this help. My md gave me ultram which does not help and causes dizziness in the morning. Everyone is different.
We rescued a kitty that had ringworm. And because of it my daughter got it. 88 of them, I got 12 of them myself. the Doctor said to use Oxistat cream and we have now been on it for two weeks, and a lot of them have gone away. It was very important to mark them all from the beginning to keep track of them even if they were no longer visible, so I can keep putting Oxistat for at least 1 month. If anyone out there is experiencing something similar I do recommend this cream, take a deep breath and be consistent.
A wonder drug. I have been fortunate to experience limited side effects. Twenty to thirty mg every other day has produced increased energy, easier breathing, and increased the red blood cell count significantly.
i had it put in yesterday morning. didnt hurt a bit just became very dizzy after insertion and needed to sit dow, felt cramps but ibuprofen helped to eliminate that, had some bleeding yesterday, today just some brown spotting. too soon to tell, hopefully the spotting will stop soon and periods all together. I feel like my lower pelvis is a little inflamed or something is in there, but maybe its the cramps... I have reduced ibuprofen mh only taking 200 mg, hope to not have to take any tomorrow.
Medicine appears to be working. On my second day, I have no heartburn.  I am a little concerned about my headache that I have had all day today. I am hoping that this is but a small price to pay, if my esophagus will benefit from this medicine.
Started taking Cymbalta as a last resort for radicular sciatica pain. Had surgery, tried many medicines. Been on Cymbalta for 1.5 mos. (5 days-20 mg, 5 days - 40 mg, 1 1/2 weeks - 60 mg, 2 days- 40 mg, 2 days- 30 mg). I experienced most of the side effects (nausea, lethargy, somnolence (sleeping 18-20 hrs a day for 3 wks from that to insomnia to today 's date, flatulence, constipation, tingling all over, throat pain, blurry vision, nightmares, night terrors waking in drenching sweats, profuse sweating, hair loss). This is the weirdest medicine I 've taken.  Taken Fluoxetine for years with no unusual side effects or withdrawals. Reducing because of side effects of night terrors, sweats, etc. It does work for pain but the cost is high.
I have had a urinary tract infection since January and it is now March. First I was put on a Z-pak with no relief. Then I was put on Cipro. The test came back as if I hadn 't taken anything. Now I am on nitrofurantoin and the symptoms have subsided. I have a headache and am tired but so what they will go away when I finish taking this. It worked great for me.
Doc told me I had bronchitis, first time on Biaxin, after two days still have the bitter taste in the mouth, sleeping like crazy, increased heart rate, but overall medicine seems to be working great after two days, good alternative to amoxicillin.
I 'v been taking Paxil for almost a year now for depression and anxiety.  I used to have panic attacks almost everyday.  After being on Paxil for a few months I stopped having any panic attacks.  The only problem I have is that I sleep too much and seem to have gained some weight.  If I forget to take my medication I start crying a lot.  Overall I feel normal while taking Paxil.  I still cry and feel sad sometime but not in excess.
(54) yr old male: Metformin worked very quickly to lower my blood glucose levels from almost 400 to progressively down to avg of 130 within 10 days.  My only complaint is the side effect of very noticeable BLURRED vision and soreness around my eyes. I have always been blessed to have 20/20 vision so this is not something I am used to. I am willing to deal with this side effect as long as my glucose levels are back to normal. As we all know, a lifestyle change with regard to diet and exercise is a MUST. My situation was a &quot;wake up call&quot; and my plans are to eventually be weaned off Metformin within 6 months. Be encouraged and don 't give up. 
I have been on Avapro about a week and do not really have any noticeable side effects. Beta blockers are much worse for making you tired. Avapro seems to have helped my blood pressure a little but not as much as my beta blockers.  The only thing I noticed is a dry cough by I am not sure if that is the Avapro or allergies.  I take 100 mg of CO-Q10 once a day and that has helped with the side effects of the beta blockers and it may be helping me not see side effects of Avapro, for anyone who feels fatigue and takes blood pressure medication, try CO-Q10, its got low risk for side effects and tends to helps to bring back energy level that are partially caused by depleted CO-Q10 when you take blood pressure medication.
Cleared my skin fast although I had to discontinue it after about a week or so as it was making me feel very nauseous, I also got very itchy. However within a few days the acne was back with vengeance! I started taking them again in desperation and found that when I took them earlier in the day (before my usual 8oclock mark) I no longer felt nauseous and the itching isn 't as bad but its a small price to pay for clearer skin!
I 'm 21 and I 've started taking Trinessa on March 20th and its been working great! No pregnancy scare which I love! One big flaw it did have on me was when I got my period on the first of April which I had it for 2 whole weeks! The first week was super duper heavy and I 've never gotten it like this before. This is the first birth control I taken so after 3 kids Trinessa is working. My body is just getting use to this birth control I guess.
it is effective.got a good medication..
I 've been taking clindamycin 300 mg 3 times a day for 6 days now it was prescribed to me because I had a tooth pulled and ended up getting infected.after taking it for 2 days the swelling in my face went down and finally on day six I have no pain I have however experience some cramping in my stomach very little nothing that interrupts my daily routine and have had some nausea but doesn 't last long and nothing I can 't handle.other than this I 've been good with it BUT.....this is only day 6 so I 'll see how I feel once I 've finished all the antibiotics..
So I 've only been on this pill for a month. Before this, I was on Yasmin for a month, and before that, I was on Junel Fe for 4 months, and before that, Lo Loestrin Fe for 2 months. I know it 's still pretty early, but so far it is a great pill. On Yasmin, I was a monster. My temperament is usually very laid-back and carefree, but I was an emotional, depressed mess. After switching to Apri, it almost feels like an antidepressant for me. I 'm in such a happy, good mood all the time. So far, I 've only gotten sad one day the week before my period week, where I cried a little, but nothing compared to last month on Yasmin. So far no weight gain either, my skin hasn 't broken out on this, and my boobs are getting bigger (plus for me, being an A cup).
My doctor put me on Cymbalta for chronic pain with Fribro/Arthritis/Bursitis/Bulging discs. I have been taking it for a week now and cant seem to shake some of the side effects.  My pain is almost completely gone and I am so thankful for that. However, my eyes are so dilated all the time that everything is blurry and I practically live in a cave.  In the 6 days I have been taking it I have lost almost 10 lbs, I am not sleeping (though they say this will get better) and during the day I am having so tired it takes everything in me to stay awake at work. My reflexes are lacking as well: I am dropping things, losing my balance and my reaction time when driving is a little sketchy. But all that aside, my pain is gone :)
fibromyalgia sufferer for 10 years
I have been on the patch, Xulane, for over a year and this is my second time being on it due to insurance changes. Can wear it on your upper back/arm or abdomen. I usually switch from my left/right side of my abdomen to hide it under my pants each week for 3 weeks and then remove it for my off week (my period.) It 's easier knowing when I am going to start by using the stickers that come in the box each month I am able to apply to my home calendar that no one sees (then there are stickers you place on the patch so the third patch you know to call in your refill.) It 's a good system but I sometimes start my period in the middle of my third patch instead of my off week. My libido is down somewhat. Doesn 't always stay stuck to my body (scary.)
I was prescribed Drysol by my dermatologist, I was open to try anything because I deal with hyperhidrosis and bromhidrosis. You can 't use any deodorants with this product so that made me nervous the first application was fine but I was smelly the next day as I couldn 't use deodorant. Over the course of a few days it started working more and I was sweating a lot less. However the cons are that this product is so irritating! My skin was raw to the point that when I moved my arms it hurt. You have to apply the solution at bedtime and it was to the point that I couldn 't fall asleep due to the pain of the irritation. And this was after I had stopped doing daily applications and was only applying it every 2 to 3 days. overall I wouldn 't recommend
Have taken 30mg daily since mid July. Up until this week I have been very pleased at how effectively it has stopped my binge eating. However this week it has prevented me from sleeping at night for 4 nights straight. Scary. Not sure how to stop taking it safely.
So, I started Belviq over a week ago and so far I 'm liking the results. I have lost over 10lbs in the first week and I also have noticed my cravings are very minimal.  I do get full quickly and stay full. I 'm eating normal portions and healthier choices. I cannot wait to see the rest of the time. I 'm also working out 3-4X a week.
Idk why everyone is saying the burning / itching is not tolerable. I would describe it as a moderate annoyance. I put the medicine in about a half an hour ago and yes there is itching and a slight burning but I 'm glad because I know it 's working. I 'm not sure if my pain tolerance is higher but I am just relaxing and ignoring it and by the morning it will be gone. I did not take a shower immediately before using the medicine so not sure if that makes any difference. I have had yeast infections before and have always had this reaction.. It 's only one day so you just have to bear it and look forward to not having a yeast infection anymore. Obviously it 's going to be worse than taking a pill but what do you expect?
I have been on Cymbalta for about 2 1/2 years and it has greatly improved my life. It had to be increased to 90mg per day but now am feeling that it is not helping me much. Overall it has been a real blessing for me.
I have &quot;jumpers knee&quot; tendonitis. I play softball and I am a outfielder...I also workout 5 times a week. Back in my days I ran track as well...I guess it all caught up to me in my early 30 's ..I couldn 't lift my leg below my knee it was so painful, my sports dr prescribed Voltaren and when I used it as prescribed 4x 's a day I saw a good bit of improvement...
This medication works great for those with cronic insomnia.  My only complaint is weight gain which for me was not an option since I work hard at watching my weight.  I was taking 50  mg and had nightmares with talking in my sleep. I since stopped taking nightly and only use after I can 't sleep for a few days. However, almost each time I take it I have the verbal nightmares. Keep in mind these r my side effects and may not happen to you, as far as a sleep aid it works great.
Just start on 5 Oct at 278lb - been tracking food and exercise in fitnesspal. Minor side effects that pass quickly. I asked doctor for this as it contains buprion which I was on nearly 16 years ago. I lost weight while on that and was able to maintain for some time. Due to lifestyle changes, stress, bad foot and age (51 now) I gained a lot of weight in the past 10 years and have been trying so many different ways to get control back but was not having success. Since being on contrave I feel more focused don 't need to snack between meals and am already down to 272.5lb. I really hope I have the success some other have had - good luck to everyone whose fighting to control their weight it 's hard for some of us but not impossible
I used a little more than recommended to cover all thinning areas.maybe 75% of the cap each time. For the first few weeks there was shedding and then growth of hair throughout scalp (crown and most of top scalp) at month 3 to 4 of usage but at same time (month 3 to 4 of usage) , I experienced extremely low libido. I have completely stopped the medication for 3 weeks now and I think I am recovering. Thanks.
I was prescribed 10mg of Escitalopram for anxiety/depression and took half a pill for a week to get started. I have had IBS my whole life (diarrhea right after eating or several times a night/day) which morphed into severe gas and bloating with the onset of my depression and anxiety due to work related stress.  I felt great after 2 weeks, very zen and not irritable or unhappy and unexpectedly my IBS symptoms also improved significantly (though bloating never fully went away). I was told it could make your stomach upset which worried me but I had no symptoms except very low libido. Due to the low libido, I decided to stop taking it but with in 1-2 weeks of stopping, the IBS bloating is back.
Well I 've been taking Zoloft for anxiety and panic attacks 50mg for 7 weeks now and it does work for panic and anxiety I havnt had an attack and my anxiety levels are pretty much low as can be, my mind feels clearer and I feel more relaxed and able to concentrate on things again, the only down side to taking this that I have felt is being tired a bit and being a bit lethargic and less motivation to do anything, also had very vivid dreams but they can be good so that 's not a bad thing to deal with, looking to go back to see if I can lower the dose of possible to help with the feeling of lethargic/less energy but it does what it says it 's stops panic and anxiety of you stick with it, I can relax again!
I 'm 15 and got the shot about 2 months ago. So far, my periods have remained regular. On the downside, I now feel hungry ALL the time. All I do is eat.. I have these irresistible cravings now. I 'm noticing weight gain of course because I 'm stuffing my face, but I 'm miserable if I don 't eat what I 'm craving or when I 'm hungry. Also, I 've been having excruciating headaches. I already have migraines. I had them for years, before I got on the shot. but they had stopped when I started a new medicine. now they 're back since I 'm on the shot. It 's terrible, hopefully the cravings, appetite, headaches, and also these mood swings I 've been having get better. If not I 'm switching.
I 've been taking this medication for about 4 days now.  It 's done an excellent job dispursing the infection below my tooth and behind my eardrum.  The condition was very painful at one point and I hardly notice an issue now. 
This new anti-viral, used exclusively with Pegalated Interferon is a God-send for people with genome 2 HCV. My wife got the virus in a blood transfusion back in the late 80 's or early 90 's.  She went through the old interferon therapy without (ribavirin) and it is back.  I contracted the virus from her, had little hope, but I have been RNA negative in all blood test since the 2nd month of treatment.  With the help of support groups, I 've been able to manage most of the mean side effects.  The trade-off is very much worth it.
I used the cream today no problem but it is for external use only. The suppositories are the only things that should be used internally and it sounds like some of you used the cream incorrectly. Like most of you I had rubbed/scratched myself raw and worse you scratched the more it is going to burn.
We are trying it since our 7 month old son had RSV and has chronic lung issues and asthma problems since. It is working very well.  He has also been exposed several times to hand, foot, and mouth disease (coxsackie virus) and has only had a couple of blisters so I think it helped him not break out as bad. Something worth researching.
The drug works. I needed to exercise.  Without exercise I experience headaches and weird dreams. But when I get out and walk, I feel much much better and the weight comes off faster to. I went from 265lb down to 195lb and my enthusiasm for walking and finally hitting the gym, increased.  I lost all the cravings and especially the feeling that I 'm hungry all the time. That helped me get started. Then eating very little each day and exercising is the key. HOWEVER, don 't stop taking the drug cold turkey. I did that, and I turned lethargic and my hunger and cravings for fast food, doughnuts, ice cream and sugary drinks hit twice as hard and I gained back 85 pounds. Now I have to start all over.
Got hospitalized. upped to 10mg morning and evening. This dose has helped my symptoms. I 've had blackouts, and panic attacks and sex problems with every other atypical out there. Zyprexa is great. Only negative is gaining weight fast, while being slightly sedating, which makes it harder to exercise.
Been taking Microgestin for three months. (Had to get off Levora because of seriously chronic nausea)The first month on Microgestin I was just a couple hours late taking a pill and bled almost immediately. Second and third months haven 't missed a pill and my periods have been almost nonexistent. Super scary on month two but really an appreciated bonus I hope continues.
Bupropion will ruin your sex life. No more  sexual desires, no more full erections ,  if you really don 't need it, don 't take it.   I am a a pharmacist ,  I hear complaints all day.  Good for depression
I started taking antibiotics for my acne because of a benzoyl peroxide allergy and severe facial sensitivity that made topicals almost impossible. Started with 6 months on doxycycline which worked fantastic but made me terribly nauseous no matter what I did. Two months after, my acne came back twice as bad so I started minocycline. No side affects and it worked quickly and effectively! After finishing a six month course, my skin did get worse but then evened out and I 'm now happy with how it looks. It 's not a permanent fix or even a fix for everyone and you 've got to stay consistent with topicals when you go off of it but you 'll start to see the effects two weeks in and by a month your skin will look amazing!
I was taking Maxzide for several years and had to stop, temporarily, for other health issues. Within days, my face was so puffy, had gained 8 pounds and then my ankes and feet became very swollen and achey. I sure hope the doctor will let me start taking it again and figure out a different resolution for the other issue!
I 've been on this for about a year or so. I didn 't like it at first, I got nauseous and couldn 't eat, and got terrible headaches. Now everything is fine. No weight gain, my breasts may have gotten a 1/2 cup bigger. No effect on my sex drive. No pregnancies, so it gets the job done!
I 've been on it for about 1 1/2 years now and at first it worked great at keeping me on a schedule. However at this point, if I forget to take it just for one day within a month of the day I 'm supposed to start the placebo, then I 'm going to start on the missed day instead. It seems like it 's losing it 's strength on me because I 'm getting more acne around &quot;that&quot; time. The hormone fluctuations are still pretty obvious to my body because I still get migraines. No change in cramps, but as long as they 're not worse, I 'm okay with it. With those negatives out of the way, I can say that I haven 't gained any weight and as long as I don 't forget, it does a pretty good job of keeping me on the 90 day schedule.
I was on this pill for almost 7 years straight.  I had zero issues with side effects. No mood swings, nausea, depression or changes in appetite.  Sex drive was the same if not increased.  I had fluctuated with weight on this pill but it was because of bad diets.  I ended up loosing the weight with proper eating habits and exercise.  The problem I have with this pill is that towards the end of my time on it I started getting break through bleeding.  IT IS ANNOYING.  Otherwise this pill is perfect for me.  I went off the pill for a few years and went back on to this because of ovarian cysts.  After a few months the breakthrough bleeding still came back.  Sometimes it 's so light I don 't notice, other times it 's like having a second period.
Did anyone else have a problem with the insert actually staying in? Either the plunger doesn 't work correctly or the insert just starts sliding down, I don 't know. It does stop the itching and burning temporarily.
I just started taking 5 mg Brintellix yesterday.  Because of the fear of nausea I decided to take it before bedtime along with my Ativan to make sure I sleep good and not wake up if there is any nausea. I ate some bread with it too. I woke up this morning feeling fine. No nausea! I had someWeird dreams though! Will update!
I have only been on this medicine for 3 days.  It tastes very bad.  Use a Listerine strip if you don 't like the taste.  It is not that bad for me.  I take it twice a day, but I have to drink a pot of coffee in the morning so not to fall asleep.  I feel better, not sure if it it is the coffee or the medicines.  I do sleep very well with it.  Haven 't had this much sleep in years.
It did reduce my blood pressure but it made me itch
I have been taking dramamine for years (since I was a child) to prevent my terrible motion sickness. It works incredibly well at keeping me from getting nauseated. My only problem with it is that it makes me so drowsy! If it is a shortish flight or bus ride, I still get nauseous but don 't always want to take a dramamine because I 'll be so drowsy once arriving at my destination. A 4+ hour flight/bus/boat though, and dramamine is for sure the way to go, particularly if it is overnight travel and you will be wanting to sleep anyway.
I started taking TriNessa about three months ago as a primary birth control while I am on Isotretinoin (Accutane).  Overall, I have had a positive experience with it; I haven 't had any nausea, headaches, abnormal mood swings, or acne flares.  The main negative thing I have to say is when my first period started while taking this I had the WORST cramps ever, and a pretty heavy flow.  However, my second period rolled around, and I did not have any cramps at all plus a normal flow!  The only other side effects I have experienced are hair loss and some breast tenderness.
My 6.5 year old son has been taking this medicine for over a year.  A few months after taking it, we switched him to Ritalin but the Ritalin made his behavior crazy.  I don 't have much to complain about this medicine.  Any ADHD medication is going to make your child zombie-like.  My son takes 10MG XR in the morning and I can literally see the switch in his personality in about 10 minutes.  He is supposed to take 5mg non extended release after school, however, I hardly give that to him anymore.  I sometimes break the 5mg pill in half and just have him take 2.5mg to focus on his homework, if I see him struggling.  We just had his medication reduced to 5MG in the morning, 2.5 after lunch and 2.5 later in the afternoon - waiting to see how this works out.
There should be a WARNING on this, NOT to take while driving. Can make you extremely dizzy, spaced out, eye pain, etc.
Great at first, but I got tolerance within a couple weeks. At first it was like I was 16 years old but with a lot more stamina. But the super erection effect didn 't last past 3 weeks.
Reading these reviews will make people anxious to try this medication. All I will say is to keep in mind most of these people are taking multiple pills at once (you should start with one then progress as needed) and/or they 're not drinking enough water with the pill. You should drink about two glasses worth of water and keep drinking a full glass every hour or so. I take this medication because my meds give me constipation quite badly and the doctor said to drink a lot of water with it. Don 't take anything that effects the stomach like Zantac or Prevacid for the first hour, so the bisacodyl isn 't hindered by anything.
Aderrall has really helped me stay alert and concentrate, as I have chronic pain issues which leave me sleepy and unfocused.  I have the energy to enjoy life again.  I do have difficulty sleeping, and also since I do not take XR can &quot;crush&quot; it  if I forget my second dose. I have noticed it makes me most irritable and difficult to be around.  This side effect seems to have waned over time, but I am still occasionally cranky when it wears off.
I have had five injections of Neulasta in conjunction with chemo therapy.  The only side effect I notice is one that is not listed.  About 12 hours after the injection I develop a headache, low grade fever, and very tender glands. This lasts 48 hours and eases away.  It does improve my counts.
Thiss pill makes it alot easier to cope with life and its everyday activities. Some side effects are obvious but this really does work
I began Belviq in August 2015. Overall I was very pleased with my results. I took it religiously for 3 months, and lost 30 pounds! The only side effect I experienced was weight loss.  I had to make myself eat, and used My Fitness Pal to journal my nutrition/calories. I tried to stick to a 1000 to 1200 calorie limit, but most of the time I ate less. The down side to Belviq: just after I ordered anothe 3 month supply, it quit working altogether. I tried waiting a month, then trying again, unfortunately, it no longer worked for me...period. I was devastated. I have switched to another weight loss program, but too soon to see results.
I 've been using Differin for 2 years now, and it has worked well for me. I still get small bumps though and am going to ask my dermatologist for the 0.3% Differin because I am currently on the 0.1%. I think using the stronger cream will clear it all up. 
Suffered from insomnia for ~5 years before being prescribed Zolpidem 10mg. It took about 15 minutes to work and it put me to sleep very quickly. After ~1 week I built up tolerance and my doctor increased my dose to 20mg before bed. This gave me increased side effects - seeing double, increased drowsiness the morning after. I would also do/say things I had no memory of, and sometimes I wouldn 't be able to tell if what I was remembering was a dream or whether it actually happened. Overall, it put me to sleep but the side effects were quite severe. A very good treatment in the short term, but it starts to mess with your sense of reality at higher doses once your tolerance builds up.
&quot;Accident happened with me on Sep 19. 3days after I finished my period.  I freaked out and took a pill within 10-12 hours ( first time in my life). I was fine. No side effects besides 5days later I started spotting. It 's been already 11days of spotting. I went to the doctor to checked out and she told me everything fine. Im so nervous why I still spotting. Does anyone had same experience as I? 11days?? Stressed out. If anyone had please reply me.Many many thanks
I have been on Implanon since 2007. At first my left arm where it was inserted had pain for the 1st week but for the whole year it was great. I didn 't experience any of the side effects. Now that it is 2010 it is still in my arm, but my menstruation cycles skip a month and then I get it and when I do its heavier. I 'm not sure if I gained weight because of this product, but I was naturally always skinny before this product. I exercise and eat normally as I used to so I 'm not to sure if it is the Implanon implant. But I love this birth control very much because it works well as far as not having to worry so much about it, but I have had mood swings especially now for no reason and a little lower sex drive.
I 'm 30 and have been on Sprintec BC pill since I was 16. I was so tired of the low sex drive that the pill gave me, so I decided to make the move to ParaGard. The insertion was very painful, I took two Advil Liquid gel pills prior to showing up to my Dr. 's I like to think I have a high pain tolerance but I won 't lie, it wasn 't fun. It 's now day 3 and I 'm still cramping and bleeding but it 's getting better...At the moment I would do anything to get rid of the cramping but I have hope that this was the right move for me!
My daughter has been taking this for 7 months with almost no side affects.  Her reading level increased from 3.1 to 4.5 in 6 months and her grades overall increased to A 's.  Our only problem is that we are having behavior problems with her at home as the medication is wearing off, and prior to taking it in the morning.  We are currently adding another drug to see if it helps with this issue.  Her behavior at school has not changed.
I 've had Nexplanon since October 2013 and so far its been alright. The insertion was painless but my only concern is the bleeding and discharge. A week or two after having it inserted I spotted and discharged on and off which was really annoying being that I have a high sex drive and I 'm not the type to have sex while I 'm discharging or on my period. I just recently started my first full period this week so hopefully once it pass everything will get back to normal! Other than that I love it and I would still recommend it to anyone.
I have an unexplained food allergy that causes my esophagus (only esophagus) to close up completely with food in it.  Cannot swallow saliva, as it builds up and makes me gag and choke as it goes down my windpipe when it builds up high enough.  I was instructed to take 9mg (3, 3mg capsules)  by removing the pellets from the capsules and eating them without water so they touch my esophagus directly.  No side effects that I notice and it makes me able to eat. A God send - a must have for me.  
I have had several extreme bouts of vertigo over the past couple of years follwed predictably by nausea and vomiting.  after about 3 hours I can get up but for the next 24-36 hours I just want to rest sleep as it takes all the starch out of me.  this last time,  I have been given a diagnosis of Meniere 's Disease. the last vertigo attack happened in a public place and resulted in a trip to the ER room. they gave me Meclizine and I think it was helpful in the aftermath as I felt like my balance was off for a couple of days.  if I feel another attack coming (they are hard to foretell) I may try the 3x daily 25mg to head it off.  I asked my doctor if I should stay on it but he said no...not sure why?
At first, like most people say, the symptoms were terrible. Abdominal and back pain, slight nausea, mood swings, general foggy feeling in my brain. After a couple of days, the symptoms decreased and now all I experience is some mood instability the day I replace my patch. I 've never had a problem with it falling off, though it does tend to get fuzzy around the edges from your clothes. It does kind of kill your sex drive at first, but I feel like I 'm back to normal now. Hooray for regular periods and no babies!
Take it with water or juice, it has lowered my cholesterol significantly over the last 6 months.
exellent
My doc started me on phentermine 15mg because I have high BP and she was worried about it. My first month on the medicine I didn 't feel any different but did lose 7lbs. She just gave me phentermine 37.5mg and today is my first day taking and let me tell you I have a ton of energy and have a hard time staying still! Not complaining! Looking forward to this weight loss journey and will post after my first month on 37.5mg
I 've been on Vyvanse a few years and I remember the exact moment I realized it kicked in. Out of the blue I thought &quot;oh my goodness&quot; is this what normal feels like. My main reason for this post is in reading here I 've noticed a couple of people have mentioned the expense. If you go to Vyvanse website you can get a savings card, the card brings the cost to $30:)
So far I have been on the Butran 's patch for about 2 weeks. I have a rare genetic disorder called Familial Mediterranean Fever. Basically my body can 't stop normal body inflammation and hormones, physical exertion, and strong emotions can make the inflammation worse and that is an attack. The pain is unbelievable. I 've been on Vicodin for the chronic pain and for the pain when I have an attack for 3 years. After being on Norco 's for 8 months they just weren 't doing it for me anymore during my attacks. My doctor started me on the 10mg Butran 's patches along with my normal amount of Norco pills. Right now I can only say that it helps along with the pills (3-4 a day). But they itch really bad, I get a rash at the site, and I have problems peeing.
I get migraines every day to every other day. Taking this, I definitely have to still watch my diet super hard to avoid food triggers. I don 't wake up with migraines and would say I only have about 1 or 2 a week now. Not a miracle but helps a lot!!
50 yr old male-Undiagnosed PE in left lung. Had always been VERY active in the gym ( weights etc). Been on Rivaroxaban for 3 months now and looking forward to getting off the medication in another 3 months as long as haematology results okay. I really notice I am on this drug with good and bad days but tiredness and lack of  'get up and go ' is getting to me. I still go in the gym which I think helps actually (run 5 miles and then light weights 3 to 4 times a week). I do sometimes suffer headaches and blurred vision too. I just pray I am not on this for life and have empathy for those unfortunately who are!       It is better to be alive though and there will be alternatives one day-stay strong and live life to the full!!
I 've been taking it for 2 weeks and I love it. Best thing I 've taken.  I feel more level and energetic than I have in years.
Hi! I had my Skyla inserted at 11am this morning. I 've been on birth control pills since I was 18 (I 'm now 31) with a history of ovarian cysts (when I was 17) and periods that were super heavy and lasted 7-10 days (prior to taking any pill). My last pill, Natazia, caused a pedunculated fibroid to grow to 12cm (larger than a grapefruit) and 7 smaller ones. I had an abdominal myomectomy on 7/21/15 and Skyla was the best option for continued birth control since estrogen caused my fibroids.The insertion was not pleasant. It hurt, maybe a 7 out of 10 and is absolutely like a cramp.Spotting all day long and popping Advil for cramps! Hoping tomorrow the cramping is over and I can feel normal! Fingers crossed as this IUD is my only option!
Its great.
I started having panic attacks 3 years ago when going through deaths in the family and the ending of my marriage, to being a single Mom.I just could not cope with it any longer I can 't tell you the trips to the ER. Just to be gave a lorazepam.My doctor tried other benzo 's but they just did not help the sudden attacks. They have upped my dose.But at this point Xanax is a life saver and I don 't know what I would do without them. The only draw back is the half life they wear off to soon and I will not take another dose until time to take it again, those few hours are not good. But 2 and 1/2 milligrams a day is far as I will take this. I have been on benzodiazepines for three years and that scares me, but not like the panic attack, those make you feel like your having a heart-attack or worse. I have had some that I really did not think I was going to live through.So my Xanax stays until I can get off them when the stress is gone and a taper off, never suddenly go off them it could be very dangerous. A taper down is best but from what I have heard it 's not pleasant.
I 've had Nexplanon for about 7 months now, and at the beginning of this month my implant broke. My doctor and the other doctors in the clinic had absolutely no idea what the potential side effects could be, and my doctor ended up calling the manufacturers and even they didn 't know anything about what harm it could do to my body. I 've experienced strange periods, lots of spotting, and HORRIBLE mood swings, along with constantly being tired (all of this after the implant had broken) I 'm absolutely appalled at the way that my situation has been handled thus far, I 've tried getting in contact with both my doctor and the manufacturing company numerous times, still with no answer. I 'm getting it removed. Maybe alongside a lawsuit.
Not for everyone... BUT; I myself had a great experience with this drug. I was prescribed for my anxiety (mostly at night before bed) and it works wonderfully. Not a &quot;high&quot; feeling whatsoever, but simply relaxed, maybe a bit drowsy, but definitely not high. Great for anxiety, but everyone 's different.
Lexapro has helped tremendously with my depression symptoms. However, for me, it doesn 't fully work for anxiety unless I couple with low dosages of xanax. The two drugs together make a world of difference in terms of anxiety and depression. I take 10 mg of each
I give it an 8 because I loved this pill for 8 years.  Just recently I started having problems with it.  Now my sex drive decreased, chronic sinus infections....which I now link to this pill because over the last 7 months I have tried others and my sinuses have been great...now back on lessina and yet another sinus infection and clogged up nasal passages, rash on chest and bad melasma now.   I think my body has changed over the years and it doesn 't tolerate this one anymore.  I did love it for years though.
I switched to this from Aranelle after having horrible depression and extremely sore breasts.  This medication made me feel significantly better, so it has taken me about 9 months to realize the extent of the negative side effects, plus they 're getting worse, not better.  Without the pill I generally have a 25ish day cycle.  With the pill, it 's still about 25 days.  Was the same on Aranelle. However, the longer I take the  pills, the more erratic my cycle is becoming.  Now I get my period every 15 to 25 days, with no rhyme or reason behind the changes.  I 'm having worsening mood swings from mildly depressed to extremely giddy, sometimes several in a day.  I also have horrible brain fog.  I will be changing pills this month.
I have  used the  250/50 disks but I don 't use it as much as  I 'm prescribed 
I took Paxil for nearly 9 months and it seemed to cure all my ailments. I didn 't realize how many things were attributed to my anxiety including, chest pains, nausea, headaches, etc. I really felt great (after a week or so of insomnia which is a common side-effect). I recently stopped taking Paxil since I was feeling so great. That is really tough. I had awful dizziness (but again this is to be expected) for about 10 days. Several weeks later I am realizing I felt much better on Paxil and am thinking of returning to it.
I sometimes have mood problems, which I believe are related to blood sugar issues because when I am careful to not consume refined sugars, I feel much better. I also experience joint pain because of the decades of physical labour.I have been taking SAMe for more than 15 years, 200 mg every morning before breakfast.It affects me in a subtle way, It seems to pick my mood up a bit. I can 't take it at night before I go to bed because it makes my brain overactive and I can 't sleep.Lately, I 've been searching the Internet for information about the long term side effects because I am a little worried about taking this substance regularly for such an extended period of time. The dosage is low (200 mg daily), but still, 15 years is a long time
Trazodone was the first prescribed medication I started taking for my insomnia and I love it. Its non habit-forming which is just what I was looking for and it knocks me out. I finally get a normal days sleep.
Started taking 2mg. Before bed...able to sleep for 5-6 hrs. Feeling tired , fuzzy most of next day. Worried all day about sleeping . Improved sex life, greatly improved ejaculation control.
I am on my 5th day of the 14 day treatment and am beginning to feel better. I read the effects on this drug and was very apprehensive about taking it. However, I am pleased to report that my side-effects are minimal. They include slightly bad taste, slight nausea and constipation. I 'll report back upon the conclusion of my  treatment.
I 'm 18 and I have had the implant for about 3 months. Overall, it has been very effective for it 's main purpose and my skin has improved massively. My periods are still regular but now last much longer (about 8 days) and are so light that using tampons is out of the question. I do experience more mood swings and often cry for no reason. The biggest side effect I 've noticed has been my weight, I have lost a lot of weight and have nearly no appetite and when I do eat I feel nauseous. I also can 't drink alcohol without being sick all of the next day, not sure whether this is the implant but it only became an issue after getting it. I much prefer this method than the pill and would recommend, still waiting for my body to settle down!
So far I
This has been a God send for my generalized anxiety. After being a heavy marijuana user, I was left with near-crippling amounts of anxiety in my daily life. Neurontin controls it very well and gave me my life back. I do still get panic attacks, but I use a benzodiazepine for those and it 's been pretty good.
When I first got the implant in 1 1/2 years ago I had my period non-stop for 2 months and have only had one period since then. I had extreme muscle fatigue and pain for a month after the implantation.  I experienced no weight change but went from having perfectly clear skin to extremely bad acne. I also have experienced extreme changes in mood since getting it in. I 've considered getting it taken out because of the acne issues but am enjoying not having a period.
Been using the cream form ciclopirox for two weeks. My nails are less painful and I have noticed softer skin in the nail because I have keratosis between nail and nail bed. Hopefully in six months my nails will be healthy again.
Great product, highly recommend it for early treatment of cold sores, chapped lips/nose, even little burning scratches on hands and knees of little kids, gives soothing treatment.I use the blistex gel, and carry it in my pocket in times of need.
I 'm 5 '2&quot;-today marks 2 weeks on med. Started @192 now @183. 1st week did 0.6mg. Lost ~6lb, probably H2O? @1.8mg today but scale hasn 't moved in days. Small needle-no pain. Few times had stinging-not bad. Dose initially @ night, switched to AM. No side effects 5 days, then had a bad migraine. No nausea like others. Appetite is crushed! Have to force brkfast &amp; barely eat lunch. I 'm &quot;hungry&quot; @dinner, but can only stomach a few bites. ~800 cal/day? No snacking. Few times felt dizzy, increased H2O &amp; ate protein. Constipation is main problem now. Senna tea &amp;lots of H2O to help. Little exercise now, but will start walking. Goal to be about 120lbs @Christmas ~60lbs more to lose. Ins covers @ $50 copay. Wish me luck!
I have been taking Kapidex for about 3 weeks now and it is a strange medication. I seem to have less ulcer pain now but my stomach acid is higher than when I was taking Prilosec OTC. Also since taking the medication I have needed to use antacids which I never did with the Prilosec or the Prevacid 30 mg. The studies show this works long term (8 weeks) but I can 't wait that long to find out.
I think I 've been suffering from seasonal disorder for most of my adult life.  I live in Alaska, the sun comes and goes.  It 's been 2weeks on WB, and I 'm not sure what to think.  My anxiety and depression are next to nothing, but I feel like I 'm missing something in my brain, if that makes sense.  I 'm pretty much just doing a routine everyday,  but without anger. The wife likes the improvement in my mood, as do the kids. So I 'll probably keep taking it to make them happy.
I started Sprintec about two weeks ago. I started taking it because of my irregular periods and painful cramps. So far I have had little symptoms but nothing huge. I have been spotting brown discharge since my last period everyday. That 's kind of annoying and I hope it goes away. And my breasts have been tender in the morning. Other than that, I haven 't had any weight gain and my mood has been good. So far this pill has been great.
I got nexplanon in July and haven 't had a period or any kind of breakthrough bleeding since. No weight gain or loss. However I 've noticed a significant increase monthly of severe depression and anxiety. Is the nexplanon the reason or life in general I 'm not sure. I was warned about the depression being a side effect. I 've even had  suicidal thoughts and am no longer social or interested in anything. Again is it nexplanon or is it just the way things are going in my life? It 's hard to tell. But I do LOVE not having a period ever. See drive is 0....not good for the hubby. I feel extremely tense all the time. Smiling has become a thing of the past. It 's doing it 's job but so is the no sex drive. I am considering removing it tho.
My anxiety has improved and I am sleeping much better. Only possible problem I have noticed is a dip in my mood on the depressed side.
I have been on first 5mg then 10 mg now 20 mg of Saphris since 10-14. At first I thought I 'd fould the Holy Grail of schizophrenia!  All hallucinations just stopped!  However, as time goes on, schizophrenia sticks it 's insidious little head out of the sand and back I go into the hospital. Overall-compared to the other anti-psychotics out there, pretty good stuff man.
I 'm glad to see others have experienced hair loss.  I 've been on 300mg since last October.  Medication is working well with no side effects other than the hair loss.
Currently, I 'm 26 and had a laparoscopy done in May, receiving my official diagnosis with endometriosis. Birthcontrol options like Seasonsique actually made the pain worse and I bled constantly so my doctor prescribed Necon non-cyclically: take it for three months straight and then have a period akin to Seasonique. It has worked wonders for me after four months: no spotting or bleeding in between, only minor cramps at beginning of my period, period is lighter, I haven 't gained weight from it, and my acne cleared up by month 3 (full disclosure: it made it worse for the first month, then it cleared it up). It did negatively affect my mood for a couple months but I 've bounced back to normal.
I am now 19 years old. 2 years out of HIgh School I severely broke my hand from a fight. I have never felt so much pain in my life. I underwent 3 surgeries, 3 plates and 24 screws later my hand was somewhat normal still a lot of pain. Now im getting ready to leave for the United States AirForce and can not take narcotic pain medication. My doctor recommended 200mg Ultram ER. IT WORKS WONDERS and it doesn 't show in my drug screening. I never thought I could take one pill a day and be pain free.
I was on Adderal at 9, it worked okay. Then I was taken off treatment until the age of 19. I 've been on it for a couple of weeks. I can tell that my focus is starting to get better and I notice that when I do certain chores around the house I do them to such depths and extremes. 
Started victoza about 6 weeks ago after increasing weekly to 1.2  oh boy was I belching and it  smelled like eggs!!  Couldn 't eat much and was ok with that but I 've tried skipping meals in the past and that didn 't help my weight loss journey so I 've tried to eat at least 2 meals daily  I eat a low sugar 2 carb daily limit and attend cardio classes at the gym twice weekly.  My blood sugar levels are good  but I 've not lost much weight -- down about 8 pounds   was hoping for more but will keep at it!  Going to slowly increase to the last dose to see if that helps!    Fingers crossed !!
I too had a problem breathing and tightness in my chest. The doctor didn 't believe that it was my new medicine and started treating me for asthma. I started reading about the medicine and learned that this was a side effect. I stopped taking it for a week or so and I have noticed a big difference in my breathing! I love the outcome of the medicine so I am going to try to take it only 2 or so times a week to see if that helps.
After experiencing severe anxiety from Wellbutrin, I started taking Zoloft 4 days ago while decreasing Wellbutrin.  While I think it will work with my brain chemistry, as I am already much more relaxed and easier to be around (no more snappishness), the eye dilation, sweats, nausea and general sick feeling aren 't fun but expected.  Thanks for all the feedback from others.  It helps manage my expectations.
I have  PTSD with psychosis  and have switched from risperidone due to leaking breasts and loss of period. Seems to be working fine but I prefer to take meds at night then pass out which makes eating with geodon difficult. So far so good. My docs think it 's my best chance to have a period again not that I can have any more children with all the drugs I take (clonazepam &amp; sertraline also).
I 'm currently taking both of these antibiotics for an abscess, my toothache went  within a day and my swelling has calmed down slightly but it 's become a lot easier to talk and smile again due to the pain disappearing (I physically couldn 't smile to a certain degree, hurt too much too) Side effects - I have experienced drowsiness, dizziness and I have been feeling light headed but it also really hurts when I move my head, e.g. bending down, moving my head side to side etc. feels like all the blood is rushing to the side I move to? Painful anyway
Have had 2 sinus surgeries in the past 5 years. This is the first sinus infection since my last surgery (2 months of sinus infection) and I just started Avelox yesterday. So far not much of a side effect, have some nausea (but that sure beats another surgery). Good luck all.
Started taking Atorvastatin because the Crestor I was taking previously became far too expensive for me to afford after the promotional discounts ran out and my insurance plan changed, resulting in my having to pick up the entire tab of $920 every 3 months. Atorvastatin, on the other hand, while not quite as effective, was far cheaper, at $30 per 90 days.The test results, while not nearly as good as Crestor (which was AMAZING),but  are still acceptable, with some results a bit beyond the normal ranges, while with Crestor, every result was perfect.Zero side effects. Considering the very low cost of Atorvastatin, I am overall quite happy with it.Age 57. Started taking after a massive heart attack and quintuple bypass surgery.
So far I have been on the Butran 's patch for about 2 weeks. I have a rare genetic disorder called Familial Mediterranean Fever. Basically my body can 't stop normal body inflammation and hormones, physical exertion, and strong emotions can make the inflammation worse and that is an attack. The pain is unbelievable. I 've been on Vicodin for the chronic pain and for the pain when I have an attack for 3 years. After being on Norco 's for 8 months they just weren 't doing it for me anymore during my attacks. My doctor started me on the 10mg Butran 's patches along with my normal amount of Norco pills. Right now I can only say that it helps along with the pills (3-4 a day). But they itch really bad, I get a rash at the site, and I have problems peeing.
I started to take minocycline on a Friday and by Tuesday my break outs had stopped. Obviously I still have scarring but I do not have any new acne. My skin was a bit more sensitive to light, but this was really the only side effect. I also made a number of dietary changes, no coffee, limit dairy, no sugar, etc so this may have helped. At night after work I made sure to do a honey mask to kill bacteria on the surface. Drinking 3+ liters of water may have helped as well. I did take on an empty stomach.
I got a prescription for trinessa about  5 months ago, mostly just to help with my acne, and so far so good. My breakouts last a shorter amount of time and are smaller in size. My period has also gotten shorter and lighter and I hardly get cramps at all. The only drawback is that in the first 2-3 months or so I would get dizzy, slight headaches, and a little more fatigued than usual. Other than that this pill works great. My acne hasn 't completely gone away, but it does help.
Soma worked great then that doctor would not take my insurance. So got another doctor and he would only give me Flexeril or baclofen and both absolutely do nothing. I have a herniated disc and get muscle spasms in low back and buttocks they are hard as rock. This medicine with Vicodin does help but it does make you very sleepy and dizzy so be careful driving.
I have had grand-mal seizures since age of 15.  Around 32 I started having partial seizures only I didn 't know that 's what they were till I read a pamphlet in my Drs office.  They put me on Vimpat, which at first did not help with the dizziness I was already feeling from the partial seizures, but after about a year now the dizziness has definitely slowed and I only have partial seizures when I 'm overly, overwhelmed, or stressed.  It doesn 't help with my grand-mal seizures which I have at least 1-2 every month. I have noticed weight gain, and memory loss which I had before the medication, and hair loss, and tingling in my limbs, but if I drink more water it helps with the tingling. As for the hair loss I take biotin and that has helped.
I had two large ovarian cysts that were extremely painful and put me in the ER. My Dr. Prescribed me Mononessa and I just finished my first pack. I had an ultrasound today and one cyst was completely gone and the other is much smaller. After only 3 weeks on this pill I haven 't experienced the pain from my cysts anymore. The only thing is that for the first week on the pill I was extremely nauseous. It also seems that as of right now my acne is almost completely gone.
I had extreme pain during intercourse and also experienced severe atrophy.  The Estring provided a miracle solution.  I have had no side effects, except a little weight gain. My vagina seems to be more lubricated and intercourse is no longer painful.  I am wondering if it is okay to go in a hot tub and take hot baths with it.  I have not found the answer to this question anywhere.
I started using Nuvaring back in 2010 after trying many different birth control pills. I gained around 7 pounds, wanted to sleep all the time and lost completely my sex drive. I had to stop using because the last 6 months I started experiencing severe migraines. So, the only good part about is that Nuvaring didn 't make me feel angry or in a bad mood all the time like the other pills I 've tried before.
I 've had this IUD in for about two weeks now. The insertion process was pretty uncomfortable, but there were only about 3 big cramps that just felt like bad period cramps. The entire process took about 5 minutes and I was able to get up and drive myself home immediately after. I took 3 Ibuprofen prior to coming in and that helped keep the cramps at bay for a while, but you will experience cramps for the first couple of days. They just feel like period cramps, no worse. The only negative thing I 've noticed so far is an increase in acne where my skin was pretty clear beforehand especially around my chin and I 've also been getting headaches every day since I 've had the IUD inserted. Will update in 2 more weeks.
Today I 'm having my first colonoscopy. Yesterday I mixed it with water and orange gatorade. The taste was terrible. Last night, I decided to chill the bottle in the fridge. A few minutes ago I had my second bottle. After each gulp of the Suprep I swished ginger ale around my mouth then spit it out. This way was so much better for me. The ginger ale kills the horrid after taste. Hope this helps :)
While it doesn 't take away all the pain it has helped with the tiredness and the feeling that I was wearing a lead suit.  I still have bad days but so far I am pleased with this medication.  It has helped me more than any other medication that I have tried.
Had mild symptoms that a yeast infection was forming after just getting over an excruciating UTI.  I wanted to get it handled quickly, so I chose the 1 day option.  I had the cottage cheesy discharge along with some thick, white goop.  No foul odor. No itching, just soreness and discomfort. Before using the product I did a home swab test and it was candida, not bacterial. Always test before using this product.  Yes, after a few hours there is some burning and itching, but I bought the pack with wipes and cream included, definitely helps.  The level of pain you might feel is relative.  I do not find it any more painful than the hell I went through with the UTI.  In fact, it is tolerable. Use 3 or 7 day if the side effects will be a problem
Works alright but loses effectiveness over time, so i only take every now and then.
I have severe neuropathy,  and I take a cocktail of pain medicines. This medicine is a very important link to fight pain so I can still go to work.  It is addictive and hard to kick, but I don 't plan on kicking it anytime soon as I need too badly.
It is my first duagnozed yeast infection. I went to doctor after one mild and two extremely itchy nights( itch started on Saturday and I saw the doctor on Tuesday). I decided to wait for a few days before using the medication, and although itching was never as bad as night 2 &amp; 3 I decided to try the medication as my quality of life was going down and my days consumed by this matter and I was having a bit of discharge although I had none at the beginning.I started medication exactly one week after I first felt itching. I was prescribed 7 nights of taro terconazole 0.4% and two doses of fluconazole -150 ( one tablet to be taken 14 days later). This combination has worked for me and now 13 days from day 1 of itching I feel completely normal
i had the bar placed in on may of 2014, since then ive had extremely bad depression which i had to go on medication for. and when i got on the birth  control i weighed 90 pounds on the dot now i weigh 137 pounds and that weight is the hardest to lose. but with that said i go the bar placd in for free from my school health center, i haven 't had my period at all, and this form of birth control works really good. my side effects wont be the same as everyone else. but i highly recommend the bar. i rather have the extra weight for the three years rather than a child to take care of for 18 .
My 12 years old son started Vyvanse 30mg more than one month ago. He is happy with the result in school. But what bothers me is he is kind of in slow motion especially in school (the teachers reported that).
When I was around 17 I started having severe stomach pain and reflux. I went through multiple test and many medications that did not stop the reflux nor the pain. I got to the point I was unable to eat anything without difficulty. I finally went to a GI specialist that found I had a condition that caused by a virus in my system that had caused my white cell to attack my stomach and ended up eating the nerve endings in my stomach and that was causing severe GERD. He placed me on Dexilant and this helped to control the pain and the reflux so I was able to start living a normal life for a 18 year old going off to college. My mother had to fight with insurance many times to have it covered and even now they still threaten to stop. Miracle drug.
my updated I wrote on here before.... well I been taking Provera from February til June my periods always come on time or a day early it was making my cycle  day 30-32-33  but now I supposed to get my period now it not coming on I 'm on day 5 off the pill and that when it come on early in the morning but nothingI thought I was clear of pregnancy I  DD 10 days before my next period with  was about 3 weeks after my last period ..
Dried up the acne after a few months, though side effects during the 12 wk treatment included nosebleeds, peeling lips, sore feet and joints. Worth it though, still get the odd spot, but feel normal again and don 't hide away from the world anymore.
I 've been using this for about 2 and a half weeks now, I initially broke out significantly but now that has calmed down along with my acne in general. I do still get some small zits here and there but they quickly subside or stay very small. My skin also peeled a lot and has dried up but I can see that gradually improving as well. The scarring has gotten slightly better but I 'm liking what I 'm seeing so far overall.
I had inserted Mirena almost 4 months ago. I experienced heavy bleeding about 2 weeks after I got it and everyday after that up until the 2nd month. It started off heavy and gradually lightened up but the heavy bleeding lasted almost a month and it was everyday. The doctor that inserted it said this was normal and the further from insertion date I got it would get better. I 've found this to be true. I am happy with Mirena.
I have been taking temazepan for a couple years now. About a year ago my sister was commenting about taking a new medication that made her get up and eat at night without knowing.  I told her I did the same thing, I would wake up with food plates and a mess in my bed, one time my grandson asked me if I remember asking him if he wanted some of my toast with peanut butter and cake sprinkles on it.  When I woke up that morning I saw the plate on my stand and was wondering where that came from, anyway I asked my sister what medication made her do that and she said Temazepan, just like me.  Very strange, do not know what I will wake up in bed with the next morning, food that is.
I started this medication August 27th 2010...a few days ago. I normally wouldn 't tell anyone what I weigh, but I 'll tell you all, 263 pounds. I 'm 21 I have high cholesterol. I just decided one day that I had enough. So, I made the appointment at my local bariatric clinic. She gave me a combination of Phentermine and Phendimet, as well as a thyroid pill. The first day taking the medication was weird. Cold sweats, nervous but, I did day two and I felt just fine. A little headache, I 'm not sure if it was medication that did it, or my lack of caffeine. I stopped drinking Dr.Pepper. I haven 't taken it that long, only three days. But, I feel good and I am already eating better. I know when I am full. I hope this was helpful to someone.
my experince is with the patches staying on,I put them on excatly as written, but they fall off by the middle of day, they dont stick very well,I make sure skin is dry,I have been told by friends to get the geniric band they stay on better,looks like I am going to have to try those,you would think as much as you have to pay for these they would stick to your skin better and stay on
I have been on the pill since I was 16. Two years ago I was put on a new pill and I noticed I was super hormonal, angry, depressed, anxious, stressed, etc. It was horrible and took me a while of tracking my moods before I was convinced it was because of my birth control. I 've had the Nexplanon for a month and it has been wonderful. I know a month isn 't very long, but I noticed a difference in my attitude within the first week. I feel like I have energy again, I 'm able to focus, I 'm happy again, I 'm me. I can 't believe it took me almost 2 years to realize it was my birth control ruining my life. If you feel the way I did on the pill I highly recommend trying this out. It can 't hurt to try.
Finished taking this about 6 months ago, still only get a pimple on RARE occasions.
I have been using Amnesteem for 5 months now and I am about to turn 17. I have had many side effects but the results are so far good. Before I started taking Amnesteem I had a lot of acne mostly on my face and back, all of my face has cleared up but my back is not yet finished. Most of the side effects I had were, itchy skin, depression, chapped lips, feverish chills but nothing that I couldn 't handle. My skin has been greatly affected by this medicine but in a good way. Lately I have been experiencing sore throat but is most likely not from the medicine. Even though I only have one more month of my Amnesteem left to go, I hope that it 's the easiest one.
Lexapro (or the Escitalopram version in my country) was almost immediately successful in treating my anxiety and extreme rage issues. I 've been using it for 8 months, but experience one major side-effect: constant tiredness or lethargy. I 've tried taking it at other times during the day, but no change. I sleep really well at night, have vivid dreams, am more creative and able to solve problems - if I can stay awake during the day. Get really drowsy two hours after taking this and can easily nap for a couple of hours in the afternoon.  I 'm no longer a bitch, but also no longer awake. So will have to choose between being mentally sharp or being anxious and angry all the time.
This is the best medicine for pain.
Worked but had to stop because my kidney creatinine level was too high.
I 've been taking tri-sprintec for 6 or 7 months. I started it with hopes of it getting rid of my moderate acne. I rarely got cystic acne, but my face ALWAYS had zits and I would break out around my period and even worse when I was stressed. Now I still have acne, but it isn 't nearly as bad as it was before; I also don 't notice much of a change in my skin when I get stressed. So it didn 't exactly work how I hoped it would, but it IS helping some. The first month that I started tri-sprintec was pretty awful. I was nauseous for four weeks straight- from the time I woke up to the time I went to sleep. I 've gained a little bit (5lbs) of weight and noticed that my breasts have grown (or are always swollen).
I was having violent nightmares, shaking and kicking violently throughout the night, once striking my wife. I had no recall of any of it in the morning and I felt rested. I did find that I could not make thru the day without a nap. If I napped in my recliner, there were no episodes, but if I lay down on the bed, I had episodes as soon as I dozed off.Started ropinarole at .25mg, moving up to 1mg before any control of RLS was seen. Then no nightmares, shakes or kicking for about 6 months.Episodes started up again growing progressively worse. Started 2mg but had episodes in the early mornings. Started taking med. at 30 minutes before bedtime instead of 1 to 2 hours before. So far, no episodes.
Luckily for me I really trust and like my obgyn b/c the insertion is quite invasive, probably the most invasive procedure I 've been awake for. Never had kids &amp; my cervix wasn 't happy to be forced open.  Getting the sounding tools seemed to be a bit of a challenge, and it caused some crampy/pinchy feelings but nothing too bad. . .despite the sounding she still hit the top of my uterus hard with the skyla upon insertion and that was painful (still bearable). I had regular period-type cramping the next several days, which is to say at points distracting, but nothing horrible.  It 's been 16 days since placement and my period wasn 't due until two days from now...however 8 days ago I started bleeding like  regular period and it hasn 't stopped yet.
I am providing an update:  I 'm on week 3 now of my pill.  In the beginning I was NEVER hungry. Never had a hunger pain, had to remind myself to eat.  After about 2 weeks, I noticed that I was having some hunger pains, like the feeling of being full wasn 't lasting very long.  I 've also gained weight.  I started weight watchers - so I 'm not sure what weight loss is attributed to what. My first 2 weeks (which I wasn 't on WW), I had only lost 2 pounds.  I 'm not going to lie, I am a tad disappointed. After reading some of the reviews, I was hoping to have lost more.  I 'm not giving up yet though - my Dr said we have 3 months to give it a try.  The only side affects I have now are that I 'm cold, and I 'm constantly thirsty.  I 'll post again in 2 weeks.
My daughter is 5 and they recently put her on this medication an she is doing a lot better since taking it. The only down side I have seen is as the day goes on she gets really whinny/moody, but she can focus at school a lot better and is a lot happier an nicer.
I have been taking Brisdelle for 6 days and to date my severe hot flashes has diminished tremendously. I am so grateful for this relief.
I recently got braces, the pain quickly started and lasted long. Luckily, I took Advil and the pain has subsided.
I wasn 't able to pass a full bowel movement for a week. It had gotten to the point that I hardly wanted to eat anything and when I tried to go it, only small pieces would come out. My mom finally gave me 2 of these Dulcolax overnight pills at about 700 pm. By 1030 pm, I felt normal mild diarrhea cramping which led me to make my first bowel movement. At 1 am, I was woken up by slight nausea and mild cramping again. This time, my movement was mostly water and small soft stools. I also felt really tired afterwards, but that 's because I was already sleepy. I believe I will use this again because it does the job with minimal side effects.
Unfortunately for me, this medication has not helped me lose weight. I have also had a lot of side effects such as nausea and fatigue. However, I have read a lot of great weight loss stories. I did however get a surprise pregnancy. I have never gotten pregnant on my own so I am contributing it to this med.
I 'm 14 years old and have quite bad acne. I don 't normally write reviews but I had to for this because it 's amazing! I got this cream 4 days ago and have already seen a huge difference! Lots of my acne has already disappeared and others have reduced a lot in size and redness! I definitely recommend it as I have already been so impressed but this product after under a week of usage!
Sciatica  almost stop me from my passion. Dancing has been my life 's dream. Taking 1 or 2 Naprosyn has helped me so much. Even after reading all the side affects I was scared to take  it but the pain was unbearable.  After taking 3 different meds  this is the one that works for me
I took Tri Nessa for three years and then switched to Tri Sprintec when I moved to a different state. I noticed that I had increased cramping on Tri Sprintec but otherwise it was relatively the same.Its seems as though a lot of the reviews on this site deal with individuals in their first few weeks and months of taking the contraceptive. Although Tri Sprintec may not have been for them, it seems as though the side effects of weight gain and mood swings are most common whenever taking new forms of contraceptive.Taking Tri Sprintec has been a relatively positive experience for me.
I have severe neck pain and muscle knots in my neck.  I 've been told by my doctor these knots are essentially small bone spurs that protrude into the muscle tissue which causes spasms.  This is particularly bad when its damp or rainy.  I was prescribed 10 mg of Flexeril.  Overall, I 'd say it works great with very few side effects.  The only issue is some days 10mg doesn 't seem to help very much.  I have taken up to 15 mg (one-and-a-half) when the pain or knots are really bad.  At the 10 mg dose I do NOT have any problems with being sleepy and take it during the work day all the time with no sleepiness.  If I take it with a pain medicine it will make me drowsy. The sleepiness side effect seems to vary person to person.
I was prescribed 300mg, 4 times a day for 10 days for a tooth abscess. I too felt the &quot;burn&quot;, but my burn was immediately after taking the capsule.  I could feel the burn as it went down my esophagus.  What I found relieved it was drinking at least 8oz of water with the pill, and then topping it off with a few spoonfuls of yogurt.No more burn as it went down, no more stomach upset.
I have been taking Eliquis for about 7 months due to AF. I resisted taking Eliquis forever and insisted that aspirin was doing the job. My cardiologist was nice but firm in mentioning that I have a history of strokes on the maternal side of my family. My AF got worse after 8 years of being on Flecanaide, bp and cholestrol meds so I had a cryoablation in June of 2016. So far I have not had any bad side effects but I do have some dizziness and occasional flushing. I also have a tendency to get rashes. Has anyone had this happen? So far I 've been fine and no AF so I 'm keeping my fingers crossed that it all works.
27 y/o Male in good health and exercise regularly.  I was put on Escitalopram after experiencing a few panic attacks and heightened overall anxiety.  I 've never really had a history with panic attacks prior to this.  I was going through a big job change and a lot of personal stress.  Then the sudden death of a close family member sent me into a weak and hopeless period in my life.  Blood tests showed low Vit-D and Low-Test as well.  I 've been on Escitalopram for about 7 months now and am feeling much better.  Although I have experienced an annoying extra 10lbs of belly fat as well as a reduced libido and lower motivation.  I started at 10mg and will be slowly tapering off over the next 2-3 mos.  Took about 6-8 weeks to work in full.
I haven 't filled my script and haven 't had meds in 5 days and all I wanna do is cry all day and think bad things about my relationship. I worry to much
This is a miracle pill. It has helped with everythingAnd I don 't have am appetite hardly at all now. But after 3 weeks of being on 50 mg it stopped working until around 3 in the afternoon and I feel very tired. Doctor is supposed to hopefully up my dosage. But it really is the best and gives me a happy good energetic mood. Better then Adderall.
I have been on 100mg for 1 year now. Works great for sleep and pain. Downfall, I have gained 50lbs.
I had mine inserted about 2 weeks ago. I was 6 weeks postpartum. Had very little spotting mostly with wiping. No cramping and insertion was painless. However, that is probably because I just had a baby! The only thing that is bothersome is my husband can feel the strings. I can feel it poking out of my cervix too. If we can 't even enjoy sexy time I am getting it removed even though I personally love it.
Paxil has been providing pretty good relief at 30 mg- not as effective as benzodiazepines, but I was pretty surprised. I 've had horrible trials with SSRI 's/side effects for Panic Disorder, but Paxil hasn 't been as bad - stomach upset for a month adjusting to it - some weight gain, sexual side effects.. mostly gone now 5 months in. Rough guess, I 'd say about 75% fewer Panic Attacks.I 've a number of medical conditions, and some medicines will rock the boat, but I 'm able to get through with Xanax &quot;as needed&quot; - (used to be  'always ' needed).  
Stopped periods completely by 3rd month; has side effects of tender breasts, making me sleepier after taking it (take it before bed, no problem). Caused the WORST acne I 've ever had in my life. Used it to skip periods since mine are very heavy/bad, did that just great. No side effects I couldn 't deal with/live with, other than the acne. Deep cystic types, white heads, oily skin - switching since I 'm not looking to prevent pregnancy, just to manage periods &amp; I can try a different hormone composition. Missing a pill in the first 2 months caused spotting, after that, missing one here or there didn 't do much.
Yesterday was Day 14 of my Zyclara treatment. Using it on my forehead where there was a previous basal cell, and on my chest where I currently have a basal cell. I decided to do the whole top of my chest. Wow, I have many actinic keratosis. It 's really scary. No real bad side effects other than the swelling and rawness on my chest. Forehead, found 1 AK, appears to be working. I have been experiencing some lower back pain, as I did when I used the Carac Cream. Wondering if this is a side effect or not? I hope this works! Will be doing Carac again in the winter on my cheeks. 
Tapentadol 50mg four times a day when required for pain .Before Nucynta I was taking Opana IR as well as extended release formula usually alternating the two every couple of months. Pain relief is controlled  best by Opana for me personally.  However several side effects have required a change so Nucynta  was chosen. Works great no freaky side effects and less intoxicating effects. 
I 've been using Lialda on and off for about 2 yrs now.  Used it daily when 1st prescribed until all ulcerative colitis symptoms went away. I mainly use it during flare ups. My Colitis began severely flaring up this past week and since I started taking Lialda again, I notice reduction/elimination of blood in stool, less bowel movements and more solid movements.  I believe Lialda is extremely helpful, especially if taken as maintenance medication to prevent flare ups...which is what I should start to do.
I had nausea, vomiting and dizziness due to withdrawls from medicines.  Taking Bonine has helped me get through the day.
I took Oxycodone 325mg, every 4 hours after my facial surgery. They worked very well and had to stop taking after a few days for the effects of controlling the pain where to much for me, I went to regular Tylenol afterwords.
I cannot take the 2nd dose anymore so I mixed it with freshly squeezed lemonade instead of water. I also chilled the Suprep bottle solution overnight so it was really cold when I mixed it with lemonade (don 't forget to strain so it 's pulp-free). This makes a big difference. I was able to drink the entire cup in three gulps. Chewing sugar-free gum after taking it also helps.
Just began taking trazadone for fibromyalgia about 1 week ago.  Some nights I sleep better, others I wake up jittery and can 't fall back to sleep.  Pain has subsided slightly. If others other taking for fibromyalgia, please post opinions.
I 've suffered from Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder for about 5 years. I tried Seasonique for two years and thought it was working, but every time I had blood work done my markers for heart disease were off the charts. It was so strange and no one could figure out why. I also gained A LOT of weight. I stopped taking the Seasonique and went on the 50 mg Zoloft which I take from day 7 until I menstruate. It has changed my life. Before, I felt like abandoning my entire life and felt so guilty that I couldn 't enjoy my children at all. But now I 'm able to get perspective on things. I don 't rage and I 'm able to manage my PMDD. I would recommend it to anyone suffering. It 's the only thing I take now and my blood work is all normal.
Have reported some good experiences since I started to use it about a year ago. I can still get reasonable erections but on special occasions or  'date nights ' used it for enhanced performance. Have found that it works best on a fairly empty stomach and very little alcohol but most importantly if you are feeling aroused. Wife loves the feeling of having a larger firmer erection and on our  'date night ' dresses to tease and please - braless, short tight skirts and stockings and we both love guys admiring her ripe mature assets on display.  However on a recent trip away one night  when I hadn 't planned to use it and ate and drank my wife wanted me to use it but in spite of both our efforts I could only manage a pretty poor erection.
Been experiencing migraines/headaches since I could remember. I 'm unable to take Nsaids so meds such as Cambia are not an option for me (which helped but not as well). Daily medications such as Topamax were not effective enough to warrant the extreme fatigue. Finally, after requesting an &quot;as needed&quot; dosing med, a doctor prescribed this one. Took dose shortly after symptoms began (oral tab). Took roughly an hour to take effect but it really helped! I had option for 2nd dose but felt enough relief to get through evening. Had some side effects but they were tolerable and did not worry me since I read what to expect ahead of time. Side effects short lived comared to constant fatigue of alternatives and worth the relief I received.
Dampens down allergy symptoms fast when nothing else available outside of a doctor 's office or hospital will. Yes, it puts me right to sleep, so it 's not my first choice for everyday seasonal allergy control, but this is the one to keep in the first aid kit for unexpected allergen encounters.
I 've had chronic back/hip pain for over 10 years.  I 've recently come of fentanyl patches and needed something to keep the pain at bay.  I started on 50mg Nucynta 2x a day and was miserable.  After much begging the pain management centre agreed to see me after a week.  They switched me to Nucynta ER 100mg and life is MUCH better.  I still have breakthrough pains 1 to 2x a day, and HOPE to address this when I return in to PM in July.  However, this is working as well as fentanyl did. Grateful for the &quot;coupon&quot; provided by the manufacturer, otherwise this would be an expensive treatment.
I started taking the 37.5 MG dose 4 days ago.  The first day I felt very strange.....heart racing, skin crawling, cotton mouth and such.  Since then that has gone away.  I have little appetite and have to remind myself to eat.  I drink ample amounts of water.  No soda or fast food.  I have chosen to try this route instead of bariatric surgery.  I suppose time will tell.
So I started on this two weeks ago may need to go a bit stronger as over time when I was younger just tried to mellow out on illegal drugs. Seraquil is the best thing I have tried I am 32 and just been diagnosed with bipolar. Doesn 't make me sleepy makes me hungry a lil bit. But has changed my life stopped the agitation and horrible thoughts that run riot in my head. Just slows it done and I am able to see clearly. I am only on a mild dose but in saying this I 'm glad I take one when I can feel my mania coming on.
Had a severe UTI but didn 't start getting any symptoms until it was too late and became unbearable. My doctor prescribed 500mg twice a day of Ciprofloxacin. After the first pill symptoms went away. No more sudden urgency or burning or spasms in the groin. However after the third pill I took I experienced sever nausea and vomiting and started to become extremely drowsy. So far it 's a great medicine overall it 's just some of the minor side effects are a tad unbearable.
I have been using Talacen off and on for a year. Used for arthritis pain in lower back, neck and joints. Only use when in severe pain. I do not notice any of the side effects.  Works well for me.
I didn 't rate the Mirena higher just because I haven 't had it that long yet.  I read SO MANY horror stories about the pain and what not before I had mine inserted.  It totally freaked me out!  Well, I am 25 years old, have never had a kid, and IT WAS NOT THAT BAD.  My doctor was talking me through everything while she was putting it in.  All I felt was a little pinch followed by what felt like a pretty moderate menstrual cramp.  I simply concentrated on my breathing, and I was fine.  I got a little flushed, and I was a tad bit lightheaded, but it was nothing.  So far, so good.  I 've had a little cramping off and on and some spotting, but that 's it.  Best of luck if you decide to get it.
I have suffered from chronic migraines for years and have taken just about every preventative and rescue med on the market.  I recently received the Botox injections and didn 't realize there would be 31 one of them.  I have to tell you, the shots were absolutely not a big deal.  It was over in about 5 mins or less.  In all honesty, I don 't know if I would have gone if I had known there would be 31, but again I am very glad that I did.  It 's only been 5 days, but I do not have any side effects listed by others and while it would be great to get rid of the migraines all together, if they would only lessen in frequency and intensity, I would be equally pleased.
I started taking 10mg of escitalopram in the eleventh grade and it helped me to get through daily tasks with minimal anxiousness. My first year of college was very stressful and I noticed my anxiety worsening- my Dr. gradually upped my pills to 30mg/day. At first I noticed a huge improvement and felt like myself again. About three weeks into a steady 30mg/day I began feeling nauseous and evidently began vomiting 2-3 times a day, in addition to the vomiting my appetite was gone and I was also fainting frequently. I would highly recommend this anxiety med, although it is not for everyone, if you are able to find the right dosage for your body it is extremely helpful.
I 've been taking it for 7 years and it turned my life around. I am severely dyslexic and have ADD and am on 30mg to 40mg a day. However, as of recent it has started making me slightly disorientated and even slightly sleepy, and my thoughts come faster than I speak (used to happen before I started taking Ritalin with my dyslexia) but it feels worse. I just started interning at an Ad company so not the best of times! 
I had tried numerous blood pressure medications. Almost all affected my sexual performance negatively, and I also experienced headaches in the morning ALL EXCEPT THIS MEDICATION! This was without a doubt the best I had used to date. Please comment if you have tried, I would like to hear from others who have. 
Have been on Zoloft for about three years - low dose couple of times per week and really feel it has helped with stress, anxiety, the &quot;what ifs&quot; etc. Makes me more able to tolerate intolerable people and not over react to them. Also helps out with social anxiety and over thinking and analyzing every little thing I may or may not do. No side effects that I have noticed. If you think you are irritable or others around you tell you that you may need something follow their unwanted advice and try something it could be life changing.
After getting off of Ortho-tricylen Lo I switched over to several other generic brands of which my gyno recommended.. all of which had crazy side effects (break through spotting/bleeding, acne, rashes on my face, crazy mood swings). Aviane is the first one that I 've had no problems with so far... clear skin, no mood swings. Only minor issue is the small weight gain due to my increase in appetite.. other than that no complaints whatsoever!
I have been on this birth control for just over a year now and I love it. It is the first pill I 've ever tried and it works great for me. I had a little nausea when I first began taking them, but it went away after a month or so. The only negative thing I have noticed is sometimes at the beginning of a new pill pack, I lose my appetite for about a week. I have gained about 5 pounds in the past year. I have no complaints other than that though. I take my pill at the exact same time every day religiously and have never missed a pill, and I have not gotten pregnant. Also, I am able to determine exactly what days I am going to be on my period now which is so nice. It 's been a great birth control for me!
this is my third night of using the monistat.  I can tell a difference already.  I had been itching so bad, I didn 't think I could stand it anymore.  I decided to try the monistat and after the second application, I am finally starting to feel some relief.  thankyou.
I am a 75 Years old male, 5 years at the Gym, fairly muscular.I had a 330 ng/ml total testosterone and I decided to check withthe Urologist if I could use this medicine. After few test, he decidedto give me the patches that gave rash and not improvement at all.The Doctor started me with the 1% gel - 2 pumps in the morningand the next reading was 207 ng/ml. I went back to his officeand he told me, You need more medicine, and put me un Androgel1.62 % - 4 pumps in the morning for about 3 month. At me surpricethe next reading was 440 ng/ml and 3 more month 754 ng/ml.At some point, I ran out of the insurance coverage for this yearand I had to reduce to 2 pumps - 1.62 %. Then my testosteronelevel fell to 220 ng/ml again.
Have finished my first two week application and am about to start the second.  I 'm a 44 yo fair skinned male who rarely wore sunscreen as a kid and had my share of sunburns.  Had a few Actinic Keratosis spots that kept coming back so doc put me on Zyclara for my forehead and cheeks. After reading the horror stories I was absolutely dreading it.  To my delight the side effects were not bad at all, and I just had 4-5 spots flare up that looked like acne.I never post to things like this, but I hope some see this and know that not all people have the horrible effects of it.  I can certainly sympathize with the ones who do though.
Well, I have been on Humira for 15 months now. At first, it was my only maintenance med for what was a Crohn 's Disease diagnosis. About 9 months in, I had a flare that spread to virtually every system in my body. Joints, bladder and kidney, skin, liver, blood, brain, you get the picture. The dr bumped my dose to once a week, added prednisone and methotrexate. I 'm well on my way to better.Humira injections do cause discomfort. I let mine warm up to room temperature and plan an ice pack for after the injection. Helps a whole lot.
I have been taking Mirapex for 7 or 8 yrs, I am now up to 0.50 to 0.75 it has worked well for me, except I have gained a lot of weight, and now I am having augmentation, meaning my legs start jerking earlier in the day and my arms are starting to have it. I can 't increase it much more, too much fatigue, I am concerned about what I am going to take now. I 've tried other things that don 't work so beware of dopamine agonists after so many years you become immune to it unfortunately.  I could not afford it if I had not qualified for patient assistance program, I don 't have insurance.
Works much better than other over the counter medicines. My allergy came back this time of the year, and this year got worse. My sneezing won 't stop even to the point I get nosebleed. So I tried Allegra, it did suppressed all the sneezing for hours, however my nose still somewhat congested. When they mean &quot;non-drowsy&quot;, they really mean it. I took other over the counter allergy medicines before, which they listed as &quot;non-drowsy&quot;, but I constantly found myself falling asleep every now and then.
So I got the skyla about a month ago and honestly I was terrified but I was pleasantly surprised. The insertion took almost no time at all, and it was pretty uncomfortable for maybe a minute? Afterwards I had cramps that weren 't killer but still kind of bad. The cramps went away a day or two later... then I got my period. I have had it for 3 weeks now and my doctor told me not to use a tampon until I had my one month appointment. Truthfully that has been the worst part and it better be damn worth it!!! (Reading these reviews made the experience x20 worse)
I have been getting Desogen from Planned Parenthood for about a year now. The pill seemed to clear up any acne, the only breakouts I have now are around my period (to be expected). The only downside was around my period I would have crazy intensified mood swings, angry one second and crying the next. Other than that, pretty good pill.
I have used Levitra for the first time last night and I had the longest n hardest erection after so many weeks. I was using Cialis previously but Levitra is better than that for sure.
I have had chronic pain since 2006. At that time I also had back surgery with bone grafts put into my spine. The surgery was not successful and since then I have also been diagnosed with fibromyalgia. Since using Avinza, the pain has decreased to the point that I can function on a limited basis. The pain is always present, just not as bad as it was. I also take Vicodin every 4-6 hours and the combination of the 2 seems to help. I am glad to know (not happy when anyone has pain) that there are others out there that experience pain the way I do. Sometimes, it feels like I am the only one and that is a very lonely feeling. But with the help of medications like Avinza, I can at least have times when the pain is bearable.
I was prescribed hydroxyzine by my dermatologist because I am severely allergic to insect venom. I live in Hawaii and am often bit by a number of creepy crawler. Even flea bites will cause me to break out and have difficulty breathing. I have found this medication very helpful in helping me in keeping me from itching and reducing the anxiety that can be caused when I have a lot of bites. I also use a steroid cream. The combination of the two has worked wonders for me and put an end to insomnia I used to experience as a result of being so itchy at night.
Started taking Deplin to curb the side effects I was feeling on Lexapro. I 'm not really sure if was working or if I just thought it was working. It also cost a lot of money.
I have been put on every muscle relaxant from Flexeril to Soma and then my neurologist tried me on Zanaflex last week for the first time. I have to say so far it 's working pretty good. I feel a little drowsy but hopefully that will pass as my system gets used to it. At this point with my MS, I am willing to try anything in order to feel better and not hurt all the time. I 'm thinking we are on to something here. At least that 's what I 'm praying for.
Hello, taking Levsin has been a saviour for me No it dosen 't always help but it works most of the time. I have always thought was the only 1 on earth with this problem . So glad to no I 'm not The pain for me is worse than childbirth, doctors don 't really get it, thats cause they never had it. I get IBS/D for 3 days at a time, most recent 14 days n counting.
Well I got this implant after I have my daughter in October 2014 this implant has been very good but sometimes it makes me nauseated and I get really bad headaches and I get dizzy.  As far as my  period goes I do not get any and if I do it 's spots (brown ones) I like this implant so far I 've had it almost all whole year it is great! Different people body react to it differently. Sometimes I felt like I was pregnant and it felt like I could feel feet moving inside but it was nothing just weird thing but I would recommend it
Took three days to help with discomfort. Experiencing no side effects, other than chills/fever, which I suspect is from the infection.
My doctor prescribed Pristiq for my anxiety. I was on it for 2 years and it was my saving grace. I know it says it can make anxiety worse but it took mine away. It was pricey but worth it. The only thing I MUST say is about the blood pressure. It states it can cause high blood pressure or make already high BP higher. My BP sat at about 130-150 over 90-100 while on Pristiq. I tell you too I am a healthy, thin 29 year old non smoker etc. I thought it was just my anxiety but now that I am off it my BP is 112/70! So for two years I had higher BP because of the Pristiq, so just be aware of that. But! It helped me through a horrible time and I 'm thankful for that.
I recently switched from metaprolol, 1/2 of 25 mg/ day to brand name Toprol xl &amp; have found the negative side effects- fatigue, too low blood pressure, dizziness, nausea- to be much less. I still feel a little of that about 12 hours after I take it- I figure that is a slight &quot; withdrawal&quot; effect, it lasts about 30-45 min. &amp; I don 't have it every day. When I took the generic ( manufacturer, PAR) I felt on a roller coaster, up &amp; down all day. The time release delivery feels to be much smoother with the brand name, toprol- I recommend it. All in all, it works well, keeps my heart in sinus rhythm, but it 's a tough drug to have to take.
Had my 3rd colonoscopy today, and this is the first time I have used Suprep. This is the first time I feel normal after the procedure! All prep medicines taste yucky, but because Suprep requires only 16oz. of liquid nastiness, followed by 32 oz. of water (twice); it was not unbearable. I have vomited while taking previous preps, but did not with Suprep. Yes, it is very salty and sweet, but if you use a straw it keeps it off your lips. I ended up taking about 5 sips with a straw over a 20-minute period to get it down, as any faster would have made me puke. Drinking the 32 oz. water afterward was not hard because the saltiness made you thirsty and want to drink it. I will recommend Suprep over all other preps to my friends.
This is the best I have ever taken
My husband has ADD, and it really took a toll on our relationship.  He was originally on Vyvanse, but it suppressed his appetite horribly.  It didn 't do enough in ratio to the side effects, so he decided to try Strattera.So far, it 's been working decently.  His main problem, however, is being able to urinate freely.  I bought him Urinozinc Prostate Formula, and literally the first pill he took, he was able to urinate much more easily.  Conversely, when he forgot a pill the other day, he noticed an immediate difference, and struggled to urinate.  The supplement has allowed him to stay on Strattera.I note this stuff, as I have read that this is a common issue for men taking Strattera.  Hope this helps others.
Clonidine (Catapres) works great for the hypertension, cold and hot sweats/flashes, headache and overall agitation when undergoing ethanol/alcohol withdrawals. 0.1mg 3 times daily in conjuction with a benzodiazepine like chlordiazepoxide (Librium) or diazepam (Valium) may be needed depending on alcohol intake or the degree of withdrawal symptoms. Remember always be honest with your M.D. put pride aside because most likely it isn 't anything he/she hasn 't heard before.
The first two days, I felt alright. I drank a lot of water with my doses. (About 16oz) On day three, I panicked because my urine was really dark and wasted a bunch of time in the ER to find nothing wrong with me but needing to drink a little more water that day. From day 4 till the very end, I felt exhausted and queasy in the  mornings took forever to get motivated to do anything. Luckily, I 'm on summer break!I read a lot on here that people took probiotics, but my pharmacist said that Calcium would interfere with absorption so I didn 't. I eliminated all dairy to make sure there were no interferences. My last dose was yesterday morning and I have gas building up now- I 'm guessing its from reintroducing the dairy into my diet?
Just starting day 3 tomorrow.Seem to feel better already, but very cautious. Have anxiety tho and take Ativan .5 mg, 3   times a day that helps. With all the good rerviews, I am very  hopeful. Wish me luck.
Vyvanse had &quot;decent&quot; effectiveness and minimal side effects . It was also (pretty much) the most effective medicine for me, despite it not being all that great at relieving many of my ADHD symptoms. (I have tried Dexedrine, Concerta, Adderall XR and, of course, Vyvanse).
I use these patches on my neck due to nerve and muscle issues. They don 't work as an anti-inflammatory. However, they do help with the main caused by my inflamed muscles. I sometimes get tingling in my face and hands and arms that get pretty severe, and these patches relieve most of the pain and/or numbness within 15 minutes. They do, unfortunately, seem to never want to stay on for more than an hour.
I had a Paragard for about 9 1/2 months. For the first six months it was great-no hormones, no issues. Other than intense random cramping, I was extremely happy. Then at about 6 1/2 months in I started spotting randomly every day and it did not end until my ParaGard expelled itself at 9 1/2 months. It was also after six months that I experienced cramps and backaches so severe that at times I had to use a heating pad for my back. The backaches were the worst-they made me vomit at times. My OBGYN said the spotting and cramping were normal, but after six months they seemed to just get worse. Honestly, I was happy when my IUD expelled-I was already done with it after spotting nonstop for three months.
I have been suffering from Eczema for close to 6 years now and I am now 52 years old.  Most of my problems have been on my right hand, but it gets so severe my hand can 't function.  After my 4 week injection I started to see flare ups in new places....legs and around waist, as well as serious inflammation on upper chest and back of neck (all new to me) and believe me I did start to panic.   Actually my hand looked better than the other places so I was happy and sad. I know someone else here posted the same experience.  Anyway, had 6 week injection yesterday and now seeing results everywhere.    I was losing hope but I am now seeing light at the end of the tunnel.  I will definitely provide updates a month later.
The very first 3 days of taking Mononessa I always feel very nauseated. Mood swings aren 't that bad. I crave a lot, breasts are always sore. Period 's are pretty normal, cramps are kept to a minimum. I am sexually active and so far no pregnancy. I 've noticed there 's more vaginal discharge but my sex drive is pretty low. I told have as much acne. So far this pill has been going great for me. Side effects depend on the person.
Was put on this drug roughly a year ago started at 20mg  it litterarally turned my life around It gave me great symptom relief all day with little to no side effects unfortunately after 6 months this medication slowly lost  it 's effectiveness I am now on 80mg a day and only get roughly 2-3 hour symptom relief which is dissapointing but expected due to tolerance so I will be changing medication soon. But I have to say while it worked ritalin la was the best medication i have been on yet with very little side effects..
Diag: Bipolar 2 with predominant depression, plus panic disorder. I have been taking a very low starter dose (25mg) of Lamictal for about 3 weeks. I 'm due to up the dose to 50mg now. Aside from my anti-panic emergency medicine and proprananol for blood pressure, I 've never &quot;upped&quot; a dose of anything. I typically give up on a medicine for one reason or another (not effective, negative side effects, complicated dosing, cost, etc). Lamictal is a prescription that I intend to up my dose to 50mg though, and will do so gladly. People have commented on a more calm &amp; &quot;mellow&quot; mood, a greater tolerance to stress and irritations, and being more pleasant to others. I 'm on a slightly more even keel now &amp; look forward to seeing what 's next with increased dose
I had surgery a little over a year ago because I had a 6cm cyst on my ovary. Two months later, more cysts started to develop so I went on Lo Loestrin to stop the pain and help my periods. (They were extremely heavy with bad cramping, had to change my super plus tampon every hour) Now, after being on it for 6 months, I 've only had spotting as my period. At first, no side effects but now I 'm noticing a little weight gain, nothing traumatic. I definitely love this pill and recommend it to everyone!
Took two 2mg.xanax this evening and a suboxone last night. No affects noted. Are there any precautions I should be aware of??? Thank you...
I 'm 43 female ADHD, tried other medications, hated the up and down jittery feelings.  Started Vyvanse 30mg 6 months ago, moved to 70mg now. This medication has helped me achieve major improvements in my concentration &amp; focus. Only downsides are dry mouth &amp; it does not hold me through the 12 hour time stated. I get about 8 hrs. My daughters started Vyvanse 50. My 15yr olds grades are up &amp; my 20 yr old said, If this is how normal people focus and think, I 'm jealous. OVERALL A WONDERFUL HELP  :)
I have been on this birth control for almost 4 weeks and I have experienced some side effects such as weight gain. I noticed that my breasts are VERY tender but they have gotten bigger. My hair does grow back faster also. I shave my arms so after one day I would feel stubble. Before I was on the pill I would have at least 3 days before I would feel stubble. I took the pill to get my period regulated but I haven 't got my period this month. My doctor said sometimes you wont get your period for at least six months if you are on the pill. I have also had some mood swings but not severe.
Just completed 12 weeks of harvoni two days ago. Had many side effects while on it, sudden sky high blood pressure which I never had before. dizziness, vertigo, severe insomnia. However now that I have completed the medicine I feel incredible. like I 've been born again. Overall I would say if you can get through the side effects and stress of dealing with insurance then go for it. I will have to see in 3 months if they killed the hep c completely  but in the meantime I am going to enjoy every healthy beautiful new day.
I just started Victoza on Tuesday. I had a rough bout of diarrhea and I have felt kind of out of sorts. My BG did drop after 24 hours. I was regularly in the 250-350 range and it 's been 150-190. Like many, getting the egg burps. Last night I had some fried food and that didn 't go well at all. It just seems like I have to eat perfectly for it to work. Maybe still getting used to it. Just don 't feel myself, but could be just adjusting. I am also taking Invokana in the morning so maybe that has some effects as well. Going to try and stick with it. Not really interested in weight loss, but see that it happens. Good Luck to all.
I had Lyme disease and a subsequent RA dx, I have been on Plaquenil for 7 months. 200mg 2x a day and now 1x day, It has helped a great deal.I was also taking Collagen and a few herbs for inflammation, I am doing much much better and able to do a lot of things I thought I never would again, I have occasional stiffness but it 's hardly an issue,,, On the downside, I do have bad nightmares, not all the time but they are something I am not happy about, Anecdotally, they may be correlated to Alcohol, I occasionally get nausea and headaches as well but the headaches are mild and only once a week or so.Fingers crossed that the side effects diminish and that this drug keeps on keeping on,,, I am 55 ...best to you all  D
Been on sroquel for one month. Have gained 9 lbs. otherwise good drug.
This medicine works well alone, but very effective taken with Roxy 30 's. I take 8mg twice a day and it allows me to lead a fairly normal life with severe degenerative and ruptured discs. Without these medicines I would be a cripple. The Mobic helps with the swelling from my arthritis and scoliosis. It is hard to find a doctor that understands but once you do it makes things easier. 
I have been taking 10 mg of Ambien for about 4 months and I want to get off of it so my doctor recommended that I try trazodone instead.  I tried 200 mg of trazodone without the Ambien and I had a horrible night.  It took over 3 hours to fall asleep and when I did finally get to sleep, I had horrible nightmares.  Since then, I have been taking 5 mg of Ambien along with 100 mg of trazodone and it has been all right.  I go right to sleep, I sleep all night, and I only have a few vivid dreams.  I want to wean myself off Ambien completely so it will just take some time.
After being shocked back into rhythm after a bout of afib, I was prescribed betapace 80mg twice a day. It has been two months and no afib although I feel irregular beats occasionally. I had several off and on days of urine burning as though I was on fire. Walked like I had been riding a horse for a few days straight. The pain was horrible. After trial and error I discovered that if I had a glass of coke after taking betapace the burning occurred in the evening. No cola no burning. Now I take betapace with milk and I feel much better. There should be a warning. Good luck!!
I started taking Celexa about three years ago for depressive symptoms.  I noticed a huge improvement in my mood and social interactions. When I felt things in my life had settled down, I decided to go off the medication. I noticed a big difference being off the medication and have since started back on it.
I was on this for 5 years (and birth control pills for about 12 years), and would have told you how fabulous it was.  &lt;List all the benefits everyone else has listed, here.&gt;  Then a friend of mine convinced me to stop birth control all together for a while, and I turned into a new and better person!  I dropped 5 lbs instantly, had a huge sex drive, more lubrication, and just felt better.  I wouldn 't say I was depressed before, but after going off of it, I would describe my time on birth control as feeling like I was inside a cloud.  Less emotions in general, sometimes a little down.  I 'm bummed I 'm back on it, but it seems to be the least impactful than the others.  I might try Paragard to avoid the hormones.
I am in month 2 of taking Latuda. I have bipolar with psychotic features. When I started Latuda it was bad. I was sleeping all day and night. Then it switched... I was going to sleep at 10pm and would be wide awake at 4 am. I have lost weight since starting it which is welcome due to having gained weight on lithium. My moods are great and any irritability I experience subsides quickly. I have had no psychotic thoughts or actions since I started the Latuda. Even better, it has barely any side effects. I do notice a tiny bit of anxiety and restless legs though. But not every night. REMEMBER TO TAKE WITH 350 CALORIES OF FOOD.
SO- this was the first birth control that I ever went on and it did its job by preventing pregnancy. However, my main dislike was when I noticed facial spider veins shortly after using this pill. I was on it for nine months and discontinued it, and the spider vein appearance diminished. I plan to go back on this pill but this time I will be wearing sunscreen everyday and working out 5 times a week to improve blood circulation. Good luck!
The flu hit me out of no where but I knew what it was so I went straight to my doctor within 24 hours after experiencing symptoms. Since I caught it early, my doctor prescribed me Tamiflu. I started it right away and the first dose made me so nauseous, dizzy, and I experienced vertigo. I was considering stopping it but I had heard great reviews about it; I also had taken the first dose on an empty stomach. For the next couple of doses I made sure to eat something before taking Tamiflu. From doing this, I had no nausea or dizziness. It could be a coincidence but I think it really made a difference. It definitely shortened the duration of my flu.
I 've been taking these meds 3 times per day for the past 3 three days for a dental abscess I contracted during a root canal. Overall the drugs have been amazing in easing the pain an discomfort that came with the infection. The side effects however are horrendous. I have experienced serious bouts of nausea, moodiness, and bloating. I have a couple more tablets to go but I 'm ever so tempted to stop taking them but I desperately need the infection to finish so I can finally be done with the root canal so I guess I 'll just keep going.
I have been taking 0.5mg daily for a year. The product works and has a bonus for me.  I have always suffered from nose bleeds on an unpredictable basis.  Since taking Advodart, I rarely experience a nose bleed.Several months ago, I went to using it every other day and within two weeks, the nose bleeds returned.  With a return to the daily dosage, have had few if any nose bleeds.
Very effective, cleared up in 3 days. Felt dizzy and disoriented and  uncomfortable in my stomach around the sternum. Often nauseous.
I have just started my third month with Yaz. I started back on the pill because I started breaking out two years ago when I stopped it. I have started to break out more than usual in my second month with larger pimples but from what I read on here that is normal. It has helped my cycle not be as painful also but I 'm hoping it will work for the reason I got back on to clear my face. Keeping my fingers crossed.
Am a 41AAF. I 've taken Pristiq for five months. I begin using Pristiq for menopause. It really help me with the mood swings, depression and even weight loss. The problem is the sweating. I mean I really sweat. I like the Pristiq but the sweating is just like having a hot flash. I really don 't know what to. I don 't want stop taking the Pristiq but the sweating can be very embarrassing.
It is the first pain medicine that has worked for me. 
I have only been on Jardiance (10 mg) for 1 1/2 months but have watched by bloodglucose levels slowly drop - have not yet had another A1c.  I normally drink a lot ofwater but have noticed a definite increase in frequency of urination as well as urgency.This I can live with as I have &quot;failed&quot; 4 other diabetic medications. Have not noticedmuch weight loss but I am only about 10lbs overweight anyway. Keeping fingers crossed with this medication.  I am not taking any other diabetic medication and was able to control with diet and exercise for a number of years.  But this is a progressive disease.  No other side effects noted.
Aside from the heavy periods I have had no issues and my IUD has been in for 5 years
I love how all of you say that you can 't lose weight on Depo. I gained about 15 pounds, started dieting and exercising, and now I have lost all of that weight and more! Yes I have some spotting, but its better than having to take a pill everyday!
I have been on 40mg Celexa for well over a year.  I was put on it after my depression didn 't respond to Prozac.  It made me tired for the first few weeks and whenever my doctor increased the dose, but that subsides.  It does not help much for anxiety for me, but greatly improves my depression.
Requip was effective, and I thought that I couldn 't live without it.  HOWEVER, after about 10 years of increasingly disturbing nightmares, one dangerously extreme nightmare made me realize that something was very wrong.  After stopping the Requip, problem solved.  Now I take one Aleve at one hour before bedtime, and most nights sleep okay.  I have heard that some doctors believe that RLS is actually a spinal disc problem, and since I do have a bulge in a lower-back disc, this could be my problem.
For me Dexedrine helped get tasks done. I currently 22 year old male. I can focus tremendously in university. Also have a huge increase in libido with my girlfriend so overall can say it 's working for me.
I started on this as I was psychotic and had severe depression. I was seeing things. This med was great after it was upped to 15 mg but  now after 2 months not working so great. Luckily I 'm not seeing things but no energy and weight has ballooned. I can 't stop eating. So don 't know what to do. Gained 70 pounds in a couple months
Before taking Anafranil I had severe episode of Irritable Bowel Syndrome diarrhea. I had anxiety which gave me diarrhea. And that fear of diarrhea gave me anxiety. It was a vicious circle. I even had an &quot;accident&quot;.I was prescribed Anafranil (75mg then I lowered the dose to 50mg) and it was definitely a life-saver. No more anxiety and no more diarrhea. I could eat everything I want. I was able to go on vacation, have a girlfriend, go the mall, go to parties, have a normal teenage life and not wondering every time if there is a bathroom near.For sure there are some typical tricyclic antidepressant side effects but I prefer to have it than having anxiety and diarrhea. You have to make a choice and find the right dosage for you.
I 'd been on Restoril 30mg for years, had to stop taking it for 3-5 days/month. It seemed very harsh. Doctor prescribed Librax for stomach problem and every time I took one, I got sleepy.  I asked him to prescribe high-dose Librium for sleep instead of Restoril. I now take 25mg at bedtime and it works great.
I started this medication about 10 days ago.  Doxepin, 10mg, has been working more days than not.  Like most medicines, the first few days it worked like a charm.  I took it and I slept about 5.5 hours straight.  Sometimes can go back to sleep for another 1/2 an hour.  I do feel a little help in the anxiety category.  Not a lot but it does help a bit.  The bad thing about this medicine is that you feel very sedated throughout the day.  You know you slept because of the vivid dreams and you don 't wake up the whole night.  Nevertheless, you feel extremely tired the whole day.  I wish I didn 't have to take medicines.  But I rather be feeling sleepy and knowing that I slept as opposed to feeling sleepy due to no sleep.
Thanx to Paxil I 'm still here to type this comment, it saved my life. I was started on 20mg but had to go up to 40mg (max dose) for about 3 years after which I was slowly dropped down to 20mg, then right down to 10mg, which I was on for awhile then down to 5mg and eventually went off the medication. The times I did miss my dosage it was usually the second day when the zaps started along with the feeling of vertigo. The half life of this medicine is very short about 3 days that 's why people feel withdrawal symptoms so quickly but I 've found quite tolerable for the good it has done for me. A wonderful medication!
Worked well for me , can sleep only problem is severe pain which is ongoing if I need the loo and have to wait
I went onto Sprintec after my 2nd child as they no longer made my original birth control.  I was on it for over a year.  No terrible side effects, a little weight gain.  Near the middle of that year periods started getting heavy and would just start flowing suddenly even though they were still on schedule.  I spoke with my doctor and she recommended trying something different.  I was happy on Sprintec for a while but do not want to continue having heavy flows so will be trying something different.
Help with my anxiety by alleviating the nausea and lowered my blood pressure which resulted in less flushing due to anxiety. May have to go a little higher on the dosage to find your sweet spot, but I started at on .1 and went to .2 twice a day and it has really helped.
I was just diagnosed with Psuedotumor Cerebri after 3 years of medical issues. Started losing my eyesight and then they found a blood clot in the main artery of my brain. Once blood clot was treated still had fluid behind my eyes, headaches, foggy brain and no energy. The diamox has helped the foggy brain. The side effects weren 't bad had tingling for few days, metallic taste and drowsiness.The drowsiness is the worst part because several other medicines I take cause drowsiness also. I did have pain in my joints for first two days but it went away. I have lost 8lbs since starting it. I will find out at the end of the month if the fluid build up behind my eyes is gone.I
Excellent for controlling anxiety that, for me, can spiral in to major depression I feel more like myself on Cymbalta than I did on Zoloft. It has been excellent at relieving chronic musculoskeletal pain. Cymbalta benefits do come at a cost, financially and physically. The most annoying physical symptom is profuse sweating. I never sweated much, even on hot days. With Cymbalta, it can be cold outside &amp; I 'm in my car A/C on, face dripping with sweat. I can easily tell this from a menopausal hot flash.The two sometimes occur together. Cymbalta can give me bad morning headaches &amp; I can 't use Motrin while on it. Once you 're on Cymbalta you can 't just stop it without getting severe withdrawal symptoms, especially dizziness. 
This is a low level medication.  It was the first I received prior to moving upward to the Sinemet Family.  It only controlled  slight tremor of my hand.
Methadone has once again helped me get clean for almost a year. I detoxed off of it 12 years ago &amp; yes it was tough but possible.  Take it nice and slow when detoxing and consider a blind detox so you cant convince yourself your feeling a drop in your dose. If you can afford Suboxone I would suggest that over Methadone for easier detox.
I like Zonegran overall, I haven 't had a seizure since I started taking it.
My doctor placed me on this medicine due to the fact that I can not sleep at night, I suffer racing thoughts, and it works. The only thing that I don 't like about it, is that I tend to be a little bit grumpy in the morning, but hey, I 'm also like that without sleep.
I 've been taking levothyoxine for a week and a half now and before it I would fall asleep at work, when I was driving, just watching tv. There was a time that I went through 5 different sleep medications in 2 months to try and figure out the right one because nothing was working for me. My whole body ached, and worst of all my hair was falling out. The first couple of days taking the medication my body ached really bad but it got better. I lost 12 pounds already and my hair stopped falling out. I also am able to get through the day without falling asleep and because I don 't fall asleep during the day I get tired during the night! I love it.
I started at Remeron 15mg per day.  I started to feel somewhat better at two weeks.  Went to 30mg at that point.  At 30mg for one week or so, felt appreciably better.  I 've gained a few pounds (about 4) so that 's not too bad.  Did not help with sleep.  Plagued by insomnia for 3-4 days after starting and/or changing dose.  A bit of muddied thinking for a few days after changing dosage.  I have severe MDD.  I think Remeron will really help. Off to a good start.  I especially appreciate the lack of sexual side effects.
Love this medication, but I gained 40 pounds in about 4 months! Stayed on it for years and made me feel normal. I, initially, got on it when it was first released and there were no other atypical antipsychotics on the market. When Seroquel was released, then my psychiatrist switched me to it because it showed weight gain, but not as much. He was correct.
After years of different birth controls messing me up, I didn 't want anything with hormones.  I had Paragard put in 2 weeks ago &amp; I didn 't take anything before insertion. Got cramps within a few hours. A few days of spotting &amp; then my period started. My first period lasted about 6 days, with severe cramps so I had to use a heating pad (didn 't have to use one before Paragard). I also had lower back pain like I had while in labor with my only child (back labor). After reading comments, I 'm hoping my cycles will be back to normal in a few months. Don 't want to spend my last years before menopause worrying about longer periods or birth control &amp; didn 't want to get tubes tied unless it 's the only other option, so I 'll give it some time.
I 'm on my 5th day for bacterial vaginosis. Yes you will get symptoms. I had dark urine and I don 't know if its the medicine or me but I get extremely moody. I mean so far it 's doing its job.
SO....acid blockers pretty much changed my life. First was Pepcid (when it was prescription) than Zantac than the PPI 's.  The PPi 's were a bit better. I got Acephix then Nexium.  Before these wonder drugs came about I had CHRONIC gastro issues that eventually led to a week long stay at the hospital because of an ulcer. Anyway, been taking Nexium; works great. Prescription plan covered it than the patent runs out and they put it OTC. I get the generic &amp; it 's good but not as good. The OTC Nexium sucked! Now, Barock Insane O bOnghit stumbles in to the Whitehouse and screws up healthcare. Now generic Nexium is $175 because it 's not covered under my prescription plan. Thanks, guys you really know ho to screw things up!
I had no problems with it. It saved my life. I didn 't bleed. Until last June 2015. I bleed June until I made a doctor appointment with my doctor in August 2015. Well I found out that I had cervical cancer and a tumor growing in my right ovary. Cervical cancer runs in my family. Fyi go and get checked. They don 't test women until they are 35 and over. I found out when I was 29. I have had migraine headache since I could remember. Weight gain none until I was put on so much medication. Now here 's the down side. I had mine removed last Thursday 2016 to see if it helps lesson the headaches, also found out that I beat cancer in the booty. Nope they have gotten worse. I 'm not sleeping. My stomach is killing me. Omgosh my hormones are out of wack.
Take only as need due to severe neuropathy of amputated foot.  Take only when pain is severe.  Does not give me headaches as Vicodin and other similar medications.
Been on it since Feb 1st 2016..I am 5 '2&quot; and started at 228. .as of today July 8th 2016 I am now  188..began in a size 22 in jeans and 1x-2x tops...now size 12-14 jeans and lg-xlge tops. It doesn 't suppress appetite so don 't expect it too..it just teaches us to control cravings...don 't expect to lose weight without diet and exercise with this..if so, this pill is not for you..this is best raw opinion and results in can give...good luck!! Hope this helps!!!Ps....try applying for the Takeda assistance program..they will help with paying with med if u are having  trouble!!
Took 2 500 mg pills of this medication around 10pm. Soon after I had very bad stomach pains. Slight nausea, felt very ill. Was super sluggish, and a weird headache. Couldn 't get to sleep until about 430am. Then I woke up with a swollen, sore throat that lasted pretty much all day, feeling similar to Strep. Stomach pains &amp; nausea were gone though. Vaginal discharge &amp; smell have pretty much subsided, so I would think it 's working. Guess you just have to rough the side effects.
I started taking 3mg/day Prograf almost a week ago for my heart transplant.  I was on cyclosporin but was having lots of muscle pain and cramps from the cyclosporin.  Since starting the Prograg I 've been itching non stop.  Its apparently one of the side effects.  I 've also gained some fluid in my legs and hands.  Another side effect.  I hope the itching goes away soon or I 'll have to switch to something else.  
I got the implant towards the end of October 2014 and it is now beginning of March 2015. I didn 't have a period at all until December. It lasted about two weeks and then I got it again on New Years. From then i had it continuously for a month and a half. It wasn 't too heavy but still enough to be annoying. My doctor gave me some birth control pills and gave me a set schedule to regulate the bleeding. I finished taking the pill regimen and now I have to see if the period continues. After getting the implant I lost about 17 lbs and was still losing weight except for I started taking the pills and gaining again. My mood and sex drive were a little off at the beginning but quickly returned back to normal.
I have taken other drugs for my tremors and this one has had the best results with the least amount of side effects.
Prescribed this drug to take twice a day for 7 days for bv. Noticed after day two the symptoms were subsiding. For the first 6 days I took it straight after lunch and dinner with a bottle of water. Had barely any side effects apart from on day 3 I woke up feeling nauseous and with a headache but nothing major at all. And on day 7 I forgot to take the drug after my dinner so ended up taking it 4 hours later, and noticed a slight tummy ache. Overall I would definitely recommend this drug for BV
I had the Implanon inserted in January. No weight gain or mood swings. The only thing I do not like is my period which I have been on for about 5 weeks now. Wonder if it 's ever going to stop. Other than that I 'm fine. And I will not be taking this out any time soon because I hated the pills and the Depo shot and besides I 'm not trying to have another child anytime soon.
Have taken cipro before for a uti with no problems; &amp; immediate relief. This time after 2 days of 500 MG twice a day right calf muscle cramping horribly along with tingling &amp; numbness on bottom of both feet.  Very lethargic, but uti is better. Will cut in half &amp; try 250 MG 3 times a day.
My daughter had great symptom control, but developed urinary and fecal incontinence after being on it for over a year.  Back to looking for the next best medication.
I got Skyla just a few days ago. The actual procedure part lasted maybe 2 minutes...those 2 minutes felt like 2 hours though. Worst pain ever! However, I have not spotted one bit since! I was really worried after reading multiple reviews saying that women spotted for weeks right after they had it put in..I guess I 'm not quite out of the woods yet but I 'm feeling great! I will say that the day I had the procedure I thought I was going to be able to go into work but the cramping was so bad for about 3 hours after the procedure I wasn 't able to do anything except lay on the couch with a heating pad! But ever since that cramping subsided I have been 100% normal. I hope this helps some of y 'all make the decision! :)
After horrible experiences with a multitude of different antidepressants, the realization came upon me that I was possibly bipolar due to a prolonged episode of what I thought could be mania.  Well, my psychiatrist put me on Geodon (40 mg in the evening).  So far, it 's been 2 months and I have had not one depressive or manic episode during this time. The first 2 or 3 days of taking the drug were awful- I had terrible brain fog, and just felt totally whacked-out, but that feeling disappeared after just a few days, so I can 't complain too much.  I 'm starting taking an additional 20 mg in the morning to hopefully curb some of my anxiety, so we 'll see how that goes.  As far as psych meds go, this one has reigned far superior so far!
Amrix is good for muscle cramps. It reduces pain from a 10 to a 7 for me. That is a big deal for me. I am 24/7 in pain. No medicine can reduce that pain below a 5.
I have been taking Pradaxa for 5 months.  The first two months, I really thought I would have to go back to warfarin due to stomach/bowel problems and significant heartburn.  After a couple of months, the digestive and bowel problems gradually went away.  I also discovered the heartburn was reduced by taking the pill right before or during a meal (not just a snack), along with taking it with a full glass of water, and not lying down for an hour or so after taking it.  I 'm relieved that I can stay on it since I hated being on warfarin.  Hopefully the cost becomes more reasonable.
I was put on Zoloft for PTSD. I took 25 mg daily for just over 3 months. It really did help my anxiety and allowed me to finish the school year. With Zoloft I have been a lot calmer, and it really helped me with day to day activities. If you just started this medication and are experiencing side effects, hang in there! My first week made me very nauseous and gave me insomnia. The nausea lasted only a week for me. Even though it did wonders for my mental health, it gave me a lot of physical health issues, so I had to stop taking the medication. It caused me to gain a lot of weight in a short amount of time. Furthermore it caused a slight bedwetting issue and very elevated liver enzymes. Good for anxiety, but my body didn 't like it.
Great medicine. I just wish it wasn 't so expensive.
I 'm getting ready to finish up my second pack at the end of this week.  I have to say after the first month, I really debated to quit taking it.  I had HORRIBLE side effects.  Constant headaches, muscle aches and spasms and my period was HORRIFIC. Then again this was the first real period I 've had in years.  It came on my 2nd week and lasted throughout the rest of my pack and it was HEAVY.  Like 3 boxes of super tampons heavy!  I was breaking out, cramps were TERRIBLE,  irritable and felt like I had no energy BUT I found out I was also extremely deficient in Vitamin D and I needed more potassium.  Now that I 'm taking my multi-vitamins, I 've found that my side effects have really subsided.  My period is LIGHT and my sex drive has increased.
I started taking Cialis to treat ED after prostate removal and find it to be helping me significantly, been using it for about 5 weeks, even though I have not had a good enough erection necessary for intercourse, it is getting there slowly. I did develop what appears to be related to Cialis (since it started when I started to take this medicine), I developed a small red patch on the tip of my tongue, I wonder if anyone has or had this issue. Thank you
Been on Latuda 40MG for about three weeks. I 'm still having some depression, sadness, but not nearly what I was when I first started on it. My Psych DOC and I are considering a jump to 80MG, but I 'll be trying to get pregnant soon. Other than that, I think it 's doing okay.
I used this medication for about a year for bursitis in my left shoulder. When taken regularly it did help reduce my pain quite a bit. I could definitely tell when I did not take it every day. The pain would return pretty bad. I did not want to take cortisone shots so this worked well for me.
I have used Carac for 4 weeks. After the 1st week I began seeing flakiness, redness, burning and itching.  Taking a warn shower was painful, being in a car with the heat on was painful.  But I 've gotten through it.  Layers and layers of skin have peeled off.  Underneath my skin is as soft as a baby 's bottom and clear.  Compared to having these lesions continually burned off, this short term uncomfortable condition was a better method.
I am a health care worker and  inherited the risks of heart disease and diabetes. Worked for years in a high stress University teaching hospital. Had vague symptoms, knew what to do and didnot delay getting to an ER. Called a friend/cardiologist - yes,had a heart attack without muscle injury(thank heavens!)Had triple bypass. Followed Doctors order to the &quot;T&quot;. Recently started on lisinopril and have had improved blood pressure and heart rate control. Overall feel 90% better.
I have had the Mirena for 2 years. I had it inserted a month after I delivered my first child since my doctor recommended it because pills gave me high blood pressure. I was very satisfied in the beginning. I don 't get my period at all, no cramps, but I started noticing my skin getting a lot of acne. I am 28 years old and I do not tolerate this. I saw a dermatologist and she told me it was a Mirena side effect. I could not believe it but it is true. So you other than not becoming pregnant and not bleeding you may get acne. Balance the pros and cons.
I have extremely painful periods. I 'm talking pain so bad I cry and want to go to ER. I was given this to help with arthritis. And just happen to start same day well I took one and they are doable now I 'm not doubled over crying. Don 't get me wrong it still hurts but not nearly as bad.
I just started taking Adipax on May 19 and today is the 9th of June and I have lost 23 lbs. I also included a diet of 1200 cals a day and 45 minutes of exercise. I could not be any happier with the results. I have had no side effects.
I had a good experience with my first pack of pills - no spotting.  I lost weight and my breasts grew a full cup size - friends keep asking if I had an enhancement done!  I did have a lot of breast tenderness that continues and heavy cramping around my period.  I 'm now exactly half way through my second 90 day pack and have had a light menstrual flow for the past 7 days.  I take my pill at exactly the same time every day and never miss so I 'm disappointed this is happening.  I hope it doesn 't continue.  Overall, I 'm happy and the pill works as I 'm not pregnant which is the most important thing!
I had the skyla inserted on 6/25/15. I was given a medicine to ripen my cervix, but since I have never had children, it really didn 't help. The procedure took about 5 minutes because the doctor had trouble inserting it due to my cervix being curved. It was was high intensity pain while it was being inserted. Afterwards it was just regular menstrual cramping. I did take about 800mg of ibuprofen beforehand. The cramping subsided after about 3 hours after the procedure. No cramping or bleeding after that evening.  I had previously been on depo shot for about 16 years.
When I started living with other women, their menstrual cycles pulled mine out of sync although I was taking Orsythia and should have my periods timed exactly. I haven 't had any side effects however, and the pill is working.
I have been suffering from Eczema for close to 6 years now and I am now 52 years old.  Most of my problems have been on my right hand, but it gets so severe my hand can 't function.  After my 4 week injection I started to see flare ups in new places....legs and around waist, as well as serious inflammation on upper chest and back of neck (all new to me) and believe me I did start to panic.   Actually my hand looked better than the other places so I was happy and sad. I know someone else here posted the same experience.  Anyway, had 6 week injection yesterday and now seeing results everywhere.    I was losing hope but I am now seeing light at the end of the tunnel.  I will definitely provide updates a month later.
I have had body acne for 7 years. Just started my third month of Amnesteem. I have seen decent results but still not 100% gone. I have experienced mild back pain, chapped lips, dry skin, headaches and some stomach irritability. Except for the side effects I would recommend this product.
I have been on LOLO (canadian version) for just over a month now. I personally have had side effects on this pill, but nothing extreme and I feel pretty good. Here 's a list of my side effects week by week:Week 1: dry eyes, dull cramps, vivid dreams, feeling tiredWeek 2: Small dark spotting, irritable, acne, large appetite, tiredWeek 3: large appetite, acne, emotional, dark spottingWeek 4: dark spotting, tired, dull cramps, appetite normalDid not get my period on the placebo pills. Spotting was no big deal at all. No weight gain. No bloating. No horrendous cramps that I usually get. So far during the second pack I am feeling pretty good. I think this pill is worth a try, and you need to give your body time to adjust!!
Been incredibly frustrated with a virus that turned ugly and a strong , intense cough that caused pulled muscles, raw throat and coughing up blood . This drug was prescribed with decongestant,  and antibiotics. I still cough occasionally,  but this is a huge improvement from the intense non stop barking cough, and gave my chest a chance to heal.
I love this allergy medicine! It works like a charm, and it rarely makes me sleepy, unlike Benadryl. Once in a while it 's not effective, but this doesn 't happen often. I agree with previous reviewers- it 's sometimes hard to find on the shelf.
Worked great in reducing my hay fever/rhinitus symptoms. However, headache present the 6th-8th day of use, some eye discomfort/sensitivity, and from 6th day on; small amount of blood present in nasal secretions. Although Veramyst reduced the intensity of my symptoms, (itchy/watery eyes, itchy/runny nose,) it did not completely rid me of those symptoms. Will probably discontinue use due to concern regarding headaches. For me, level of effectiveness probably not worth the side effects.
I just started this medication over two weeks ago and am already seeing massive improvement. No more mania, very little depression. I have focus and energy, my mood is great most days. It even helped with irritable bowel syndrome. For the first few days I felt like a zombie, but that side effect has gone. I still have a massive temptation to eat everything in the house, but I am controlling it and changing my diet to minimize weight gain.This medicine was a minor miracle to me. I 've never felt so good in all my life.
My shrink upped my doses to 200 mg and I think that 's to much because I started to get a rapid heart beat. I lost about 20 pounds due to my major depression. I had to quit my job because I would be drowsy. At first it worked and helped me sleep. I guess I built a tolerance to it now I take 1/4 of 200mg and I try not take every night. 
This medication can 't be rated hastily.  It can take up to 6 weeks to level off.  My first days of Pristiq 50mg were terrible.  My first dose at night caused insomnia, jitteriness and dizziness, dilated pupils, nausea, sweaty, and a racing pulse.  The following week I felt great with NO ANXIETY!  I still felt nauseous however, ate very little(lost 7 lbs), and had a headache daily.  The following week my side effects continued (  insomnia &amp; TMJ flare up), but my benefits diminished. My Doctor then increased my dose to 100mg.  Since then most of my side effects are gone except the dilated pupils &amp; TMJ issues.  I 've taken Zoloft(ok) &amp; Lexapro(zombie) in the past.  Please give this medicine time before you decide you hate it!
I 've had PsA 45 years and there was no treatment back then. By the time I got on biologicals the disease was well advanced with arthritis in most of my joints. Psoriasis has always been mild and limited to scalp, ears and elbows.  I started Humira in 2012 when Enbrel stopped working after 8 years. Both drugs are miraculous. They allow me to live, work, and move normally. Before it took me 20 minutes just to get out of bed. Now I bounce out like a young person! The joint damage is still present but the pain is gone and I haven 't had a flare. No side effects either. Only thing - Enbrel was more effective on psoriasis. Humira does nothing for it. I use topicals.
I have been taking this medicine for a few years now. And it works great for me. I have a four day period. My periods are light. I get little cramping but it 's not that bad. Compared to what I used to have, a 7 day period heavy flow and alot and I mean alot of cramping it 's ten times better. My mood has gotten alot better also.
Bad case of Bronchitis and sinus pressure. I took Mucinex DM, 1 pill every 12 hours, for a week. I would fall asleep fine, but wake up 3-4 hours later and could not get back to sleep. I ran out of DM, and for the last few days took the Mucinex D instead. Not much sleep the first night, NO sleep at all last night combined with a lot of post nasal drip and the jitters. So glad I finally figured it out, as I 'm a walking zombie right now. I will never take Mucinex D past the morning hours again.
Have been on Sinequan/doxepin for depression for 26 years. Started a new position at work and started having anxiety issues. Doc added 10mg Lexapro to the mix in May but still having some anxiety. Starting on 20mg tonight. Hope it makes a difference. Any others notice a big change going from 10 to 20mg? It seems that when I have no anxiety (like when I take a Xanax) NOTHING gets in my way and I am damn good at my job. It 's just when my head gets in the way that I get screwed up. Anyways, here 's hoping!
I have been on Qysmia 5 months, and I have gone from 198 to 173.  My high blood pressure is under control.  Side effects I have experienced is tiredness but that 's about it.  With any medication that I controlling so much of what we need to survive there will be some side effects, So if you are eating the foods you need to help with these side effects (healthier options) it is great.  I will continue on this medication for another 3 months and decide what to do then   I recommend this medication
Was prescribed for cough from bronchitis.  At first I was reluctant to take it as it said it caused drowsiness as I am hypersensitive to meds.  I finally got desperate enough to take one and was actually able to sleep in my bed after 4 nights in recliner.  It has now been 6 weeks and I still have coughing fits if I don 't take the Tessalon.  I am hoping this will eventually go away.  The only thing you might consider a side effect that I have had is that I have these crazy dreams.  Not nightmares but just craziness.  Thank goodness for my doc!  :)
This made me more &quot;at ease&quot; in my opiate detox without the narcotic effect.
I 've had liletta for maybe 6 months now. I have had mild cramping that I never got before birth control. My periods are not as heavy and only last a couple days. I actually love it so far. The only bad thing about it is that I spot more often between periods and it can be annoying.
Many children with the autism diagnosis suffer from sleep disorders as well.  Geodon in small doses is very effective in treating these disorders with minimal side effects.
I went to the hospital last night because there was a boil under my armpit. Last month I had one on my buttock. They tested me for diabetes, I 'm not a diabetic. I don 't know why I keep getting boils. They couldn 't drain it because fluid hasn 't formed yet, so they gave me Bactrim. I have to take 2 pills every 12 hrs. They are huge. And hopefully they work well for me like they did for most of you!
Clonidine works great for me, but for me it is also really dangerous: it brings down my blood pressure to dangerously low levels, like 65/42 if I am not careful with the dosage. Then I drink quadruple-strong coffee and the blood pressure slowly recovers. I believe that using Clonidine absolutely requires having a blood-pressure meter at home and using it, especially if you wake up in the middle of the night. These pills are soft and so the dosage can be easily adjusted. I am aware of the delayed disturbances in blood pressure if Clonidine dosage is not steady, but for me that is secondary comparing to the potentially deadly pressure drops while asleep. In any case, using a blood pressure monitor is the must.
I mostly used Xanax when I had an altercation (verbal) with my girlfriend. She would over-react, and as a result I would get so charged up that I couldn 't switch back to normal. Taking Xanax eased my nerves so that I could &quot;start new&quot; with the conversation. Very powerful though and lasts a long time. I took doses of 0.25mg (I 'm 115 lbs). If semi-anxious, doses made me very tired. I blacked-out for parts of a night when taking 1mg. Memories of stuff that happened, felt like memories of dreams. Also cancels out ADHD stimulant medications.
Very tender but increasingly larger breasts. On my 2nd month side effects such as cramping, headaches, mood swings are decreasing as my body is getting used to the medication.
I 'm very pleased with the outcome of this medication although it did not work as fast as I had anticipated. I had constipation for 2 days and the prescribed medication for constipation use because of opioids did not work, so I reached for the MoM. I took 4 tablespoons last night and nothing happened. Finally took another 4 tablespoons this afternoon and it worked in an hour. No cramping. Very gentle. Thank you MoM
I just had my third seizure and I was switched from Topamax to Keppra. I find that this medicine makes me hyper and then extremely tired. I am 18 years of age and I experience the depression side effect and almost all of the side effects. Really wanting to find a right balance.
I am 15 years old and started this medicine before I turned 15 .in May , a few weeks before my birthday.thos medication CHANGED MY LIFE! I feel very Confident about my appearance ! I have this mark under my chin that was originally a pimple 
NOT A LOT OF SIDE EFFECTS THAT I WASN 'T EXPECTING.THE SLEEP WALKING  ABIT OF A SURPRISE,AT FIRST - BUT AT LEAST THE DREAMS ARE COOL.I space mine out and am taking strict a one or two days a week to avoid any addiction issues.
I 've been on this birth control for about 5 months. It is the first one I 've ever tried and my only negative complaint was that it made me very sad. I cried about everything in the first 2 months of taking this pill. My face is a lot clearer and looks better than ever. My periods last 3-4 days which happens to be normal for me. I 've never had any spotting during my active pills. I think this is a good birth control but every birth control is different for everyone. I 'm happy with this one.
PROS- PERFECT acne free skinCONS-breakthrough bleeding every month for 9 MONTHS but whatever-melasma on cheeks and forehead starting to appear (I 'm only 24.. got some laser facial and hydroquinone cream/serum daily)Not an abnormal amount of depression or any mood swings and my sex drive was normal. Just switched to Levora to help the breakthrough bleeding but I 've noticed some acne coming back after just 5 pills of the new one. Might be switching back to Lutera just for the clear skin!
I used chateal for almost 3 years. Worked really well for me until recently when I had spotting for like 7 weeks. Then I switched to tarina. Still would recommend chateal it worked great for me for so long.
I typically get cold sores when the weather changes drastically or when I 'm stressed. Combine those two and its cold sore central! They would usually form and then last for at least 7 painful days. I FINALLY got prescribed valacyclovir and I must say, it 's working very well. The first time I took it I was mid cold sore so I didn 't get the full effect. This time I took it at the on sight of a cold sore and it worked wonderfully. It didn 't prevent the cold sore, but it went from inflammation to healing after merely 2 pills without the pre-sore, open sore, and crusting phases. I HIGHLY recommend this for anyone suffering from cold sores.
I have been in pain management for 12 years and have been placed on about anything I 've ever heard of.  Nucynta 100 mg 4 x daily does a really good job of relieving my pain from herniated discs. I 've mainly been on oxycodone 10mg to 30mg roxicodone and the Nucynta works better than either of those for me.  It may be due to the amount of time I 've been on oxy as to why I can 't feel it helping anymore.  Been on Nucynta for about 7 months now and its expensive and the worst side effect for me is drowsiness and having difficulty concentrating. I am in recovery now after c5/c6 replaced with titanium screws and a synthetic spacer so I 've been on a Dilauded pump 6mg per 4 hours, 20mg roxi, 100mg Nucynta, 700mg Soma and still hurt.
28 years ago a car on an overhead lift fell on me. After 5 years of recovery I did pretty good then it all fell apart 6 years ago. I ended up on lots of medicines including Nortriptyline. My only comment is try it. I use it for burning in my legs that feel that I call burning ice water running down my legs and it really helps.
I 've been on reclipsen for about a month now. I started taking it to regulate my period and as a form of birth control. Seems to be doing the job, no pregnancy scares so far. I did notice severe mood swings before my period started, but not sure if that was due to things going on in life or the pill. Other than mood swings no negative side effects. Would recomend
Personally I LOVE nuvaring. I hated the pill could never remember to take it. With the ring leave it in 3 wks or 3wks n 2 days take it out for 4 days allow myself to spot to make sure I 'm still good and put it back in. Dr told me I didn 't even need to do that.  I can leave it in for 4wks bc I didn 't need my cycle regulated I just didn 't want the menstrual cycle or pains lol. I can pick and choose if or when I want a cycle - I love that freedom. Hardly felt it at all. It has only come out during sex twice. Great concept.CONS 1st time putting it in disaster lol. Even now after 5yr being on it I have slight trouble here and there putting it in bc I 'm dry. Sex drive decreased. Angry ALL THE TIME it seems like. Depression spells. Issues with my contacts
I am overall happy with the nexplanon. I got mine January 2015, and have not had a period since. The only side effects I 've noticed are acne, slight decrease in sex drive, and weight gain. Though the weight gain is good for me since I 've always been hopelessly underweight no matter what I did. This was excellent for me, I hope it 's good for all of you!
I was on Prozac for a month &amp; I got super bad nauseas feelings &amp; sick all the time. I got off &amp; my doctor put me on Zoloft &amp; I feel so much happier. I feel happier, but not fixed. I guess it 's a work in progress
I like zyrtec but I seem to have a strange metallic taste in my mouth. I can 't find this listed as a side effect?
I have &quot;jumpers knee&quot; tendonitis. I play softball and I am a outfielder...I also workout 5 times a week. Back in my days I ran track as well...I guess it all caught up to me in my early 30 's ..I couldn 't lift my leg below my knee it was so painful, my sports dr prescribed Voltaren and when I used it as prescribed 4x 's a day I saw a good bit of improvement...
The first 3 weeks of this medication I lost 17lbs, with little to no side effects. However, at exactly the 3 week mark I began having nothing but watery bowel movements accompanied by gas like cramps. This has gone on for 4 weeks almost everyday. I have now lost a total of 30lbs. So yes, it curbs hunger, charges your metabolism, but you can 't leave the house to show off your weight loss or be active because you are stuck in the bathroom for hours at a time. I am now quitting Adipex so that it does not cause long term problems. It 's a great kick start for a lifestyle change but the side effects are not worth it to me.
I have cystic acne on my cheeks and on the sides of my lips. I had a bad breakout previous to getting this so when I started using it, it took only 2 days for these to clear up. Which was awesome. Only been 2 weeks. But so far so good. Also I think it 's helping with the healing after the Zit. When I would normally get a dime sized purple spot after the cystic acne, this has cleared my acne without there being a spot after, so that 's a plus. I have insurance but I was still given a discount card for this. 25$ with insurance. 75 without insurance.
Taking Abilify greatly improved my mood, anxiety and depression.  However approximately 2 months into treatment I started having severe headaches, face and lips swelled also breast tenderness and warm to touch.  Today I decided to discontinue the medication.  Over all it 's a very good medication, I just can 't take it.
I have been taking Loestrin for 8 months now. After about the 3rd month of taking it, I have had no period. It has not helped my acne, though. I was on the Depo shot for about a year and it was nice, until I gained 15 pounds. That 's why I switched to the pill. So far, I love it. No period, no weight gain, and no increased acne. I have been on a slew of different birth controls and they all seemed to either make me depressed, gain weight, make my periods weird, and even almost costed me my marriage. My husband said &quot;no more birth control.&quot; It all made me crazy. This is a wonderful little white pill. He has no complaints about my moods with this one.
I use Saphris PRN in conjunction with Xanax QID for anxiety. Takes the edge off at 5mg, makes  me very sleepy, doesn 't dampen Anxiety related tremor or stutter. Tastes yuck, but great for sleeping, 15 minutes and I 'm down for 8 hours. My first experience with anti-psychotics off label use.
Dizzy in KC you should see your doc ASAP. I am your same age and had a similar experience. I was diagnosed with Miniere 's Disease by an ENT. It 's been a couple of weeks and I 'm finally starting to feel a little better, thanks to the Meclizine and diuretic.
hi ladies! just want to say this pill WORKS! But you really have to take it asap! I took mine about 30 hours after having sex using withdrawal and I got my period right on time. Take some gravol and/or tylenol with it to avoid nausea/headache and remember that although the side effects of the pill are almost exactly the same as pregnancy, you wouldn 't be feeling them until at LEAST 2 weeks after sex. DON 'T STRESS and try to keep your mind off worrying because that 'll delay your period and ESPECIALLY don 't do research on google because that will just freak you out even more (trust me I freaked out so much I fainted). I would recommend having this pill in your medicine cabinet in case of an emergency so you have easy and quick access to it. xo
I recently starting taking Cymbalta for my chronic back (several herniated discs), Costocondritis (chest inflamation), and other related pains classified as Fibromyalgia and Chronic lower back pain.   The medication works.  It has nearly removed my chest pain and lower back pains by 90% and only a few lingering pains still exist and only in spurts. I 've only been on the 60mg dosage for a few weeks, so it may get better. As a side effect, my PE is gone. I never told a doc about it and it has been killing me for a decade. I 've tried everything else, none helped. I looked online with a search of Cymbalta and PE and there are sources to confirm it works. 
After a year or more on totally ineffective Humira I was put on Remicade.  It has been effective for the most part.  I am on the max dosage at every 4 weeks.   At about 4 to 5 days before my infusion I develop my typical crohns symtoms which mostly involves pain. I had one blood test which indicated I was metabolizing the medication more quickly than normal. I if this problem persists I will be tested again to see if I have developed antibodies to the drug.  Besides Humira being a total bust I react with high fever and chills to 6 MP.  Prior to the Humira I had a resection of a foot of my illeum.  I don 't have any side effects to the Remicade just the issue I mentioned.
I started this birth control 6 months ago. In that short span of time I 've had THREE yeast infections. I 've never had one before and I have no idea what could of caused it other than this birth control. Only other downside is my period cramps are extremely worse than they were before I started the pill. Before it was 3-4 days of regular bleeding, with cramps on the first day. Now it lasts 2 days, barely any bleeding but the most painful cramps I 've ever experienced. Whenever those two days come around I have to stay home and normally take pills to sleep through it. That 's how painful it is!  Other than that everything else was fine.
I 've taken oral contraceptives for a couple of years, almost 10 years ago. I decided to try again and was prescribed Orsythia. While it does its job - I 'm not pregnant -  I 'm constantly tired and sleepy, my sex drive is almost nonexistent now, my breasts often hurt, and the first day of my period is very painful. I can take Tylenol for the menstrual pain but other side effects are unacceptable.
The dosage I was given is 1 Pylera 4 times per day and I am still in treatment- only have some nausea but it goes away. Will see about effectiveness after I confirm that it took care of the problem, when treatment is completed. Hope this helps.
At first, huge side effects - nausea, dry mouth, minor spasms, etc. As the instructions emphasize, hang in there. Took me three to four weeks and I feel much more positive and focused on life.
You wake up the next morning feeling very refreshed, and hardly wake up in the middle of the night,  once if any. good over the counter choice.
I find this medication works pretty well for my anxiety. I seem to just forget about all the stuff that has been clustered up in my head. There is a extreme downside to this medication for me unfortunately as it makes me very sedated and drowsy. It 's definitely a good thing to take if you wake up in the middle of the night and have panic attacks, but you could get 6 hours more of sleep and you will still be tired from the medication. I would say it doesn 't completely get rid of my anxiety, but it helps out a lot in a sedative type way. Dont take this if you have a driving job because it feels like you could fall asleep anywhere.
I love my Nexplanon. During the first 6 months, I spotted to light bled everyday. It was annoying, but worth it because after about the 6 month mark, I stopped bleeding! Now I only spot for about 3 days about every 3 or 4 months. I love it! I don 't have to worry about taking a pill at all. Some people have it better than others, but in my experience it 's caused me to gain about 4 pounds in my stomach and thigh areas.
I just had Liletta inserted yesterday afternoon so I can 't really say too much on the effectiveness or any side effects just yet. However, I can tell you that the insertion process was a little intense but nothing that I couldn 't handle. Just remember to take some pain killers/anti inflammatory before and after, breathe &amp; relax and the process will go much smoother. I love my gyn, he did an amazing job on making me as comfortable and informed as possible. He even made me laugh during the process which helped to ease the temporary pain of insertion. This was my first IUD as a form of birth control, aside from a slightly uncomfortable insertion process I would recommend this. Since yesterday, I 've only experienced mild cramping/light spotting
This medicine works very well at reducing my asthma symptoms. However, it causes me to have tremors.
I got hydroxzine prescribed by request after experiencing what feels like a never ending benzodiazapine withdrawal, when 6 months off the benzos passed and I was loosing my mind I decided to research safer non addicting central nervous system depressants out of desperation. It was hit and miss at first with the insomnia it seems to work better after a few days of continuous use and calms some other symptoms down as well, if you get this prescribed and it doesn 't work at first give it a few tries.  It works even better the farther out you get from your discontinuation date from the benzos, some days this meds dopes me up like a drunk and I don 't care for that feeling but its a much better place to be then a have a wide open nervous system
No medication has gotten rid of all of my symptoms but Zyprexa Zydis is one of the best I 've tried (and I have tried them all literally). I noticed the munchies on regular Zyprexa tabs but none on Zyprexa Zydis....I have actually lost weight. I gave it a rating of 8 because I still have symptoms of schizoaffective disorder but high enough rating to give it kudos compared to other drugs.
I started Saxenda in February 2016 and in 4 weeks lost 7 pounds.  I had quite a bit of nausea so I ate very little which may account for some of the weight loss but after 6 weeks or so the nausea subsided.  I continued to lose weight until month 5 which is when I plateaued after having lost 27 pounds.  It 's now September and I haven 't lost any more weight even though I 've added exercise (4-5 times per weeks) but I continue to use Saxenda and I am hoping to breakthrough the plateau soon.  My physician did say that the drug is only effective for weight loss for 6 - 8 months; after that it only helps to maintain your weight.
I 've been taking the mini pill for three months now!My first period lasted three days with the first day heavy and the rest with spotting. I chose this mini pill for a few reasons. I have 4 day periods with heavy flow and horrible back pain. I love to snowboard so that wasn 't going to be okay to be dealing with. As well, my family has a history of mental health to which I don 't like to play with the chemistry in my body. So far I 've been on it for three months with one period! Of course I 'm loving this mini pill but when is my period going to hit?! I haven 't gained any weight and my breasts are not tender.
I have been taking Beyaz for 1.5 years. I haven 't really gained weight on it. I just have a harder time losing weight but that 's nothing that working out and eating right didn 't fix. Anyway, I started taking Beyaz for birth control purposes and for acne. It definitely has helped with both. I got off of it for a couple months and as soon as I did my acne came right back. Needless to say I got right back on  it. I don 't have nausea or anything, I take it at night instead of in the morning. Only side effects I have are dehydration, and sometimes I 'm more hungry than I should be. I just try to eat healthy snacks and drink more water. I am more tired on the pill than off but I just try to drink tea or something when I feel too tired and get sleep!
I have been on Trulicity (.75) for about 6 weeks.  Has lowered blood sugar about  25 points.  Will get A1C in two weeks.  The first shot left me with nausea and upset stomach.  That has passed and now I have no stomach problems.  I take shot at night and am fine by next morning.  It has left me with joint pain in my hands.  This pain started the first week and I still have some joint pain.  I keep hoping it will go away.  I will see what happens in the next few weeks.  I noticed in reviews that other people also had joint pain.  Do any of these people have information on how long the pain lasts??  In talking with drug company and pharmacist, no one has any information on this issue.  I have lost about 10 pounds.
I was prescribed Vistaril for bad panic attacks, as needed. I was put on Celexa, and less than an hour after taking it, I felt extreme fear and had the worst panic attack I 've ever experienced. I called my doctor immediately and was told to go ahead and take the Vistaril. It calmed me down in less than 15 minutes. It did however, make me so drowsy that I found it impossible to stay awake. Thank goodness I have it on hand for my next attempt with Wellbutrin.
I switched from Effexor when Pristiq became available at the suggestion of my psychiatrist. Effexor was an improvement on my previous medication but I still suffered some anxiety and I experienced increased sweating. Pristiq seems to have reduced my anxiety levels and the sweating may have eased slightly and also, my mood improved. More recently I have also been prescribed dextroamphetamine (for ADHD), which improved my mood further, enabling me to halve my daily dose of Pristiq to 100 mg. I did this with the aim of reducing my sweating coming into summer (I am a resident of Sydney, Australia where the summers are typically hot and humid).
For allergies and allergic reactions this medication worked well. Benadryl had stopped being effective and Claritin has always been useless so I decided to give this a shot. I took it around 5 p.m. and within an hour the misery of the allergies was less and by morning I felt 100% better. Took the product for two weeks until whatever was triggering my allergies finally stopped. No side effects noticed while taking the medication (which for me is rare as I 'm allergic to nearly everything). No problems with interactions with heart medication either. Was well worth it.
I 've had my implant since March  '16. Ever since I 've had it, I 've experienced severe headaches that happen at least once every week. I haven 't had my period since I 've been on it which worries me because I don 't know whether that 's bad or good. I have gained weight. I use to always stay around 130-140 for about 4 years and now I 'm at 170. Other than that, I have no cramps so this thing is an ok for me.
I have been on Lo Loestrin FE for about 8 months.  I was placed on Lo Loestrin due to excessive bleeding as a side effect to another medication.  My cycles  over the last 8 months have been on one month and off the next month, however this month it all changed.  The week my cycle should have come on, it failed to do so and this would have been my on again month.  There is absolutely no chance that I am pregnant.  I started my new pill pack and my cycle decided to come on the same day.  I am now into my second week of blue pills and my cycle is still on.I can 't take my other medication during this time because it causes excessive bleeding and clots. Don 't know what to do next.
I switched to this pill from Mirena due to severe cystic acne (from the Mirena). The last pill I had taken was Yaz, which I did great with. After my first month on Microgestin Fe, my cystic acne started clearing up. The first couple days I was nauseous, but that went away. Taking it right before bed helps. I 've been on it for about 3 months now and I 've gained about 10 lbs. I 'm the heaviest I 've ever been! I 'm always hungry and have developed an intense sweet tooth! My breasts did get larger. I 'm a 34 C, and I can still wear the same bra size, they just look fuller. No extra sensitivity with them, though. My libido didn 't really change. Just my weight.
I was terrified to use epiduo after reading the reviews but once I realized I had to buffer it, it seemed much more approachable. If you 're not used to using retinoids, don 't put this directly on your face and don 't use it every night. I took a pretty conservative approach and mostly been able to minimize pain/flaking. Here 's what I do:-Wash my face with a gentle cleanser (I use Aveeno Positively Radiant)-Put on some cerave moisturizer-Wait 20 minutes-Put on the epiduo forteI only do this at night, once every 2-3 days. If I feel my skin getting irritated, I 'll stop using the epiduo till it gets back to normal. Don 't muck around with your skin! If it 's irritated and awful, no reason to torture yourself and use the epiduo every night just use it every couple of nights
I recently went on a 10 day vacation to Jamaica and only had I bm there, and since I 've been back only 1 bm so I 'm extremely constipated. I had stomach pains and felt like I need to go but could never finish the job so I decided to try ducolax. I took it last night around 830 and woke up at 430 with horrible stomach pains like I wanted to cry but I didn 't feel the need to go. I found that laying on my stomach gave me some relief so I was able to fall back asleep.  Woke up this morning with the same pain but still nothing this  was a bit frustrating but an hour later I had my first bm, from these comments I 'm expecting more but I feel better already.  I didn 't experience sweats, chills, or nausea so I 'd say this works well besides the cramps
On my fifth day of Cipro and Flomax, age 19 with severe prostatitis. Feeling very dizzy and light headed. Anxiety attacks for 30 seconds but then go away. Hopefully by the second or third week I start to feel better!
Almost immediate relief, long lasting.
After being taken off the arm implant due to complications with anxiety, and not being able to remember taking the pill, the patch, I 've found, is the most suitable method for me. Sometimes the patch does come off but as long as you stick it on and really press on the edges for a minute that is less likely to happen. My first 2 months on the patch I did experience some morning sickness 2-3 times, however my body adjusted and I no longer have had to deal with this. As far as rashes, the patch may make the selected area red and itchy, but it 's nothing unmanageable. Overall I would say the patch is the best option for me out of the 3 methods I 've tried.
Started Rapaflo three days ago.  Stream improved after first day.  Retrograde ejaculation today.  Some stuffy nose and some bloating stomach pain in evening.  Debating whether to continue.  Generally don 't like medicines and do not take anything else.  Would like to have Benign Prostate Hyperplasia corrected surgically but am afraid.  Will give the medicine a little longer before deciding next course of action.
I broke my back 8T when I was 29. The pain got worse as I aged.  This past year I  thought my life of suffering would destroy me.  My doctor placed me on the patch.  It made me feel so much better.  A life saver. Considering I have a curved spine and fibromyalgia too. I have to wear 2 X 25mg and change every 48 hours.  My only complaint is sweating and some dizziness. 
I took this drug for about a year and then had to quit when I lost my job and my new job didn 't have very good health coverage. After being off the drug for about a year, my depression was worsening (would start sobbing over the smallest things) and I decided to restart the medication despite the cost. Having been off the medication for a year now, I don 't really remember if I initially had any side effects - though it 's worth noting that I started at 5mg and worked my way up to 20mg, whereas this time I 'm just restarting the 20mg. I 'm almost a week into it and I 'm experiencing constipation and itchy skin. It 's not pleasant but I 'm sure it 'll go away soon. This med works really fast, I already feel my depression lifting.
Seems to really help stabilize me. I am not sure how long this medicine has been out for.
I 've been on Kariva for a months now after switching from loestrin (which gave me insane mood swings and heavy discharge). My skin is good, periods are light, cramping is limited and mood is normal. But, my boobs have gotten bigger and I do notice that I have gained some weight in my upper thighs and hips.
I 've had my skyla in for 4.5 months. The insertion sucked. It was very painful, which was expected, but the sensation of having your cervix opened and something put in it freaks your body out. I had cold sweats, nausea, and was worried I 'd faint. About 30-45 minutes later I had horrible cramps, which are expected, I made my uterus very angry. Make sure to take ibuprofen before, and have a couple doses available for that day and the next. a heating pad works awesome too. I was on my period when I had it placed, and it lasted for 10 days after, though the last 6 days were mostly brown colored discharge. month 1 and 2 I had a couple ovariant cysts. All of my periods are 1.5 weeks long, and I have bad acne now. but it works to prevent pregnancy
After having tried a few other combination depression, pain medicines, this one finally seemed to work, and I got far less tired, or other side affects I 'd gotten from the others, so far, I feel this is the best one I 've tried, it has also helped with my mood.
I agree with the person who stated there must be a quality control issue as sometimes it feels as if I never took the medicine at all.  Next script I am going to check the capsules just so I can be sure.  Hydration may be an issue as well.
I suffered from GERD for over 4 years and have tried everything.  I was eating Tums like candy and taking Prilosec.  Then I started with the acid reflux in my sleep and woke up gagging and vomiting.  I had a scope 2 months ago and was told I have high-grade dysplasia Barrett 's.  Doctor put me on 60 mg Dexilant daily.  Within 2 days I was in heaven!  Works wonders but now I have diarrhea that is constant.  It started a few days after I started to take it.  Other than that, it works wonders.  I can actually sleep in my bed instead of the recliner.
I got Skyla about a month ago and so far nothing crazy has happened. I have almost zero pain tolerance so the insertion sucked. It was a lot of pressure but pretty bearable up until he went to measure my cervix and was actually inserting the Skyla. I also haven 't had any kids so that also plays a factor. I had some pretty bad cramps the day of and the day after but nothing after that. The only real complaint I have about it is the nonstop bleeding and spotting. It went on for about 3 weeks and finally stopped a few days ago. It 's nice to not have to worry about taking a pill every day or going to get a shot every 3 months. If you 're considering it go talk to your OBGYN about your options and DO NOT go just off of what others say!
I 'm on day 9.  Number one side effect for me has been inability to focus on one thought for more than a few seconds, which has affected my work.  It really is a brain fogger!  On day 5, the metallic taste/sour mouth was pretty awful all day, but it abated gradually over last few days.  If I don 't drink a lot of water (20 oz or more) with each dose, my urine is very dark, which is scary, but drinking more water does help.  I agree with the comments that you should eat a full meal with each dose, even at bedtime.  It is rough doing the schedule and getting in the food, water and pills four times a day.  On a few days I had to set an alarm and get back up at midnight or 1 am to take the last dose.  Stick with it, power through the 10 days.
I suffered a lot with my sweaty armpit and because of this sweat it became too smelly so I have to wear a black or sometimes two shirts. I 'm so embarrassed with this situation. I feel ashamed with my self to go near with other people because they could smell me so my mother go out to ask some pharmacist to cure my problem and they recommend DRICLOR and I 've been using it for a week and the sweat stop and so has the smell.  Thanks with this  medicine because of this my life changed a lot.
Flagyl is one of the worst bitter taste medicine I ever got. However, it does helps me feel better after I finish a 7days course, but my first 4 days was extreme bad. Headaches, adominal pain, dry mouth, lost of taste and appetite. Worth it or not I am still not sure. But I know that it make my man have allergic reaction after sex that worried me even more.
I have been on this for 6 months and only have one issue with it. I gained 10 pounds after being on it for 1-2 months, but have been able to get that 10 down to 5. But no matter how healthy I eat or how much I exercise, I cannot lose that extra 5. Other than that, I have had no issues. It has not affected my mood or sex drive, and I haven 't had any headaches or anything like others have mentioned. It actually cleared up acne on my chin so I have a clear face now that the dermatologist couldn 't even clear up because chin acne is usually all hormonal. From what I 've heard, if you had an abnormal (whether it be painful or irregular) period before trying this, you should NOT take it or it will affect you. I had a very regular period before.
Before being on the patch, I took two different birth control pills and was on the Nuvaring. I had a lot of problems with those which I 'm not facing with the patch (acne, extreme tiredness, moodiness, yeast infections, bacterial vaginitis, weight gain, etc). I 'll admit that I 've had pretty bad cramps and extreme changes in my mood when my period comes. I feel a little out of whack, but it 's worth it compared to the alternative side effects I 've experienced! The first day of a new patch, I 'm always extremely tired and a bit nauseous as well. It also does leave a sticky ring and cause irritation, but it doesn 't bother me. You can see a few faded square marks on my back from previous weeks.. a little weird. Overall, the best birth control I 've experienced so far! Easy, reliable, etc.
I 've been on NuvaRing for 4 months and so far it 's been decent. I 've been on roughly 8 different types of pill form contraceptives and had a variety of side effects from most of them, so my doctor finally suggested NuvaRing. I did have some side effects (mild bloating, headaches, irregular period, acne) however, most have subsided or become tolerable. Most of the side effects I 've experienced are typical for me, especially for the first few months after switching to a new brand. Overall it 's great and convenient, stays in place and makes life easier.
I am finishing my third pack of Sronyx and I love it. I didn 't really have any problems adjusting. The first month I did experience breast pain, one week of irritability and just a couple days of spotting. I had a couple of zits pop up around my period when I was off of the active pills. By the end of the second month my skin is fine! I can honestly say this is a really good starter birth control pill. The low dose of hormones makes the transition very easy. My advice, of course you will most likely experience some sort of side effect because of the hormones. Don 't let the fear of a couple of zits or a few hormonal days keep you from trying it. It 's worth it.
I have been taking it for 3 days now in the morning and it is making me fall a sleep in the day. Have to eat something before I take it.
Pros: very light to practically no bleeding, period only lasts 1 or 2 days, not pregnant (the main goal), clear skin (at first), breasts grow.Cons: decrease in sex drive, tender breasts, lack of energy, blurred vision (like how your eyes are first thing when you wake up in the morning), weight gain, hot flashes at night, breasts growing (I am already a big girl with DD breasts)...less is more, the clear skin I had in the beginning is now not so clear. I started on the pill for 2 reasons. 1.) because I wanted to prevent pregnancy and 2.) because I had constant HEAVY bleeding.  It would go on for months without a break and this pill has made it so that I barely bleed at all.
I have strugged a lot from psychosis worsened by Acute Intermittent Porphyria (AIP)/Variegate Porphyria(VP). Originally, it was thought that I was a High-Functioning Schizophrenic, with various other labels. Thorazine, when it was first used on me, was to calm me down when I was on the brink of a Blackout Rage, effectively knocking me out, and for a while after I woke up, the hallucinations were surprisingly minimized.Once released from that facility, I was on a treatment haitus. Later, I was prescribed Thorazine again. It didn 't make it all go away. But it helped take the edge off and help me maintain control.
I suffered from anxiety, excessive worrying and ruminating to the point where it was obsessive and led to a bad depression. I have been this way off and on ever since I can remember. I have been referred to as a worry wort and possibly obsessive compulsive. I tried Zoloft and Lexapro. Both helped with my depression symptoms however neither helped my anxiety at all and both killed my appetite and sex drive. I also tried Xanax occasionally and Buspar. However although these relieved my anxiety they made my depression worse. It was a catch 22. Finally doc put me on a low dose (25mg) of Luvox. What a relief! I have not noticed any side effects other than drowsiness at times. This medicine has worked well so far even in a low dose two months now.
I started Apri after switching from a birth control where I 'd only get my period once every three months. My partner said I was very moody during the first couple of months after switching, but I 've since mellowed out. I 've noticed my sex drive has decreased to being nonexistent except for during my period week. Other than the decreased sex drive, this pill works fine for clearing my skin and preventing pregnancy. I 've noticed slightly heavier cramps than normal, but they 're not unbearable.
I have been using spiriva respimat for several months now for Copd.  why is it important not to cover the vents on mouth  piece which i have been doing   ever since i  been using it .  my doctor never told me not to  i just read  about it recently. i really  dont  think that i have been  benefiting from the inhaler  that much. could this be the reason?  i am not covering  the vents any longer  the information i read says not to but  why . maybe people are  using the same as i did  hopefully this will help several people.                                                                                               thank you
One week on, started full dose yesterday. 30m. No side effects, and no haziness.I get slightly dizzy but doesn 't interfere with walking. I have tried 3 others before this, And each time I had flu symptoms, couldn 't leave the bathroom, couldn 't work or take care of my children.This medicine has been nothing but great for me, I haven 't had a headache or the tremors for a few days which is already life changing! I can focus, and I have slowly realized that my mind is quieting down:) if nothing has worked for you, please give this a try! No addiction to it they say.. I 'm excited that I feel this great:) I can 't wait to see what next week and the week after is. I 'm looking forward to tomorrow, which is a foreign feeling. Good luck:)
I have been on the patch for a month now and it works. No more hot flashes, night sweats, mood swings. It stays on all week and the only side effect I have experienced is mild headaches. The convenience of weekly application is great.
Microgestin has more pros than cons for me. I have been on for almost a month now and not only am I not pregnant but I went from a 34C to a D cup (yeaah boi) but I also have gained like 7-8 pounds, but that could be from the hearty eating. My chest acne has pretty much cleared up, my face is eh though. My sex drive is through the roof. I 've gotten a lot of minor headaches, and I 'm a little emotional. Eager to see what my results will be after 3 months. This pill ain 't too shabby
I first discovered I had HEP C back in the late 90 's. Maybe from Tattoos, maybe from sex, I really don 't know where I got it . In 2001 I went through the Ribovflavin pill and injection program for a year.  That was a rough rough go but it knocked my viral load down to next to nothing. 15 years later my viral load began rising again.  Today I am near the end of the program on my last 3 pills from the 90 day run. I have had some minor side affects....mostly weakness and fatigue and muscle cramps near the end here.  I have my last labs next week....hopefully I am good to go.
People, if you are switching from methadone or buprenorphine  (Suboxone) , do NOT get the shot right away. Both methadone and buprenorphine are long acting opiates. When a medical professional tells you that you need to stay clean for 5-7 days, they are speaking of short acting opiates. Heroin, OC, OP, OHC, and I 'm sure the other codeine derivatives have a much shorter half-life (a measure of how long they stay in your body) than do methadone and buprenorphine. If you are trying to switch from one of the long acting opiates to the naltrexone shot, personally I would switch to a shorter acting opiate for two week, then stay clean off the for 4-5 days, and then get the shot. I understand this may not sit well with some people.
I have been a poor sleeper for a few years now due to anxiety related issues. After having tried both benzos and z-drugs, which only really made things worse, I have been using atarax with good results. Strangely for me a small dose (12.5mg) seems to work as well as a larger dose, which definitely wasn 't the case for me with other drugs. On the down side it can leave me feeling a bit spaced out for several hours after waking.
I have been taking zomig for a couple of years. It definitely takes my migraines away but my skin and muscle hurt every time. I have to plan showering around it. Today I had a very bad reaction after going on a very brisk 2 mile walk. My face and skin were flush, nauseous and hyper sensitivity to light. Migraine came back w a vengeance. Felt somewhat like heat stroke which isn 't possible as it 's 70 degrees. Almost went to hospital.  Iced my head and rested. Finally feeling better. Note to self.. Do not exert myself on this medication!
Insomnia is one of the tag alongs with my Bi Polar. My doctor prescribed every medication on my Group Health formulary to no avail. I either had radical side effects or they only worked for 2 to 3 hours. Ambien CR is a blessing. I actually now get at least 5 to 6 hrs of sleep a night. For those of you with Bi Polar, you understand sleep is crucial to preventing mood swings. The only problem I have experienced is Ambien tends to build up and quit working every so often so I have clonazapam to use for a few days until the tolerance wears off. Thank God for Ambien CR.
I took the day after pill and it did what it was supposed to, but i have had bad acne and didnt have my period for two months though i wasnt pregnant. One werid thing i did notice though is my mood stabilized until i started my period again.
I like it, but my periods are now 2 weeks long. Not used to it and its annoyying.
Diagnosed with bipolar disorder 7 months ago, this medicine is the first that has actually WORKED. Tried Lamictal, Depakote, Trileptal, etc. I was prescribed Geodon 2 months ago it stabilized my mood, staves off depression and gives me hope for a normal life.However, I 'm unusually forgetful (unusual for me) and confused (er, more than usual for me). I don 't remember dreams or anything that happens for 6 hours after I take it at bedtime. Also noticing that I bruise very easily and I 'm sweating ALL of the time, strong smelling urine. 
Thoughts of never feeling normal again. It scares me a lot.
I started taking Risperidone a number of months ago after a psychotic episode. I 'm prone to episodes of psychosis especially with very bad agitation, paranoia, and delusions and have been hospitalised before for this. I 've been on Quetiapine, Olanzapine, Amisulpride, Clopixol (depot injection) and Clozapine. I am currently taking 3mg of Risperidone along wIth Venlafaxine. I take it before bed at night. It gives me a nice calm relaxed feeling and I find I can usually sleep better with less anxiety and voices at night. I don 't suffer side effects and I think if people practice mindful eating and try to exercise a bit then they shouldn 't gain weight, I haven 't. I think this drug controls my symptoms well and stops mania.
I had the insertion on April 19, 2017. As expected, the procedure was uncomfortable and caused some cramping that lasted for the day. I had been struggling with acne breakouts prior to getting the IUD and the breakouts have definitely subsided. Only downside is that almost 2 months later, I am still bleeding. Although it is light, still very inconvenient and annoying,
I have high hopes for Latuda! Over the past 15 years I have been treated for depression/anxiety disorder/panic attacks, and things would sometimes get a little better, but eventually get worse again. I went through a particularly awful time about a month ago, so my doctor gave me a sample of Latuda. Like many here, I felt extreme exhaustion right away, which would put me straight to sleep. However, it abated a bit after the first few days, and by a week it is not bad I have gained some weight, but I think it 's because I 've been eating/taking Latuda later at night. (Nothing like what I gained on Abilify) I am also waking up earlier in the morning (7 a.m. instead of my 7:30 alarm) in a good mood!
So I had unprotected sex on July 2 three days after my period and took the pill like half an hour after, a week later I got breast tenderness and spotting and got my period on July 29 five days late, it was heavy and it wasn 't until today August 9 that it stopped. Of course I freaked out cause I 'd never experienced anything like that but it don 't worry it works
I have been on this medication for 5 months. I have lost 20 lbs. I have experience SERIOUS heartburn to the point of it waking me up from my throat burning. I still crave sweets towards the end of my shot wearing out for the week, but I continued to lose weight despite eating sweets. My doctor reported my sugars were high both times after testing alc (somewhere in the 6.0 to 6.3 range). I have started wanting to throw up a couple of days after my shot. Weird this just started. I can no longer get free samples of this, so I will be switching to Farxiga. It is bittersweet having to go off of this medication. I have tried Victoza &amp; Trulicity too. Trulicity equalled heartburn. Victoza no symptoms but very little weight loss.
As you get older you take more knocks and psychological blows to your belief system and at 33 ( had depression all my life didn 't really care lived with it long enough and I felt it kept me grounded ) I started to lose control of my thinking and my depression became overwhelming. Hopelessness and pointlessness in living became a 24 hour battle. I was suicidal and anxiety and constant panic attacks were causing me to lose belief in any sort of future. My dad died because of depression and drug /alcohol misuse. The last thing I wanted was to take medication for it. But it was either go to the doctor or die. 8 months on 40mg a day depression is under control and without doubt I 'm learning to live again thanks to these.
Xa inhibitors such as Xarelto are increasingly becoming more commonly prescribed and very effective in treating Antiphospholipid syndrome (an autoimmune disorder that causes  'sticky blood ' resulting in clots) as an alternative to Warfarin, particularly in the cases of patients such as myself who had unstable INR results. The side effects have been minimal, and possibly can 't all necessarily be blamed on Xarelto as I take many other medications, some with similar side effects such as tiredness and headaches. The worst side effect for me is dizziness, but my specialist recommended I take it just before bed instead of the morning as the dizziness wears off within several hours.
I was prescribed Voltaren gel for my MCP joint, which experienced remodeling of bone after my 14-year career as a deep tissue massage therapist.  I am a chiropractic student, so I went the conservative route first: adjustment, ultrasound, cold laser, Alpha-stim, microcurrent probes.  Finally I had a series of x-rays on campus and unfortunately, there is a large osteophyte on the volar (palm) side of the base of the 1st metacarpal, along with serious lipping of the scaphoid bone which supports it (you know this combination as the saddle joint).  Voltaren helps the crippling pain of trying to unscrew a jar, open a doorknob, or hold a pen.  I will however have surgery to remove the osteophyte.
1. No serious side effects, such as headache or constipation; this is the only antidepressant on the market that I have ever been able to tolerate.2. Serious vivid dreaming and sometimes nightmares.3. Daytime sleepiness. Advise taking at night.4. EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE. 5. Taking the 5 mg.6. Stabilizes my emotions, OCD, negative thinking.
I too gained masses of weight taking Seroquel but lost it all (35lb) in 6 months by healthy eating &amp; being AWARE of the pitfalls. Seroquel does not make you gain weight. Seroquel makes you crazy HUNGRY craving all the bad stuff  - salt/sugar/fried food for me. The secret is to ANTICIPATE your munchies. Prepare a large but healthy snack in advance or save half your evening meal and have it at bedtime just before you take your meds. This really worked for me. Taking my meds on a full stomach took the cravings away.
For ladies, I believe the flagyl gel is 100% better and as effective IF used properly.  At least it doesn 't affect your internal organs! But if you are healthy and have healthy food and life habits, you should be ok with the tablets. Recommend not to take this drug too often though. It is 100% toxic. But very effective.
It has helped me to relax and not have as much anxiety.
It has worked well for me I was taking I can 't even remember what that made me sleepy all the time and I did feel like a zombie. My doctor kept Zolof 100mg along with Depakote 500mg due to my panic attacks. After about a year we tried taking Zolof off but Depakote alone did not work for me. The combination did help my life a lot, more focused, I feel like I can organize my thoughts, get things done, follow through on plans... it changed my life for the better. The constant hunger and putting on weigh are a sadly too true for me, but given the improvement in the quality of life it gave me I find it a small price to pay. Also now that I am more focused I find it easier to actually get to the gym to work on loosing those 14 pounds.
I 've been on Aviane for about 2 weeks now. Just a little moody, but so far so good.
We 'll I have been on this medication for 7 months now. At first it worked well for my pain. Your body has to get used to it . This medication works well for my joint pain in back and knees. It will work for headache also. But these past 2 months I 've had terrible side effects. I get these stomach pains from hell. I get sick and throw up.  The stomach pain is unbearable . Taking the 18mg. 3xs a day sometimes only able to take 1 a day with food for sure and the stomach pain will come. Also has caused upper respiratory infection 2xs now.
I gained a lot of weight when I was on my other pill so my doctor but me on Aviane and I lost all the extra weight in less than a week. Best pill out there!
Great for day to day pain, but lacking if you do lots of heavy lifting in a day.
A pretty average experience. Helped a ton with my teenage acne from when I started using it (age 15) to when I stopped using it (age 17). Had to get off it now because it would induce a lot of stomach pain and diarrhea when I would be taking it.
I was diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome when I was 16 Y/O and very irregular periods and some body hair.I was becoming increasingly unhappy with how things were and so the doctor tried to help by putting me on the pill. This helped only by regulating my  'period ' every month instead of having a random period twice a month or nothing for 4 - 6 months. I 'm 28 now and I 've literally been on Yasmin since I was 17 to 27 y/o with no breaks. My hubby and I are trying to conceive so I came off the pill in March 2014 and from then till Nov 2014 I had one natural period. So, the doctor prescribed Metformin in November, I take only 500mg twice a day and on Dec 24th 2014 I had my period. Then again now Jan 30th 2015. The only down fall is very sore cramps.
5 herniated discs here from L5-S1up. I take 1/2 tab every 2 hours and it makes life survivable. My thoughts and prayers are for all who suffer from chronic pain.
I was given the generic equivalent of Valium prior to a closed MRI as I am claustrophobic.  It did not completely relax me during the protracted procedure, however, it did help to some degree.  I only took a 5mg dose; if I were to have to undergo this procedure in the future, I would take a 10mg dose.  One 5mg pill, however, does help me greatly when I experience bouts of insomnia.
I was recently dx w/ Fibromyalgia. I take 50mg of Tramadol when I 'm having a &quot;bad pain day&quot; which is about 3x per week. Tramadol seems to take the edge off the pain as well as increase my energy level and put me in a better mood. Downsides: it usually causes a mild upset stomach (for the first 30-60mins), it takes about an hour to kick in, and rarely it makes me a little nauseous. Overall, I 'm pleased with this drug. My provider had told me that Hydrocodone/Oxycodone medications will worsen my Fibromyalgia syndrome in the long run, but that taking Tramadol as needed is a good method of treatment.
I failed Copaxone and then Avonex therapy. I started Tysabri in March of 2010. Some improvement in my disability. The only side effect that I get is a two day migraine post infusion. Otherwise, I do NOT miss the shots and flu symptoms. I actually look forward to the 2 hour nap during and after infusion! I recommend this medicine to those that fail on the other ABCs!
Very Dry Mouth  Strange dreams. Ringing ears .
I have been taking wellbutrin 300 mg for about three years. I was taking Zoloft for anxiety before that and absolutely hated it. The first couple years on wellbutrin was great. I wasn 't having anxiety attacks and stress was normal. However, I think my body got too used to it and now the effects are minimal. I can feel some difference, but my anxiety has been an all time high this past year. Since there 's nothing higher than 300 mg, I 'm planning to try something different. I did like wellbutrin, no side effects. Just doesn 't work well for me anymore.
I started on Hizentra 3 months ago and I am quite pleased with the differance it has made. I was always feeling run down and so so tired all the time and I would have one Sinus infection after an other. I was so sick of taking antibiotics. They say at about four months I will be close to my plateau, I don 't know about that as I was quite run down. Each week has had its ups and downs, You know i step forward and 2 back, lately however I have been noticing a more level and steady state. I don 't care to much for inserting the 4 needles every week and the injection site pain but it is only there for a couple of days then I have 5 days to enjoy life. Good luck to you!Mike
I am a 44yr old woman. 4 '11&quot; starting weight 169. I started on Dec 26 only taking a half dose of the 37.5 mg. I did this about a week. The first few days I experienced  insomnia and faster heart beat but it didn 't last long. I have lost 4lbs. The first week I was still eating more than I expected but now it seems to be holding longer throughout the day. I am drinking a lot of water. Partially because I have extreme dry mouth. I just started at the gym as well so I 'm hoping for some really good results in the coming weeks. I will continue this and keep updating.PS One side effect I have noticed a significant change in, is loss of libido. I hope this is not a lengthy side effect. :(
I been on Apri for 3 weeks now and I feel that I been eating a lot. It is non-stop eating, all day long. Am always hungry and I haven 't checked my weight. I been on 3 different birth control pills in less than 3 months and I think that Apri is alright so far. No mood swings, some acne though. I was nauseous on the very first day I took the pill and I am still sensitive to smells. It made my period lighter and shorter so far.
Many children with the autism diagnosis suffer from sleep disorders as well.  Geodon in small doses is very effective in treating these disorders with minimal side effects.
This was my 5th colonoscopy and first with Suprep. Never got as clean before as I did with this one.  It took 5 hours to start working but once it started got clear very quickly.  Licked Italian ice between gulps to help mask the taste.  I did develop some nausea with both the first and second dose. Tried to walk around to get the Prep from my stomach into intestines where it works I was concerned about the hour drive to the surgical center,  but did not need to stop.  If you are doing the prep my advice is to try to relax, the prep will soon be over and the rest is easy!
The secret to successful Trazodone use is to take it at the same time every night. I do 8:30. Then you need to go to bed within an hour for me.... if I don 't go to bed relatively soon after taking it the opposite effect sometimes happens. I get a solid sleep.  No movement,vivid dreams which I actually look forward to.
Significant skin rash all over body with severe itching and swelling in ankles and calves.
Suffering for years from all symptoms of hypothryroidism and mother has Hashimoto 's. Finally doctor did thyroid tests. My thyroid peroxidase asb level was 170 but Free T4 and T3 within normal range. Doc prescribed 100mg Synthroid to start. Wow! In three days I could tell a difference. I rated Synthroid 8 of 10. Time will tell if I have side effects, but for the time being after one week on Synthroid I feel like a new person.
Its good for controlling your appetite but there are some other side effects than mentioned above including several joint pain and stiffness of lower jaw which some times feel like its locked specially when I 'm dehydrated and it looses its effect over time so its best to start on lower doses
I had tried piroxicam and nabumatone for my joint pain. They did not help as well. I was taking tramadol 2-4 times a day in addition to the NSAID. Since starting Salsalate 2 months ago I am now taking tramadol just 1-2 times per week. I have noticed a significant difference in my joint pain, swelling, and even morning stiffness.
22, no children. So it 's been about two hours since I had the Mirena inserted. I must admit that I was pretty horrified by some of the cringe-worthy reviews had seen, and I was very nervous going in today. The pain was quite awful for about 5 seconds, then I had a bit of cramping, followed by some sweating, all of which subsided rather quickly. The whole procedure couldn 't have been more than 5 minutes. I 'm not experiencing any pain as of right now, but I do feel a little fullness and pressure. Overall, not the nightmarish experience I had expected.
26 y/o male no history of depression but some acute episodes (a few weeks back in high school). Began taking 10 mg prozac daily 3 weeks ago after struggling with major depressive disorder following job loss, relationship break-up and move back home with family. After 3 weeks have noticed marked improvement in mood and wellbeing. I would HIGHLY recommend to someone who can also engage in healthy diet, aerobic and anaerobic exercise, healthy social life and some engaging work.Thank you prozeezy!
I had a torn tendon in my knee and had to have surgery. They gave me this for my pain. It has been relatively good. It takes my pain away for about 4 hours then I need to take it again. But now I 've got to take it every 6 hours and it doesn 't last that long. So for 2 hours I have to suffer. So for long lasting pain management it doesn 't work that well, but for short term, it 's great. And it doesn 't upset my stomach.
I rated this a 8 - short of a 10 because of the cost.  The renewed vigor and energy is enough to score a 10.  To remedy the sticky feel; after application and the Testim is dry, apply corn starch (unscented baby powder) to a wash cloth and dust your shoulders.  The Testim scent is noticeable, but hardly unbearable and is often complemented on.
I 've read almost every comment on this medicine. How can anyone eat while taking this medication? The smell or even looking at food makes me want to die. I started this medication back in June 2017, I 've lost 20lbs, although I 'm on and off. The nausea is ridiculous. I can 't even drink water when taking this medicine. I puke everything up. I can not increase my dose from 1.2mg, I tried and the nausea was intolerable. Even at 1.2mg I feel sick. I purchased the medicine went to see my doctor told her I paid for it and she gave me five additional pens. My goal is to get down to 150lb, I 'm hoping that the nausea will go away. So far it has not.
For those of you whom the patch does not last the whole 3 days or if your dose doesn 't seem constant ~ Try the MYLAN generic brand. It lasts the whole 3 days and I never have any withdrawal symptoms! I take the 75 patch, and it is the ONLY brand that worked for me. I do also take 2 tramadol 50mg every 4 hours also, but this is for the pain from my muscle spasms, which the patch never helps (for me). I also take muscle relaxers for the spasms but I hate to take them because they make me drowsy. I have disc degeneration and nerve damage and the pain wraps around my upper back to my chest area. On my worst days, I wanted to die. Thank God for this Fent Patch! PS- Use rubbing alcohol to clean your arm first; major stickiness help!
I have taken just about every over the counter sleep aid, and all prescribed ones as well and this works pretty well for me. I have to take the maximum dose of Ambien to even feel drowsy, this is much cheaper (no insurance) and works as well or possibly a little better. DO NOT TAKE ANY MORE THAN RECOMMENDED. 
My daughter started weekly Enbrel injections, in combination with Methotrexate injections, about 6 months after she was diagnosed with Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. She continued them for about 3 years. During that time she barely had any side effects from the medication. Pain and redness at the injection site and occasional nausea after the injections for about 24 hours. It did seem to control her flare ups for most of the time. After about 2 1/2 years her arthritis became more aggressive and the medication was not as effective. Her doctor decided to change her medications. But over all, Enbrel was an effective medication for the first years of her arthritis.
i just started taking this medicine. I am 5&quot;2 and 183 lbs and have too much energy that its making me nervous. I have had a hard time sleeping and have had a lot of cotton mouth. I have to say though it is working. Before I started taking it I would eat everything in sight. Now my mom has to force me to eat. I have had no weight loss because it 's only been a few days but I 'm praying that it will come off soon.
I have been using the 50 now for 4 months, I do regularly wake up and the bed is soaked in sweat, the patches never work for 3 days and on the 3rd day I am back on my Norco. I have found that if I shower 1-1.5 hours prior to a new patch and hold it in place they stick much better, the pain relief is much better than the Norco but I recently noticed a wheezing cough that is getting worse could be allergies, but wondering if others have had the massive sweats. I still work and sometimes if in a position I know that would be painful without the patch.  
I 've been in chronic pain with chronic fatigue for 30 plus years: fibromyalgia and CFS. This caused many years of depression. Took other SSRI 's over the years but was always teetering on the side of depression. Cymbalta did nothing for me except weight gain.  My Dr. gave me a trial pack of Viibryd. When I started the 40 mg, I experienced severe GI upsets....heartburn, growls &amp; grumbling, gas, &amp; nasty taste on my tongue. I also had vividly violent dreams as soon as I fell asleep. I reported these complaints to my Dr. and he lowered my dosage to 20 mg. I still have a little gas and a violent dream every once in a while, but my depression &amp; energy is so much better. I feel like &quot;me&quot; again. I definitely recom- mend giving Viibryd a try.
I have been taking it for 5 months (have only been sexually active for the last). The most recent three months, I have always started my bleeding between the 2nd and 3rd week and don 't bleed at all on the inactive pills. I have mild cramping and nausea/feelings similar to my menses during the bleeding. I haven 't asked my doctor about this yet. Other than that, I have experienced no mood swings, no weight gain, no unpleasant symptoms. My acne cleared up. I do find vaginal dryness to be an issue, but I am not willing to chalk it up to the pill yet since both I and my husband are new at this. Also my breasts are relatively tender. I did think they had grown a bit even before I read all the reviews, but the change is hardly perceptible.
Condom broke, got plan B over the counter no problem. Took it yesterday and so far I 've had none of the symptoms whatsoever. So for all of you girls who are sitting there terrified reading this like I was.. Don 't be afraid to take it. I 've had NONE of the side effects. And its better to be safe than sorry. You 'd rather take it and not need it than to look back in a month while you 're staring at your positive pregnancy test and wish you had just taken the stupid thing. Hopefully it works :)
I 'm going on 8 months now. The birth control is great, the only issue I had was my period. I feel like I 've had my period all those months and they last about 2 weeks. I 'll get a little break (1 week) and I 'll get it again. I did get really bad cramps one month but other than that I haven 't had any side effects. I feel like a lot of woman blame birth control for gain weight. But it 's all about will power you can 't let one thing control your life. People just need to get off their butts and workout. That 's how you won 't gain weight.
I love this birth control. After reading all of the reviews, I was really scared to go on it, but ever since, I have nothing but good things to say. No weight gain, haven 't gotten pregnant, plus my sex drive is through the roof now. The only downside is that I 'm way more emotional than I usually am; like crying a lot and getting mad more often at little things. But I 've been told that that will improve as time goes on. Plus I get this birth control for free. I would definitely recommend this to people!
I have been on generic 25mg daily dose for a week now for migraines. Positive is that I finally have a break in the migraine of 8 plus days, no tingling in extremities as others mentioned. No additional mental fog. Cola taste flat and that is a plus to me as I need to drink more water. Negative is the nausea that occurs after I take the pill and it is horrible but I counter it with a suppository of phenegrin(sp). Of course that knocks me out for hours. I was to increase dosage to 50mg but doctor gave okay to wait another week. This is a promising option for me after 16 yrs of suffering. And I have tried numerous meds over that time.
I have been on the combo of Phentermine and Topiramate for a month, I started at 180 lbs. I have lost 11 lbs, so now at 169 lbs....of course was hoping to loose more.  I probably need to exercise more.  I have had no side effects at all! I am watching what I eat and how much, I am drinking a lot of water and probably too much coffee (black) in the mornings, but I always do. I am on 37.5 mg tablet of Phentermine, started on 1/4 tablet...now on 1/2.  I am taking 25 mg. of Topiramate, started on 1 tablet...now I am taking 2. I have no insurance and I have noticed that some have been concerned about cost.  I have 2 scrips, About $20, Google Good RX for a coupon, most pharmacies accept it.
I 've had implanon since June and it 's now February. The first month I had it I didn 't have a period, after that I had 2 months of heavy periods lasting about 2 weeks, then I would lightly spot almost every single day without any real periods in between. But for the past 2 months I 've had absolutely no bleeding. Which is a blessing and a curse because I 've been having sex without condoms and I 'm paranoid. But I 'm hoping this is normal and isn 't because of pregnancy. If I am pregnant I will be making another review Lol. I am 20 &amp; had no real side effects aside from the constant spotting at one point. Doctors said it was because of a thin endometrial lining caused by the bc and if i constantly bleed again they 're removing it. But I like it lol
I read a review that said this stuff was &quot;invented by Lucifer&quot;, and it was the most accurate thing ever.This stuff is NASTY. Do not drink it with a straw. You need to chug as much of it as you can, and then suck on a lemon wedge. I wish I had read the reviews prior to choking down the first bottle, but the lemon was a life saver for the second bottle. Smells okay, tastes like a super salty/sweet grape drink on crack. Worst thing I 've ever had to ingest.As far as the cleaning out process, this stuff is great. I had zero cramps or pain, but that may be because of my vegan diet prior to this procedure. No nausea (except while drinking this), and no vomiting. Bowels emptied and it eventually was only the drink itself leaving my body.
Gives me more energy and less pain.
Only on Edarbyclor 40/25 for 10 days.  It indeed lowered my blood pressure significantly, average from 150/90 to 115/60.   However side effects include stomach problems and irregular pulse readings.
Used this for rosacea, which i thought was a shaving rash on my face. It immediately went far more red than before to the point where it was visible to others and on a larger area. I persisted and after a few days it was beginning to clear. The peeling is pretty severe and i seem to be flaking heavily everytime i rub my face. I will persist for another few weeks but it has definatley helped. Interesting to note that a tub of 15% 30g costs &pound;8 on the NHS or &pound;45 private wheras in the US it seems comparitely extortionate.
I have had chronic back/abdominal pain for over 8 years. And I go to pain management. The morphine XR  has given me back my life again.  But the morphine definitely helps with my moderate pain. Unfortunately, now with the possible overdose death of Prince, the government will again tighten up restrictions on legally obtaining pain meds. I 'm in NY, and we have some of the strictest controlled substance laws in the country.  These were put in place after several high-profile celebrities who obtained these meds illegally, overdosed. It 's not fair that the public has to pay the price for the rich and famous ' mistakes. Celebrities will always find a way to &quot;get around the laws&quot;, while the rest of us pay the price.
I started march 18 slight headache but it sure did curb my appetite.I wasn 't hungry but i sure thought n talked about food n soda how I want to indulge but didnt ,couldnt contrave wouldn 't let me.Until this evening I was doing well I was on a no carb low fat until I ate a sandwich, feeling guilty. But you know  what I didnt binge I didn 't even drink that ice cold pepsi I kind of feel good Maybe my body needed the sandwich .Its way less food I 've been eating I do recommend contrave. Week 2 soon I will keep you inform . I also had a gastric bypass and gained 40 lbs back. But now I 'm on my way to good health
After surgery 6 days ago, I took Percocet and also laid in bed for 3 days without a lot of movement. I believe this is what cause my constipation. I tried ex-lax max strength on day 6 of not going and it only caused pain. My stool seemed to be too big and too hard to pass. I talked to my doctor and was told to try magnesium citrate. The cherry didn 't taste bad at all and I was able to drink the entire bottle. 6 hours later and my stool was STILL too hard to pass. I ended up using Fleet Saine enema and that did the trick. I believe that this product would work for most people and would certainly use it again, but with the amount of blockage I had -  I needed more help!
I 've had multiple Synvisc, cortisone and aerations over the last 5 years. The process is easy and pretty much painless. The results were beneficial, but the pain would always return (usually in 6 month intervals) and get progressively worse in frequnecy and intensity. When the pain got so bad it was difficult to walk, then I would schedule another appointment. A little over 1year and 3 months ago, I decided to start strengthening my leg muscles with weights as apposed to cardio by walking and the elliptical. Do not do the leg extensions as I found out these only make things worse. I do leg presses and reverse leg curls with a compression brace on both knees. Most of the pain is gone (90%) at this time period and is still getting better.
I 've been on this for almost 3 months now, it 's the first birth control pill I 've taken. My periods are crazy short, only about 3-4 days, and it 's very light bleeding. I don 't have cramps, but I am VERY moody. I cry and get mad over insignificant things. My breasts have swollen a little bit. It hasn 't affected my weight much at all. One thing I don 't like is the mint flavor. After two months it gets really annoying and it starts to taste bad. The first day I took it I got nauseous but that was it. I 've also experienced an increased sex drive, not decreased.
I take baclofen for extreme pain in shoulder and arm due to compressed neck vertebrae. I had tried Flexeril and Robaxin and received no relief.  When I first began taking this I couldn 't sleep, had a headache and as I read a review by another person - fell asleep mid sentence. My boss said I was hard to get to understand things but very agreeable. All are getting better. I have very vivid dreams now and wake about every 3 or 4 hours to go to the bathroom - that I was doing prior to the drug. What I call &quot;pee pee pads&quot; are very important but I used them prior to taking Baclofen. Overall, this medicine seems to help most of the time. I take it just before leaving for work just in case I might have trouble driving. Works well.
I have been clean now for 114 days. Before Suboxone I had given up on everything. Myself, my kids, and my husband. When I first used Suboxone I started with 4mg. I had a horrible reaction to it. Everything was slow motion, I was vomiting, sweating, nodding in and out, aches and pains everywhere, the scariest part was the hard time breathing. Its like I forgot to breath. My clinic doctor had never seen or heard of a reaction like that. I refused to give up though, after 5-7 days I had finally felt like me (before my addiction took over). I have had some side effects. But minor ones. I finally have my family back! 
I had Skyla inserted 1 year ago. The first month, my belly was bloated, but it went down after. The insertion did not hurt me at all. I have one child, so I don 't know if this is related or not. I like not having to worry about getting pregnant. I forget I have a IUD. My only issue is that I get regular blood spot outside of my cycle and that is not convenient as I basically lost half of my underwear collection, and not cool for my sex life. No one wants to have blood spots coming out of nowhere during sex! So that is really what concerns me the most about it, so I will schedule an appointment with gyno asap to know if it is normal. I did not have any other side effects, so I am happy with it.
I started at 100mg and am now up to 600m g 3x a dayHad some pain relief at 300mg 3x a day but now pain seems to be increasing. Have a disk fracture at L`.1 and bulging disks at L 2.3. Also rods and screws at L 5-S1  . Had low cortisol due to too many nerve blocks.Am asking if this is normal that pain increased  at 300 mg. Am concerned about increase. Am hoping from reading other reviews that pain will decrease. Had to use oxycodone 5-10 mg a day which I hate because it makes me sleepy.
I had a life changing event and I noticed that I was not able to &quot;balance&quot; work, home (mom) and other things. I 've been on Zoloft for almost 2 yrs. And thank goodness! I don 't think I would have handled what I did as well as I did had I not been on it. I don 't really notice any side effects for me.
I used Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about a year and a half. It worked pretty well in that I did not get pregnant and did not experience any harsh side effects. (On previous Birth Controls, I experienced sore and enlarged breasts, extremely decreased sex drive, and difficulty even responding to sexual anything). However, I did have more vaginal fluid than I was comfortable with and the fluid also had a different/weird odor. It helped my skin dramatically for the first couple of months, but after that it only helped some. My period was lighter and shorter on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo, so that was a plus! No weight gain, no moodiness. On the whole, I 'd say it was a successful birth control experience.
I have been on Implanon since February 2008.  I must say, I love not having to remember to take the pill, but the downfall of this implant is my weight gain.  The doctor who did the procedure warned me about possible weight gain.
I had suffered from panic attacks and anxiety since I was 8 years old.  It was managable until this year.  The attacks have been so severe that I cannot drive and was missing work.  I cannot take SSRI 's or any medications for that matter.  My DR. prescribed Burspar 5mg twice daily.  That actually was too much for me and I take 2.5mg twice a day and it works wonderful.  I feel the anxiety dwindle away within 1 hour of taking the pill.  I do not take it on a regular basis, only when my anxiety begins to increase.  Buspar levels me to a normal level. There is hope.
I started Contrave 11/11/2015 so today would be the end of week 9. I have lost 22 pounds. So that is about 2.4 pounds a week. I have also been eating a healthier diet...south beach. I have not felt deprived and have had the energy to exercise regulary. I have added in workouts 4-6 days a week alternating between run/walk intervals 1 min each for 3-5 miles, 45 minute spinning classes at home through an app called Peleton, and Hiit style workouts as well on tapes. I am impressed with the energy and focus I have been able to be successful sticking with it. I have not had many side effects....I did try the full dose of 2 in am and 2 in pm at week 4. After a week I was feeling slight chest tightness so backed off to the lesser dose.
Solodyne is pretty quick and effective. No bad side effects!
I had no problem with Nortriptyline.  I had to take it in conjunction with Lithium for depression.  My problem was when I QUIT taking it.  I 'm dizzy, sick to my stomach, I have ringing in my ears, I 'm irritated all the time and I can 't sleep.  Just be prepared in case you stop taking it too.
I have had the shot several times in the the past but that has been over three years ago and I did have some side effects. The worst was vomiting in the morning but it lasted about an hour after I woke up. It lasted for 2 weeks everytime I got the shot. It has been 3 years and I started the shot again. I got the shot 3 days ago and I have one swollen lymph node under my neck and my stomach is messed up with craps but it cramps I have never felt. They hurt but only in the morning and I don 't get sick. They are not that bad. I know one thing that sucked is my anxiety has increased which is a problem for me and kind of scary. The shot is a good idea even with the side effects, its 1000 times better than being dope sick.
Had Implanon for 3 years with very heavy, long periods, switched to Nexplanon immediately afterewards  (no break between b.c.)pros: did not get pregnant, didn 't have to remember to take anything. No periods for 3 years.Cons: maybe depression, definitely caused nipple discharge (aka lactating), mood swings, hormone imbalance year 2 of implant (no sex in 6 months leading up to symptom change). 5 months after removal, still have nipped discharge and no periods, but depression/mood swings significantly lessened. Dr informed me could be up to 6 months to get back to &quot;normal&quot;
Of all the SSRI 's, Lexapro works best for my OCD at 30mg/day.  I take Wellbutrin SR 100mg 3x day to combat high-dose sexual dysfunction.  70% reduction in symptoms.
Tramadol is by far the best pain medication I have had yet. The only down fall for me is it causes extreme fatigue/mood swings the next day. It is a fast acting drug. I could definitely tell a difference in my pain - it was the mildest it has been in months.
Been taking it for about one month. Feel like a new person.
I take 5mg at night to sleep, without them I have to take any other night time medicine but these don 't work near as well! They do not effect me in the morning, and my fianc&eacute; knows not to wake me until at least 7 hours have passed. I have had no troubles, though he did say I 've been laughing and talking in my sleep!
I started Saxenda end of June of 2017. My doctor started me at 0.6mg and every week I went up until I finally reached 3.0mg. I still have episodes of extreme tiredness and lethargy, not to mention the nausea. But, it is not consistent, and therefore bearable. I have lost 25 pounds thus far with no exercise; I have plateaued now, but my doctor ensured me if I introduce exercise I will lost more. The weird thing for me is that I have NO appetite or desire to eat animal protein - most days I have to force myself.
I found this drug had a very good effect. The only let down is it makes you put on weight.
Great on &quot;school sores&quot;
Caused tiredness and constipation.
I took accutane in the early 1980 's after years of unsuccessful treatment by dermatologists.  I was given every antibiotic available, had ultra-violet light treatment, dry ice treatments, liquid nitrogen treatments and then finally X-Ray treatments.  None of these worked.  Accutane cleared my skin quickly and I haven 't had a problem in almost 25 years.  I had no serious side effects.
I 've finished 3 packs of this pill. I came off of Depo Provera...endless spotting and I got the worst acne of my life. So I switched to Trinessa 3 months after Depo. Things are back to normal, but even better than when I was on no birth control. With each pack, I 've noticed more improvement in skin, length of period and my breasts have become more rounder. I can 't say I am ecstatic about it yet, but maybe I need to be on it longer. Period is only a little lighter, but is definitely shorter. Went from 7 to 4 days. Cramps are only a little better. Skin is not nearly as clear as it was before Depo, but on its way!
I have MS and was having terrible spasms at night. Since taking this medicine I feel much better.
I 've been taking low dose Ativan for years.  It worked well for my anxiety.  Although it seems to wear off extremely fast.  I actually split the pill in two, take a half before bed, and take the other half when I wake up at night.  The only problem is after my old doctor retired, I found nobody would prescribe it.  All the newer doctors would rather give out anti-depressant.  I had to quit taking it cold turkey last month.  Now I 'm on an anti-depressant and some strong sleeping pills in order to get enough sleep.  The results are inconsistent.  Some nights I get only 3 or 4 hours, some nights I sleep 10 hours and still feel tired.  I 'm not sure if it 's worth the trouble.  Ativan was so cheap that it didn 't matter I don 't have insurance.
I 've taken Pradaxa for almost three months.  For the first couple of weeks, I thought I would be one of the fortunate ones as I had no side effects.  However, the longer I take it, the more side effects I experience.  I cannot take it on an empty stomach, or even with only a light meal.  I have heartburn, especially at night, plus the bowel issues, which seem to get worse daily.  I don 't want to go back to Coumadin, though.  I 'm going to have ablation surgery and if it goes as planned, I hope to be able to stop taking blood thinner after a few weeks.
I have taken a simple anti-depressant such as Effexor for years. I never felt they fully did the job. When talking to my Dr. one day, I told her my sleep patterns were horrible, with insomnia, or awaking early. She suggested Seroquel as an additive. I have been on it for about a year, and I have never felt so rested. I have a better focus. I even think it has really helped my depression a bit. Yes, it does increase my appetite a bit , but I try to eat healthy foods and walk. You must take it  a full 8 hours before you want to awake, or you may be droggy. I am really satisfied.
I am a 49 year old female who was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I am taking Risperidone 2 mg a day with 75 mg of Effexor. I was severely depressed and suicidal everyday.  Lexapro made me extremely anxious and nervous. I think 75 mg of Effexor is helping a lot.  I am now not as depressed or suicidal. I am now regaining my energy and interest back. For everyone who struggle with depression/bipolar out there: don 't give up HOPE. Things will get better and you will recover. I believe that. Hang in there, seek help and know that I am rooting for your quick recovery. Best wishes to all of you.
I had my Mirena put in a little over 3 months ago. I 'm 24 years old and have no children nor have I ever been pregnant. The procedure to put in the IUD was very painful for me and although it only took 10 minutes it felt like forever. That being said I feel like it would have been better if my doc would have told me that it would hurt worse than just &quot;mild cramping&quot; and I would have taken a better painkiller other than the 200mg of Advil she suggested. That first night was almost unbearable and the next two weeks were not much better. I spot bled for about a week until I got my period which lasted for 13 days. After that however, the cramps stopped and so did my period. I think it was worth the pain at first for the convenience of no pill.
I actually like this birth control. I was on Othro Cyclen Lo and it gave me horrible mood swings, only problem with this birth control was when I first started it I did throw up alot for no reason but I have been on it for 6 months and I love it, but I am switching to the Nuvaring because I can 't remember to take the pill. The first time I went on this pill I gained 8 pounds in a month than I went off of it for a few months lost All the weight. Second time I went on I gained 9 pounds. I 'm not complaining because I did want to gain weight. I started off at 104 and I want to be 118 this pill does make you hungry and if you didn 't eat you might get sick. I got very moody a week before my period but overall I love this pill.
T2.  I have been on Metformin 1000 for several years and with diet and monitoring bs levels have managed well.  Recently,  I have struggled with numbers and decided to give in to additional help in management of numbers. I started with 10 day sample of Invokana 100 and did well. Felt fine, no real issues of concern.  Even thirst and restroom visits didn 't really increase. Then started the 300 10 day sample and again no real noticeable issues. Requested prescription and now, 10 days later I can barely stay awake. I have always been a 5-6 hour a day sleeper and now I am so exhausted I could easily sleep 10-12 hours a day. Decided to try splitting the pill to see if anything changes in my sleepiness before requesting to go back to the 100.
I have been using Pristiq for about two years.  First year was a whole new life.  Past year has shown a gradual reduction in effect, to the point where we have tried increased dosages to no avail.  Looks like this great medicine has an efficacy life, and I am experiencing the end of it for me.
Okay. my zubsolv experience so far has been good when I actually had the medication. At this very moment I am out and the pharmacies in my area NEVER have them in stock. I switched from suboxone to zubsolv because the state insurance stopped covering  suboxone and started covering  Zubsolv. Now, I don 't mind this, but it 's a bitch to get! They need to have their pharmacies carry it or else a lot of you are going to be sick over the weekend because they have to order it and they don 't receive shipments during the weekend. I 'm going through this right now and tomorrow is Christmas. I called every damn pharmacy and they all told me the same thing. Other than all the issues that come with trying to get my medicine,  zubsolv works well for me
I am a 77 year old male. My Grandfather and my Father suffered from Depression. I have suffered from depression all of my life. I was first diagnosed with severe clinical depression about 1975. I was put on ELAVIL and the results were very good and I took it for about 12 years. At that time the ELAVIL stopped working and my Doctor put me on NORTRIPTYLINE. That seemed to stop the depression and worked for a long time. When it stopped working, my Doctor put me on PAXCIL. Then, a Psychiatrist added WELLBUTRIN XL. Then my PDOC replaced the generic PAXCIL with PRISTIQ.   For the first time in 40 years, my depression has gone!
It worked great on my seasonal allergies.  I 've had a real problem with insomnia.  Decided to check for causes and here I am.  I 've been extremely sleepy during the day, but chalk that up to the lack of sleep.  I can 't sleep more than 2 hours nightly.  It 's killing me!  After reading all these reviews, I 'm going to skip it today.  I hope I don 't begin to itch like so many of you did.  It 's a shame.  It made a world of difference to my head and sinuses.
I feel that this contraceptive has both positive and negative effects. I 'm a little disappointed my breasts have not grown at all since I 've been on Aviane. My moods are slightly more moody, but my cramps and periods are painless. This is a lower level of birth control - meaning it won 't make you gain weight or any other negative side effects others would cause.
Has no side effects.
I have been on Zyprexa for over 10 years, it has helped my illness greatly.  But I have had weight gain. Still battling cravings, also caused diabetes.
I was 39 years old at my first clot after surgery. I went off Coumadin after a year. Then had a pulmonary embolism and was put back on Coumadin.  My INRs had great fluctuations. I now have my own home Coagucheck and adjust my Coumadin with a Dr 's supervision and no clot since. I have had side effects but no clots since then.
All I have to say is, give them a bit of time to work. Especially if you were on high doses of another opiate. Your body will not even feel them for the first 4 or 5 days. I was taking 3x40mgs of methadone along with 6x15mgs of oxycodone per day for 4 years until I had a heart attack. My dr. sent me for an EKG and my &quot;QT&quot; interval was in the 500s along with leg and body swelling, tightness in the chest along with severe constipation (most likely from methadone). Once they got me weaned down of the methadone they prescribed 2x16mg Exalgo per day keeping the oxycodone as breakthrough. I started taking them as directed with no relief and I felt nauseous with afternoon headaches. At the 4th day I started feeling more relief. Give me time.
In August of 2011 I was diagnosed with non-Hodgkins Lymphoma at Stage 4.  It was an extremely low platelet count that provided the first clue to my doctor.  I was scheduled for 4 rounds of chemo, each round on two consecutive days.  After the first round, within a day, the lymph glands around my jaw and neck shrunk visibly.  It looked like I lost a lot of weight.  The chemo worked extremely well.  But within a few more days I was experiencing an adverse reaction that caused my skin to turn a deep red/purple color.  I also experienced severe gout due to so many cancer cells being killed off.  My feet, ankles, and knees were affected the most till finally I couldn 't walk.  My right leg was locked in a partially bent position.  I 'm ok now.
It 's now been three months since I had the Mirena IUD inserted and I 'm glad I went for it. The insertion was not painful, although measuring the cervix was. However, the pain went away real quick. I had lots of cramping and spotting for the first six weeks, and since I 'm very sensitive, it made me a bit moody too. However, as it settles in, I 'm loving the convenience and the no-worry assurance of birth control, and I 'm very glad I got the Mirena.  Read a lot of negative reviews before I went for my appointment, but I felt like it was the right thing for me and I 'm glad I trusted my instincts. If you 're thinking of getting one, just know that there is an initial adjustment period and things will get better if you just give it some time.
I started taking Lo Loestrin when I was in high school (for painful periods) 5 years ago and it was great. My periods got so much lighter and I loved it. I did get nauseous occasionally and sometimes had breakthrough bleeding but nothing too crazy... I could live with it. All of the sudden in the past year and even moreso in the past few months, I have had decreased libido and mood swings. The libido issue is really taking a toll on my relationship so i 've decided to switch. I do still recommend this pill though. I overall had a good experience with it, especially for my awful periods.
I have Tourette 's Syndrome and ADHD. Tried different kinds of medicines for my TS. Depending on my day, I could have some to a lot of tics. Topamax did wonders for my tics, but it can have side effects that are similar to ADHD symptoms - different remembering some words/names when asked, unable to concentrate, etc. I also experienced that my thought-pattern were kind of limited to a certain degree, as I would sometimes have difficulties thinking further ahead. This medicine however, was much better than other kinds I 've tried. 
I 've been on this medication for over two months. BuSpar helps with day to day, general anxiety. That said, I don 't feel that I can rely on this medication to stop a panic attacks. I still have agoraphobic feelings, and certain anxious thoughts (hypochondria type things) that haven 't ceased since before starting this medication. Side effects I 've noticed: Lightheadedness. Moderate fatigue. Munchies, snackyness. Increased libido and depth of taste. Give it a try. Compared to SSRI 's, it seems to be as effective without changing one 's brain chemistry so drastically.
My doctor recommend glucophage 500mg twice a day, with breakfast and dinner. With breakfast also take 5mg Glocotrol. It made my sugar level  /- 100 while previously was as high as 400. 
Hi, I am 26 and 5 foot 5. I started taking adipex on 3/27/16. My start weight was 211. Now, only 4 days later, I have lost 10 pounds and at 201. I am excited to see what I will get to. My goal weight is 160.
Just took my 2nd injection (the first without supervision) this morning. As others have said the needle is larger than I 'm used to, and the mixing a little cumbersome, but I 'll willing to stick with it. I had to stop both Byetta and Victoza due to horrendous side effects. I 'm praying that the Bydureon won 't make me as nauseous.
1/2 pill &quot;recommended by pharmacist&quot; works fine.  The 1 hour wait is often too much time to keep the mood going. 
It is a good medicine. It brought my blood pressure down to where it should be.  However, I did experience weight gain.  This is evidence by the change of my medication to a different blood pressure medicine and losing 10 pounds in less than 3 weeks.  I have not changed my diet in anyway since switching.
I 'm giving it an 8 now because I 've been only on it for less than a week but so far it 's awesome. I 've had this problem of excessive sweating for less than 2 years, it seemed to accelerate when I hit 40.  Plus I have a pretty stressful job and I have to give a lot of presentations.  I would only wear black on those days but I love bright colors so on the rare days I did wear red or yellow I would always get a lot of compliments.  Little did people know, I would be stuffing toilet paper or paper towels under my arms!  I told my dermatologist and he prescribed Drysol.  So far it 's working wonders.  I visited Georgia for a few days and it was hot and humid but I wasn 't sweating! 
I 've been on this medication for a little over two months. These past two months have been a roller coaster with my skin. The first week, my skin cleared up. By the second week, everything got worse. There have been times where my skin was very tender and any face wash or lotion I used made my skin burn. It really sucks but it 's been working for me. I 've read other reviews and people said it 's going to get worse before it gets better. I had horrible acne for a few weeks. I use it now day and night religiously. I only put it on the affected areas. This past week I haven 't had one breakout. My advice is stick with it for at least a few months.
At age 9 I was put on a low dose ( 2 MG if i remember correctly ) and continued to take take until i was 16 1/2 (almost 17) having had most of my problems figured out and looking at trying to live without it. over those years I went from 2 MG a day to 5 MG a day, and then at its worst 7 MG a day. almost 19 now (and after having to get medical help for not being able to hit puberty (unrelated, we checked)) I am looking at taking it again to help with the stress of the work environment. (as a side note; I have a weird middle ground of Asperger 's and High functioning autisim)
Reduced my blood pressure significantly. Side effects, dry cough and itching but no rash.
36 y/o male and just had my first colonoscopy yesterday. Golytely sent me to the ER in June with serious dehydration so this time SuPrep was my doctor 's choice. I recommend light meals (low fiber) 3 days before procedure; hydrate WELL on day of prep (I had close to 256 fl.oz. of Gatorade, water, coconut water, apple juice, etc.) before first dose (515pm). Action began 20-25 min later; the cleansing was fast! No butt irritation/pain at all (impressive) and no bloating/cramping. Action stopped about 3 hours later, then felt really sick and vomited violently but felt MUCH better. Called my Dr, who told me to lie down, drink some fluids and rest. Had to skip the second dose, slept well and had a successful procedure. Hydrate well and good luck!
With my Fibromyalgia, I can finally get a nights sleep.
After a couple of days using Protonix, I felt relief in my stomach of the full feeling I would get whenever I ate.  I used to feel very bloated and uncomfortable after I ate a meal, I wasn 't overeating either.  I had to watch what I ate too, such as spices, onions, etc. Most of those symptoms have gone away.
I have IBS - and I 've been taking Librax for about 1.5 months now. I do see a difference. Pain in my stomach and abdomen are gone.
Ectopic pregnancy, 11 weeks. Was not warned about the side effects other than I would have cramping and pain. Day 1 after methorexate not too bad, definitely nauseous &amp; lower back cramping, then toward the end of day 2 and day 3 &amp; 4 I felt like I had been hit by a truck. Terrible nausea, felt like my body was made of lead, no strength, no energy, strong labor like pain &amp; all over malaise.
I am new to Nuvaring, just been using it for a month and have had a few side effects which are cramps, spotting, and the worst was a yeast infection, but I actually like it! My body is still getting used to it so I understand and hopefully it will work for me. I had a funny experience when I was taking it out on the third week, my fingers are pretty small and couldn 't reach it, but after a few times of trying I did it.
I have been on the Depo for 13 yrs and it has been great no periods not even spotting but I did however gain a lot of weight and I have experienced headaches but I just stopped because I have been on it to long, it will cause bone loss I probably experienced a lot of the side effects but nothing worse then bleeding and cramping for months at a time I would have definitely go back to it if I could.
Been on this medicine since I was 11. Been upping the dosage up to 60mg from 15, now 17 years old still taking. Incredibly good at keeping my attention and solving ADHD. Used to be a troublemaker, now in college preparing for university, but has minor side effects for example I feel down and depressed randomly.  I also feel drowsy for a little while.
This morning I read reviews about Liletta in a last minute approach to prepare myself for it getting placed today. It was inserted about 2 hours ago and thus far the worst part was the 45 minute wait before I was seen. The procedure itself was very quick and only mildly uncomfortable, it took about 5 minutes total. I 'm on the last days of my first period since giving birth to my son 7 weeks ago. I 'm not positive if either of those things are factors in the ease of the procedure for me, but it was basically a breeze. I 've had some light cramping and back pain, but I 'd much rather have that once than to take a pill every day.
I have been taking Cymbalta for 6 weeks, my husband said he had noticed a change in me for the better. My appetite has decreased but I am sleepy. I can barely hold my eyes open mid afternoon. I am hoping this will subside because I feel calmer and more at ease. Also, I am breastfeeding my 7 month old baby. I was told by my doctor it is safe. I have not noticed any changes in my baby. If I did I would stop right away. 
I 've been on this for about 1 month and I 've seen amazing results. I 've tried everything under the sun, and not having health insurance it can make it tough to get something that works and that is cheap. For the past 4 years I 've had insane acne, like I was just going through puberty! Happy that I 've found something that works! I 'm just annoyed I have to take pills everyday because of my face.
It slows the cough down, but doesn 't cut it out completely. I was given this medicine for the Flu, and it did help with my body aches. Doesn 't make me go to sleep like I had hoped.
I have recently started on Lamictal. I must say that I felt positive affects within 2 weeks. I am on a cocktail of medications to manage bipolar. Effexor Ce 150, Seroquel xr 200, Seroquel ir 25, Dothep 25 and now Lamictal 50. I haven 't felt this stable for years. My psychiatrist would like to leave my medications as is for 12 months to give me some peace from the mood swings. Her goal then is to reduce the Effexor and seroquel. I can 't wait for that day. But for now I am enjoying the stability.
I started taking gabapentin in treatment as a mood stabilizer. It was extremely effective at first! However, after about a year, it started making me feel dizzy, disoriented and lightheaded at only 600 mg, so I started to use it for sleep. Now, I take 300 mg paired with my Adderall XR twice a day, and 600 mg at night.
I loved the results! It is so easy to put on my buttcheek (alternating each week) and forget about for a week. I love how hassle free it is, my insurance even covers it 100% so I don 't have a co-pay. I haven 't had any issues with it coming loose, but that is one of my few complaints. When I pulled it off the first it felt like a waxing strip, but that 's a price to pay for how convenient it is, now I use a little lotion to get it off. I am accustomed to having a few breakouts here and there, however I 've been getting huge cystic pimples. They have cleared up and I haven 't had any for the last week though. My breasts have gone from D to pushing a DD &amp; extremely tender. I am somewhat moody as well.
I haven 't been taking Zoloft for even a week yet but the experiences I 've read on here give me hope. At 31 years old, I 've never really had a problem with depression or anxiety bit one day it all hit me like a ton of bricks. I felt like my life was falling apart, even worse, like my relationship was falling apart. I still get horrible feelings of anxiety (most of the day, honestly) but I 'm really hoping Zoloft will work for me. The only reason for the 8 rating (for now) is because of the initial side effects.
I 've been on Victoza for 2 months.  After 2 weeks on 0.06 I lost 7 lbs. My a1c before Victoza was good, just very slightly above normal (pre-diabetic range).  I had been controlling my type 2 with low carb diet and 500mg metformin twice daily.  But morning blood sugars were always 90 's to low 100 's, until Victoza. Then morning tests came back in the 80 's.. woo hooo!  After another 2 weeks the effects of the lowest dose seem to wear off and my appetite came back and my fasting sugar went up a little bit, so I thought it 's time to up my dose.  I did and my appetite went away but I felt so tired and drained.  Also, I experience tingling in my left foot, kind of like it 's asleep but lighter.  So I stopped taking it completely.
My doctor put me on this for agoraphobia.  Due to high levels of stress associated with having 3 teenagers in the house, as well as one of them with behavioral problems and another with medical problems, my dose has to be upped.  It seems to have NO effect whatsoever once the anxiety hits high levels (and then take it).  If I take my dose of 15mg about 20 minutes BEFORE I know something will happen (such as leaving the house) my anxiety is much lower.
This has worked great for me. Manages my pain well and my only side effect is feeling sleepy towards evening. I 've taken it for over four years and am now reducing daily dosage with pain still managed well.
I had Bells Palsy last year, it cleared up however, it left me with severe headaches. Lortab appears to be the only drug to give me relief. I was very hesitant about taking this drug at first, due to the addiction aspect and side effects. I have not experienced any side effects. I take it only when needed.
I 've been on Abilify for nearly 2 years.  The first month or so was rough (tired early at night or after a cocktail, restless sleep, waking up early, dizziness, foggy head), but after my Dr. reduced my dose to 2.5 mg/day, side effects improved.  The ones that remain are profuse night sweats (SOAKED sheets) and constipation.  It does make you a bit tired, but I take it before bed.  It completely helped with my irritation/agitation towards people and my children.  I have a ton more patience and less anxiety overall.  The biggest issue I have is the cost. Get the Abilify Savings card if you are starting a new prescription!
I was so very scared of this prep. I was supposed to do my colonoscopy months ago but was first prescribed a gallon jug of crap you mix with lemonade. That suff was so bad I couldn 't swallow a sip! Tasted like salty lemonade,very gross. My Dr then sent me to a private Drs office. The office gave me a sample (was enough meds for the prep) of Preponik,cranberry flavor. I had anxiety over taking this med. I took first dose in one gulp,it wasn 't good but was not horrible! I freaked myself out for nothing. It cleared me out and didn 't give bad side effects. Don 't be afraid of this,it 's the easiest option I 've been given and it worked!!
It 's birth control and I feel with every birth control I have had, I have similar side effects - low sex drive, about 10 pounds weight gain that WILL NOT go away (workout 6 days a week &amp; eat paleo).  But, it works in controlling my endometriosis pain and my periods only last about 4-5 days.  If you start spotting, stop taking the pill and have a period! That 's how you get it to stop.  I have been taking this for 10 years and I take it at the same time and still have spotting, but that 's just when happens when you try to tell your body to stop a natural process. If you have endometriosis, I recommend this pill OTHERWISE get a regular, 1 month pill which will give you less side effects while still working at a method of contraceptive.
I want to write this for every anxious person who was, just like me, scared to death of taking this antibiotic. After reading about possible death and what not, I was shaking all day prior to taking this medicine. Firstly, NOTHING will happen to you if you take this medicine. You will not get dizzy or feel drugged, or have palpitations or anxiety - I am one of the most anxious people, and this did not happen to me. Why? I ate first. The most important thing before taking this medicine is to eat because it is strong for your stomach. Eat like a pig and then take it with lots of water. You will be fine. The only thing you might get is stomach pain and diarrhea- when you do, eat pieces of bread and it will pass (within half an hour max).
It made me very sleepy and dizzy. I also got chest pains and it made my heart race. My urine was also a very bright, almost neon yellow color. I stopped taking it after it 2 days and then I was fine. And I always took it after I ate. The one time I took it on an empty stomach, I vomited and was nauseous for a few hours.
Effective 12 hour pain medicine but caused significant long term gastro-intestinal disruption.
I smoked for 37 years and quit with Chantix. I stopped after 3 weeks continued medication for about 6 weeks. Side effects was some nausea lasting for about 30 minuets after taking. Did have headaches some. Had Great dreams. I felt like I would never be able to quit but 2 months before I started I seen 2 of my coworkers quit and they smoked like 2 packs a day and I smoked less than a pack. I started Chantix with a positive attitude that this was going to work for me and could not be happier with the results. I am now 6 months smoke free even had almost a full pack in my purse for about a month then threw them in the back seat of my car one day because they were in my way. I am confident that I will remain smoke free and with more money.
I have been using it for more than 10 years now. Began with 1mg and now on 12mg.  They are still working.
Gained 30 pounds while on prednisone.  It was my 5th medicine to try. I was skeptical but it actually worked. Pristiq made me so sleepy and in a constant state of lala land. Gained 30 pounds while on prednisone and Started pristiq at the same time. I have gone a year and a half and still haven 't lost the weight. It 's different for everyone, and weight gain isn 't normal, apparently. I tapered off the 100mg almost a month ago and now I have so much energy! On the meds I was still depressed but was ok with it. off the meds, I 'm attacking the issues head on and trying to make up for the last 1.5 year stupor. I 'd just had enough of missing out on life. Good meds if you want to sleep thru life and just not have to think about issues anymore.
Worked very well during pregnancy. Helped me get through the day.
My experience was wonderful I 'm so overjoyed with my results . I 've lost so much weight I feel so much better , I started Saxenda March 18, 2016 I 've lost 68 pounds  as of August 17, 2016 . My appetite has decreased but I eat healthy , I exercise and try to be active . I have not felt this good in years.
I used the 3 day cream. No burning or itching. I did develop a mild stomach cramp but that lasted a day and a half
I love this little guy! I can 't take estrogen so my doctor recommended this to me. While the birth control pill is incredible, this rod really shines because of how it stops PMS and almost annihilates my periods! I have experienced no weight gain, irregular bleeding, or acne while on this. The fact that it has a 0.05% failure rate really helps me sleep at night. I had very little bruising after getting it inserted but there was a some pain for about 5 days afterwards. This wasn 't a problem because the implant is inserted on the non-dominant arm. It is totally invisible besides the tiny dot on my upper arm that nobody has noticed. Playing with the implant is also something fun to do in a boring class!
Cured my panic disorder, which was huge. Also levelled me off emotionally. But...sexual disfunction is definitely an issue. I also seem to have a lack of empathy for others that I don 't like. Overall, though, I 've been helped by this med.
I was prescribed 4 tables 500mg. I took them back to back since taking it as a single dose was too much for me. Not even a couple hours later, I felt a really bad stomach pain. I ran to the rr thinking I just needed to use it, but I did vomit. TWICE. it was a horrible feeling/experience. But if the antibiotic helps then its worth it.
At first I slept for about a week and every time I would increase the dosage same effect. I 've been taking it for over four years and the side effects are less severe than some other medicines it does not rid the pain but makes it manageable.
I have been in back pain since 2001 after a truck accident. I have been on many different pain medicines. I just recently got on Opana ER 20mg every 12 hours. My pain level has gone down. I also have had a nerve block that didn 't help very much at all. My L1-L2-L3-L4-L5 and S1 are buldging and spine is deteriorating. I also have to take Percocet 5/325 twice a day. Not totally pain free yet but better.
I 've only been taking citalopram for a few weeks now. My Doctor prescribed it because it comes in a generic form. I was taking Lexapro and it worked well. Unfortunately, my insurance only covered a small portion of the cost and Lexapro doesn 't come in a generic form.Celexa seems to work fine so far. No significant difference from the Lexapro except it seems a bit more difficult falling asleep.
Great for day to day pain, but lacking if you do lots of heavy lifting in a day.
I am on 50 mg at night for pain and sleep. I sleep so well that I am sleeping 16-18 hours. I sleep all night then pretty much all the next day. I can 't seem to stay awake!!!
I took Soma for muscle spasms, pain, and stiffness due to fibromyalgia and previous injury for over 3 years. My doctor recently switched me to another muscle relaxer, and my sleep has suffered horribly. At 21 years of age I am already very affected by my condition on a daily basis. I can 't depend on my body at all, and because of that I myself am very unreliable. I can 't sit for long, I can 't stand for long. Soma made me extremely sick to my stomach, but when I needed relief Soma took the burning away and was more than worth it. Also made me feel light-headed and made me zone out quite a bit. I couldn 't take it before school or anything that required me to be even half alert. Overall great medication for relief of severe muscle pain.
Helped my anxiety. Was already taking Lexapro added 0.5 mg of Klonopin no more anxiety attacks.
I was prescribed Gabapentin 300MG two to three times daily in conjunction with Percocet for pain related to Trigeminal Neuralgia. Taken together the pain was reduced by two thirds and became more of a dull pain as compared with the constant, sharp, burning red hot poker pain I had been experiencing. I noticed no ill effects from this combination. I was able to function, multitask, strategize and work as a purchaser without problem. I felt a little more carefree than is usual but this did not seem to transfer over into any decision making. The only drawback was that together this combination was only effective for four hours at a time.
I started taking Tegretol 500mg every night after dinner. Initial ten days were extremely tough....very sleepy and was sleeping over 12 hours a day. Slowly there was some improvement but still very lethargic, struggling to concentrate, do day to day activities. Going back to doc. for a reassessment. The pain is down almost 70% and has given me some relief and relaxed me a bit.
Was very beneficial when taken with a muscle relaxer for extreme pain in neck and arm. I was also taking Naproxen.
Drug worked like a miracle on anxiety and depression - BUT, it made my ears ring and caused hearing loss. NOW more depressed than ever. 75 mg for 6 days and ear went numb. Nightmare scenario and I 'm living it.
I love this birth control. After reading all of the reviews, I was really scared to go on it, but ever since, I have nothing but good things to say. No weight gain, haven 't gotten pregnant, plus my sex drive is through the roof now. The only downside is that I 'm way more emotional than I usually am; like crying a lot and getting mad more often at little things. But I 've been told that that will improve as time goes on. Plus I get this birth control for free. I would definitely recommend this to people!
So, I wanted to review this drug because I 've been on five antibiotic treatments within the last month and a half for the craziest UTI I 've ever experienced in my life. Landed in the ER for fevers and pain and worst was the mental confusion.... Anyways, during  this time I 've been on IV antibiotics, Z pak as well as  Keflex, which gave me horrible anxiety and extreme photo sensitivity. When I tried levaquin, it sent me to the ER. Then finally bactrim DS was prescribed. After taking it the first night I did have some trouble sleeping but after two doses of the medication I did adjust. I have been taking probiotics with these meds. It 's helped overall. Side effects I noted vivid dreams, fatigue, and constipation were the main three.
Had bleeding, diarrhea, frequent trips to the bathroom...Started to notice a difference within a day and a half of taking this. Not as many bathroom trips...actually starting to feel normal again.
I am on my second pack, (a week and a day has past) and I haven 't had my period yet. I took a pregnancy test, it was negative, but I still am concerned about no period. 
This medicine has been a blessing for me after trying chiropractor. Physical therapy, injections, etc. I suffer from fibromyalgia, scoliosis, bulging neck disc. I sometimes get tired but after 61 years of being very active and hard work (I mean hard) naps are expected. Sometimes all of us need to slow down.
This is hands down the best cough medicine I 've ever taken.  I had a cough so severe that I wet myself or threw up during uncontrollable coughing fits.  Needless to say, I couldn 't sleep at night for more than the few hours when I just passed out from total exhaustion.  My first dose of Tussionex didn 't totally get rid of the cough, but it did cut it by about 50%. The second dose helped more. My third dose was last night, and it made it possible for me to get a good night 's sleep for the first time in two weeks. I did wake up once with a bad headache, but I can 't tell if it 's a side effect of the medicine or just part of being sick. Anyway, I 'll trade a headache for vomiting from coughing fits any day.
I suffer from recurring urinary tract infections and Macrobid has always worked fast and really well. I 've noticed after prolonged use though my body has developed a bit of an immunity to it and doesn 't work as fast anymore. Also it now gives me yeast infections so I have to try something else.
I had the Mirena inserted yesterday. I am 35 and have a 18 year old son. Insertion was painful (for those mothers out there, it felt like a contraction) but only lasted a couple of minutes. I took 800 mg of Ibuprofen an hour before my appointment. I returned to work after. Had some uncomfortable cramps and used a heating pad at bed time. I was on my 4th day of my period and almost finished at the time of insertion. I had some bright colored additional bleeding. Today is day 2. Not only has the spotting stopped but my period is over. I have had some minimal cramping in my lower back today but, not enough to amount to anything. Haven 't taken any ibuprofen. I feel pretty good. I am going to give it another few days before trying to have sex. So far, so good!
I lost five pounds in three weeks. I took the pill five days a week and took a break over the weekend. I definitely ate more when I did not take the pill. Overall, I have been eating healthy prior to taking the pill, but this has definitely helped me to avoid rush eating of sweets and other unhealthy things at times when I would be very hungry or stressed. The pill alone is not enough. Exercising on a regular basis makes a big difference. I 'm looking to lose five more pounds by the end of this month.
Cured my panic disorder, which was huge. Also levelled me off emotionally. But...sexual disfunction is definitely an issue. I also seem to have a lack of empathy for others that I don 't like. Overall, though, I 've been helped by this med.
excellent for alcohol withdrawals and also for abstaining from alcohol as far as I 'm concerned though it does not help me sleep better... maybe I 'm just too hyper active
46 year old male.  Not to be overly dramatic, but I was ready to commit suicide my skin was so bad.  My hands looked like I was a fire victim.  My elbows and legs burned and bled constantly.  My scalp would flake and drop into my eyes and all over my clothes.  I was in constant pain, and my relationships were non existent.  Flaky skin would drift off of me whatever I did.  I was weeks away from having to leave work and go on disability, which would have been the end of the line for me.  Depression set in so badly I just wanted to end it all.  Then I found a new dermatologist.  Everything changed.  My first shot of Stelara made a difference.  Nine months later, 90% clear.  A few trouble spots, but my hands are CLEAR!  What a life changer!
This is a great cough medicine but gave me itchy tingling skin.
I have used this for 2 months and it changed my life, after 3 years of pain and seeing doctor after doctor for what I thought was gallbladder pain but the last 2 days I 've not been feeling good, same old symptoms are back (not sure if it 's something I ate or what ) heading back to doctor in 2 days..Overall this medicine has helped me tremendously for the past 2 months !!!!
Was diagnosed in Aug 2014 with stage 4. Had radiation and then Anastrzole Jan 2015. Nausea for 2 weeks, joint pains still, warm showers work with alleve for me night before and one during day.  Also I realized that a cane made quite a difference in hip/recovering neck surgery. I don 't use it as much around house but on concrete (parking lots) areas is a must. I think the pressure was too much without it at first and delayed the healing as I am much stronger now. ***The weight gain is terrible/ 3 lbs a month and insomnia.*** Weeks watching food  (that 's why a 7 rating) intake/limiting no difference at all and lots of water and walking. Still feel much stronger though and breast tumors have not increased. May 16 2017 also xgeva once a month injection
Was prescribed following surgical tooth extraction. Worked good, let me finally get some rest, albeit after getting sick for the first dose. I get sick on the first dose of most pain meds tho, pretty sure it 's common.
I have been on this pill for about a month now. I have one more pill to take before I start my second month. I have increased breast tenderness and have LOST weight. I do however have a bigger appetite and my sex drive has increased a whole since coming off the Mirena. I did not have a period but not sure if I ever will since I haven 't had a period since Dec of 2008. So far I like the pill but reading reviews I 'm seeing that most REAL side effects don 't come until after the second month.
This works great for my migraines.  Much better than Imitrex, Zomig nasal spray or Fioricet.  Every once in a while, it will fail to knock out a migraine, but on the whole, it 's a lot more effective than Zomig. It can make you jumpy, but faced with being jumpy or in horrifying pain, I 'll take jumpy any day.If you used Midrin and it worked for you, it 's worth giving it a try.
I was not this drug for a little over 6 months and boy did it work wonders. I had always had bad acne and nothing had seemed to work before. Topical creams, birth control, other prescription pills. I had severely dry lips and skin, it sucked but it was tolerable. The worse side effect I had from this drug were mood changes. My doctor decided to try to increase my dose and boy that was a mistake. I became depressed, suffered mood swings and had some horrible almost suicidal thoughts. If you have any mental illness I would not recommend this drug. I had to undergo monthly blood and pregnancy tests as well. I am very happy with the results but those were the worst 6 months of my life.
I know it 's a bit early but thought I could always update as I continue on my Victoza journey. I started with the 0.6 dose on Dec 28, 2015. My blood sugars were continually averaging between 8.0 to 15.1. I noticed straight away my blood sugars were down in the 8 's and 7 's after meals and in the morning. After reading a lot of reviews on different sites I was terrified to take this. Side effects so far: mild nausea, not all the time, just here and there, a bit itchy at the injection sites, a bit bloated and mild constipation. You have to be careful not to overeat because you do feel full quick. Blood sugar in the morning 6.7, five pounds lost. will update.
Very tired, a problem with my kidneys but my blood work is excellent. Thank God for this miracle.
I have had the Mirena for about two weeks. Previously I would get cramps so bad from my period I would be bed ridden. I talk to my GYN and she suggested this. I can say that I still have cramping but it is not NEAR as bad as what it was. and I am still spotting. The spotting is so irregular that having sex is kinda off the table right now. although my sex drive is Crazy.  I am 19 years old, and its not to bad so far, but I am hoping it will get better, and that I can keep my normal weight.
It works fast! For me, it does not last long. For awful lower back pain tramadol actually works better. However, if I need extra relief while on tramadol, Oxy really can help... but not for long.
Iv 'e had Skyla for 2 years. I got it put in after the pill failed and my second baby was born. Insertion was a little painful but tolerable. I cramped and spotted after which is normal. My periods were irregular at first but my body adjusted and became regular periods. I get extra sensitive I guess during obvulation and periods as to the cramping and head and backaches. Sensitive breasts. After a year when it was nice and convenient as my periods got lighter. My cervical fluid has thickened for sure and after 2 years of insertion I 've noticed shorter lighter periods. But my main side effects are vaginal dryness, more headaches and more painful breast and cramps. But no pregnancies for 2 years so it works!
This medication was prescribed to me for appetite suppression. I have been on it for 6 days now and have had no real side effects. I feel I may have had some depression issues I was not completely aware of, as I feel a bit more positive and in better spirits.  I think it 's too soon to tell overall how well this medication works.  As of now, I have not experienced appetite suppression.
I have had nexplanon for 5 months and I have mixed feelings about it. When it first got inserted I have a period for about 2 weeks and then didn 't have one for about 3 months (woohoo!) But now I have had spotting for about 3 weeks and it is just annoying. I haven 't experienced any other side effects which is why I give it an 8. I just want the spotting to stop! A friend told me she had experienced the same thing but her spotting only lasted two weeks - hoping it stops soon.
I loved this method of birth control bc for one NO BABIES and this is my third year now it 's due to come out in October and also no periods however I was a light bleeder and my breast got huge started out a B now a dd and weight gain I thought the weight gain was because I started drinking and partying and having sex more which could also have a factor to do with it but I have to work three times harder to loose weight which is a killer I 'm thinking about trying mirena again or paragard lower hormones or none and getting them to soften up my cervix and also I have become very moody but before reading that as a side effect I thought it was just me growing up got it when I was 19 now 22
I am 45 with bone on bone osteoarthritis. MD said I 'm too young for TKR. I had meniscal tear removed in July but still had extreme pain. After PT, MD recommended Euflexxa. Figured I 'd give it a try-can 't hurt. I finished my 3rd injection 4 weeks ago. Climbing stairs and walking is easier and less pain. There are days that the knee pain is worse but that is handled by a dose of ibuprofen. I am no longer taking the max. of anti-inflammatories on a daily basis. These shots have made daily activities less painful. Allow 6 weeks from first shot to feel benefits and communicate with your MD of any issues. So far I 'm hopeful.
So I 've been on depo provera for about a year and two months and there is positives to it but then there is  also the negatives. The first time I got the shot I bled for two months but it 's gotten lighter each shot and getting shorter for spotting and the periods, going from two months to 3 weeks. Everytime I get the shot my period disappears for a while and then spotting will happen, I 'm giving it a couple more times, and if the periods don 't die down then well I 'm stopping. Postives-Periods are getting shorter and I don 't really have to worry till it gets close to my shot.No weight gain actually, only a couple pounds.No cramps at allThe negatives-When the periods start, moodiness is horriblePeriod starting Spotting Tiny bit of bloating
I felt good on Invokanamet, my A1c was reduced and I lost weight.  My Dr. was pleased.  I would have been too if it weren 't for the horrible yeast infection that simply would not go away even with several different meds including difluican (sp?)  It was so painful and itchy that I could not concentrate on anything other than that.    I stopped taking it and went back to glipizide
Pain with the injection
I had used Maxalt when it was relatively new, and although it is quick to make short work on migraine it did cause me rebound headaches 80% of the time, which were never as bad but still no fun.
I just started Topirimate Wednesday before thanksgiving before I had a severe migraine I couldn 't get rid of &amp; my seizures were out of control! It 's only been a couple of days &amp; I feel a huge change. I get a tingle feeling in my hand and feet and I 've lost a bit of weight but I 'm not complaining lol I 22, 5 '8 start weight was 180 now I 'm 177.. My head feels so much better, a little cloudy and I 'm extremely tired but I think that 's normal
Ripped my gastro calf muscle playing tennis...Ouch..very painful and hard to sleep at night.  Vicodin helps for mostly on the outside of the injury but not too much within the deep damaged tissue for me.  I 'd say about 85 percent or so, just enough to ease off the majority of pain for comfort at bedtime.
Dilaudid has been beneficial to my daily activities. Without Dilaudid I literally cannot move. The chronic pain from fibromyalgia is indescribable. And every case is different, but it helps me.The only side effect that I must pay close attention to is headaches.... if I already have a headache, I don 't take Dilaudid. It will make it worse. Once in a while, Dilaudid will cause a headache.
I 'm on my 3rd month and I do believe it 's helping but the pain is still there. I have noticed as the dosage has increased it takes longer to bounce back and I 'm unable to cut hair as that was my profession before diagnosis. I hope in time I will be able to get back to work but I am suffering several side effects. (hair falling out, unusually dry hair, quick to have to rest unlike before and several others) I was completely bed ridden before starting the medication so needless to say I don 't want to try anything else because I am scared to take the chance that it won 't work at all. I know I 'm just beginning and hope in time the side effects will fade.
I have severe cramping (can only compare to labor contractions) on the first day of my period. My legs hurt and the pain works its way up to my stomach- and leaves me in the fetal position while waiting for meds to kick in. My gyn did a laproscopy in 2010 and it helped until 4-5 months ago. I now have a new gyn and she wants me to try a hormonal therapy (birth control) to eliminate the cramping. I was not happy about taking birth control (had bad results when I took it in my 20 's). I am now on my second week of Lo Seasonique and have experienced headaches, lack of energy and no sex drive (which I was never really active anyway). I haven 't taken it long enough to see how my body will react to the pain- but I am crossing my fingers. I have not had any spotting.
It worked for awhile but didn 't kill the bronchitis because it came back - I also got a yeast infection right after taking it.
I went through a bad period of depression after a job loss, and I tried Lexapro first for treating it. The Lexapro made me extremely tired all the time so my doctor switched me to Zoloft. Zoloft ended up being much better for me. The main things it has helped me with are getting back to actively participating in life and being able to be more level-headed in stressful situations. The side effects I have had are reduced libido and slightly reduced appetite. Also, the first week or two after I started and after a dosage increase I had more significant side effects, like being more depressed and anxious than usual and being angry. But once I got through that I started feeling better than I had felt in a long time.
Significantly reduces my overactive bladder symptoms---very satisfied with it.  I find that the two main side effects can be neutralized with Alfuzosin (for reduced urine flow) and Metamucil wafers (for constipation).  Dry mouth occasionally occurs but is no big problem for me and can be treated by--you guessed it---sips of water.  The only issue is the expense--I 'm on a Medicare Advantage program and this one drug pushes me into the &quot;doughnut hole&quot; of increased co-pays during the last 3 months of the year.  But what can I say?---you pay for your thrills!  Does anyone know when this drug will go generic?
I 've recently started it to lower excessive blood pressure. It does that. I feel more comfortable and relaxed too. However, it does bring on light headaches sometimes.
I have spent a lot of time and so many trial an errors with birth controls. I swear I tried them all! A girl I worked with went on the Implanon and told me how much she hated it and everything negative. I did a lot of research and thought I would give it a try. Everyone 's experience is different so you cannot base yours on someones experience! I got the Implanon in September and its November now. I for the first time in my LIFE can say I have light periods, minimum to no cramping, zero mood swings and my sex drive is normal! Everything I haven 't been able to say since I was 16yrs old. I 'm truly glad I did it! On small negative though I have been spotting for about 3 1/2 weeks now. Its nothing major at all, barely anything but enough to notice. I 'm definitely ready for this to end.
I had Implanon inserted in January 08. I get my half-period roughly every 9 weeks. Of course there 's spotting. Half period is when you don 't use a tampon, just a mini pad. I haven 't used a tampon in at least 11 months. There 's no need too.
I have been taking Viibryd for almost a month now.  I feel less lethargic before it was like I had a cloak of darkness  on.  I would literally wake up tired as I did when I went to bed.  I have slowly began to feel better and have more energy.  But the side effects are varied.  I have at least one brain zap per day and very vivid dreams but usually I forget them after I wake up.  I have also had a few bad headaches.  I believe this medicine is helping me but I am hoping the side effects decrease after awhile.  I am giving myself three months to see how my body reacts.  I will follow up my review then.
I went from ibs to ibs c and suffered severe constipation for three months. To the point of when I went it caused hemmoroid and a tear. I went to my gastrointestinal md who insured me it was not cancer or anything from the results of my colonoscopy eight months earlier.  He gave me amitiza one or two pills a day depending on the consistency.  It works well and I go more regular but every two weeks I get stomach spasms and an increased urge to go that almost cripples me.  Swelling occurs gets hard to breathe have passed out from the pain.  I use a cream prescribed to help heal the stretching and swelling.  Bm is usually thin and flat but feels like a huge boulder.   Any suggestions or thoughts?  Should I discontinue the medicine ?
Seems to take the edge off the chronic back pain caused by compressed disc. I 've been taking this medicine for well over a year. No side effects or ability to function.
I use this medicine for weather allergies and allergies to medications when I need it. It does help greatly but does not last long and my burning sensation comes back into my body and the hives start to show. However a lot of people say that this medicine makes them feel sedated. I have the complete opposite I take 1 before bed and I will not sleep.
Being a woman is hard man. But I would have not gotten through the intense burning and itching if it wasn 't for everyone 's comments. Y 'all really helping me get through this. I 'm on day 1 of the 7 day process and yes it 's really intense and painful but it 's goes away in about 30-45 minutes
I was diagnosed in May 2014 and started taking Sprycel within the week. After 6 months I was at .01% of the BCR-ABL abnormality.  Great results, right?  But I felt awful.  After dealing with minor side effects of acne, sore breasts, weight gain and a low mood, the severe fatigue and chest pain were enough to stop.  I 'm now on Gleevec and starting to experience extreme thirst and weight gain.  Very grateful there are medications that treat CML but frustrated with the inevitable side effects.
I suffer from chronic lower back pain in the Lumbar, right above my cocix. I have been going through lower back pain for some years. I have severely ruptured my lower discs when I used to be a furniture delivery driver. I would move couches, lazy boys, 500lb dining tables, bedroom sets and more for 10-12 hours a day, 6 days a week,I have tried medications such as Methadone, Morphine, and Vicodin. Some of them work, my thing is I do not like take narcotics but this patch is amazing. I put one on, in about 1 hours time I feel such a major relief. It takes a while to kick in but it works great. It takes my pain level from a 10.5 to a 5. Only downfall(s) adhesive is not that great and they are very expensive.
The skyla is my second form of IUD, I had the copper one expel before. It hurt significantly more the second time, causing me to scream during the couple of seconds during the actual insert, and being unable to be coherent, walk, or move much at all after. Comparing to when I broke my foot as a child, I would say the IUD insertion and the half hour after were worse. I would say it 's still worth it to not have to fight with the pharmacies and my insurance every month for the pill, and then forget to take it anyway. I would advice trying to be as relaxed as you possibly can during the insertion, and make sure you have a good breakfast beforehand, and not forget to eat at all before like I did, because that just makes relaxing all the harder.
Never had any adverse reactions to this drug when used nasally.
I 'm 21 years old, and have been on the patch for 2 years now, in the beginning, I wasn 't nauseous or anything, but in last couple of months, nausea and headache have gotten really bad. I 'm still going to be on it for two more weeks until I get an IUD, cannot wait! Other than that, its pretty good, no pregnancy, no dryness, no mood swings.
My first month on it has been pretty good. I lost 6 pounds in a week which is kind of a down side for myself because I like my curves.
After yrs on with a number of meds all these arguments in my head are starting to quite down some and starting to make sense 50 pounds later and completely isolated from the world feeling like I can make a reality check and at least have hope of a better and brighter day just checked out after an episode and hope they got it right finally. Started @40 and just ate and took my first 60... Feeling positive at least with sample packs
I had what I thought was a yeast infection since I 've had several over the years. Went through two rounds of Monistat which eased up the pain but it came right back. Went to the doctor yesterday, and he said that he thinks I have Candidiasis of Vulva and Vagina. He prescribed two 150 mg Fluconazole, one for yesterday and the second pill in a week. I woke up this morning with horrible diarrhea. The vaginal burning is about 85% better though. If it gets rid of the Candidiasis, I can handle the side affect.
I have been on zyprexa for 5 days so far. I have been taking 2.5mg and I think I need to up the dose now to 5mg as it feels like it is wearing off. this medication is doing wonders for me, it is great! I can finally have 8 hours of un-disturbed sleep. Prior to commencing this medication, I was suffering from severe symptoms of mania such as insomnia, loss of appetite, high energy levels, psychotic symptoms (hearing voices, derealisation, making weird connections &amp; magical experiences), making new plans, reckless spending &amp; driving, new ideas, taking on too many tasks, agitation. the medication has calmed all of these symptoms. zyprexa is a god send for me. only side effect I have is low blood pressure from it.
This is my 2nd time using Cleocin HCl, this time for a dental abscess (300mg every 6 hrs).Today is day 3 of a 7-day course, set by the ER Dr. The swelling of my gumline, lip, and cheek has all but disappeared (just a tiny bump on the gumline left). The pain too is almost nonexistent, unless of course I bite down hard on the tooth that needs extraction. Side effects are slight nausea and heartburn if taken without 8oz of water or lying down soon after taking a dose.
I 'd been on Victoza 1 or 2yrs back, but w/no results. This time around, I 'm on Victoza &amp; Invokana, and I 've lost about 8lbs since starting them 5 days ago. Except for a slight desire to eat in the AM, I 've lost almost all appetite. I 'm nauseous almost all the time, tho ', and had to actually vomit on the 3rd day. But, because I used Victoza in the prescribed way the 1st time around, my doc suggested to start at 1.8, which may be why I 'm so nauseous. I 've to drink lots of water because of the Invokana, but after drinking I feel like vomiting... I just realized that the nausea from drinking water has subsided since the 1st few days, so I guess the general nausea is lessening, too? Hard to tell, especially w/no appetite.
After many years of joint pain, finally found a physician who looked at x-rays, labs, family history, my entire medical history and determined that I indeed had Rheumatiod Arthritis. I have noticed a significant change after being put on Methotrexate, Prednisone, Folic Acid, and Tramadol. However, now that winter is here, joints are worse and I am now on the highest dose of Methotrexate (20mg) a week but I 'm able to get out and do more with less pain than before.
I 've only been on Celexa for 5 days. I understand that this will not be an entirely accurate review of the medicine, because it takes about 4 weeks to get the full effect, but my experience is worth sharing for those just starting.Reason for being prescribed:-anxiety associated with emotional stress-depression (seasonal)-inability to sleep due to anxiety-panic attacks (only about 5 in a 2 month period)Days 1-2: 10 mg - felt awful. I felt anxious, foggy-headed, weird...Day 3: I was quiet, but full of energy. Some trouble sleeping (woke up in the middle of the night)Day 4: Tired because I didn 't sleep well that night. Midday exhaustion. Somewhat antisocial. Still &quot;myself&quot; though.Day 5: General good mood, positive. Productive.  
I am about halfway through my first pill pack and I am having pretty good success so far. This is my first time taking birth control but so far there have been no side effects and no real changes. Reading the reviews here had me worried but so far for me everything seems to be fine. I guess I 'll have to report back in a few months.
At first I thought it was awful. I had a period for a month straight mood swings and a little weight gain but now that my body has got used to it, it is great. I have no periods at all. If you can tough it out for those first few months it 's great.
Great product but the side effects are awful! I 've been using Duac for a week now and literally all of my blackheads have disappeared it 's amazing! My spots have also shrank in size a lot and have almost healed and my scars are fading too. The only trouble I have had with Duac is that when I first put it on it dried my skin out a lot and made it extremely flaky and then when I continued to use it, applying it on most of the area of my face I woke up the next morning and both of my cheeks were burning, bright red and really itchy. I stopped using it for a couple of days until the redness had gone and then applied a smaller amount, but still the burning and itchy sensation has returned.
Very effective in stimulating a BM. However, this medicine can cause bad stomach cramps, bloating and nausea. I 'm used to this as I have had constipation my whole life so take laxatives a lot. However, I would only take this if more natural methods of relieving constipation aren 't working. Definitely do not take this medicine if you are out or working the next day! you won 't feel well.
Got cut off on last comment. Anyways the side effects sucked for me but it worked! Mind u I had sex  the night before ovulation day and the pill I had was expired and thank god my period came two days early. I wasn 't due for two weeks. Calm down ladies if ur freaking out like I did!
I 've had back pain from degenerative discs since 1998. After all the usual treatments such as chiro, physical therapy, injections, etc., I had a L4/L5 fusion on 02/09. It helped a little, but still had substantial back pain requiring Ultracet 3x per day and Lortabs when pain peaked. Have been on Lyrica 75mg 3x per day for past 11 days. Really reduced the pain the first few days, but pain came back a bit. Still, the Lyrica is helping and I 've not had to take the Lortabs since starting Lyrica. I 'm going to stick with Lyrica for a few more weeks before deciding to try more injections or other medicines.
This medication will definitely help you sleep.  I have used Triazolam off and on over the last 6 years.  Every time, I have had many occasions where some were missing.  I originally thought someone else was taking them from me.  After I read that sleepwalking, driving and other activities are side effects of Triazolam, I have realized that it is me.  I have been told that I get up in the night, yet I have no recollection of any of this.  I have had a rash and intense itching that appears to be caused by taking too much of the triazolam.  Over the last eight days, I have apparently taken additional pills during the night that total an excess of 8 pills.  This does not happen every night.  However, some nights I apparently take more than two
I 've have nexolanon in since the end of this February. I didn 't have my period the first two months, but since then have had light bleeding during the allotted time of my normal periods. Sometimes I 'll randomly spot here and there, which can get a little annoying. The only side effect that I 've really noticed is my mood swings. Other than that I love this product! I 'll be renewing it oncey three years is up. It really is hard to determine whether or not nexolanon is right for you. Everyone reacts different so my advice is to try it out, and if it doesn 't work for you then just get it removed. Good luck!
I have stress for 5 years since I had car accident. Every day I feel very uncomfortable and wish I could have a normal life. I went to this page and decided to take this drug. I got my life back.
I took Norvasc for approximately 7 years. It works fine lowering my blood pressure however it began to swell my gums and I was taken off it.
I 've had this birth control in for almost 6 months now and its been a living hell. My doctor is telling me to wait this out to see if it settles but when I got it inserted, all I have done is bleed nonstop. No end. All I see is clots. I 've also been more stressed and depressed, its bothered my boyfriend too.  I 've also gained 10lbs. (I was 89, now I 'm 97-99) I definitely know why this is &quot;birth control&quot; its makes me bleed , no man wants to go near that.
I was prescribed 250 mg, but to take three times a day (every 8 hours).  I don 't think that 's really too high.  Perhaps it 's because I was on such high doses of other things in my past--who knows.  So, to me, my body is used to truly high doses of such medicines.  Either way, 250mg of Depakote DR is the lowest you can be given, and that will only carry you through part of the day.  This is why the doctor has to make you take it three times a day.I haven 't had practically any side effects, except for a little &quot;wet noodly&quot; feeling, but none of the side effects (yet) that are listed.  Guess it 's different for everyone.
I 've been on 0.6mg Victoza for 2 weeks, then 1.2 for two weeks. Down about 10lbs. Doctor said to up to 1.8 in another two weeks. He said it shouldn 't help me lose all the weight I need to so he wants to put me on Qsymia. I 'm not sure I want to lose more than 10lbs a month. Noticed diarrhea on first day or two, then again first day or two at 1.2. Appetite suppressant. Less craving for sugar and carbs. Overall a good medicine. Supposed to help prevent diabetes as well. Blood sugar tested at 85 today. Before Victoza I was averaging 99-105.
I am in love with this because just had spotting my first month and didn 't get my period but other than that I 'm in love.
I 've been on Yasmin for about a month and a half now. I didn 't experience any side effects for the first two weeks of taking it, and then gradually I started feeling more moody, irritable and depressed. My sex drive also went away around the time it would normally be in overdrive. I haven 't gotten any acne from this pill, nor weight gain. I did notice that I wasn 't nearly as crazy just before my period like normal, so it has helped with actual PMDD so far. I 'm now halfway through my second month on it, and it actually seems better so far. My sex drive has improved and I haven 't been moody or depressed. Still no acne or weight gain. I think this pill just takes time to adjust to your body  for some people.
Hey everyone I 'm here with review, and I finally know this helped my irritable bowel syndrome. I 'm a healthy woman in her mid-40s, just slightly overweight, but not too much.
I have cysteine stones...huge &amp; chronic &amp; constant! Passed 9 small stones within 30 mins after taking. And with very little pain in the uretha but doesn 't help much with the ureter pain. I will use this again but not on a daily routine. Only when needed. Worry about side effects about a medicine meant for men.
First time using this prep and it does work much better than others. It is the most disgusting, fowl tasting thing I 've ever had. If I have to use it again I may try some of the tips I 've seen here like the lemons.  After getting 1st dose down it took about 45 mins to start.  The second dose was the hardest to get down.  I guess because I knew how bad it was going to be.  Almost didn 't keep it down.  Drinking this and the 32 oz of water in an hour makes you bloated for sure.  I did get a headache but that may have come from being dehydrated which I was by the time I got to my appointment.
Though I 've rated this medication an 8 (when I first started taking it I would have rated it at 12!). I must caution ANY who use it to use it STRICTLY as directed by your (presumably responsible/knowledgeable psych/med doc).
Lyrica is about as effective as opiates without the baggage that comes with the latter.  Lyrica has it 's own side effects for me while working up to 450 mg/day including a floaty spaced out sensation, INSANE appetite, and constipation - these side effects largely disappeared at the 2-week point. Pain relief was fairly quick, at about the third or fourth day.
This med is too expensive. It provides short term relief of burning and itching. Does not completely relieve symptoms. Compared with Naphcon A generic, it is less effective. Naphcon generic is only $10. Usually only need it in AM and lasts all day while Pataday lasts a couple hours.
Pantoprazole helped with the acid reflux. My problem started four years into taking it. For months I experienced flu like symptoms, such as muscle and joint aches, diarrhea, weakness and extreme fatigue. After MANY tests were done, I was told that I was vitamin D deficient. I know that any meds that control stomach acid also block the absorption of vitamins and things your body needs. I stopped taking Pantoprazole and was put on prescription vitamin D. After just one week, I felt like a new person. I cut out foods that bother my stomach and cut my portions in half. I may have to chew a Tums once in a while, but I feel great. So watch how long your doctor has you on this drug. It took four years to have the side effects that I had.
I have been on this pill on two separate occasions and both times have been exactly the same but I am still on it..the routine for this pill is - the first 3 months you gain weight and it is impossible to get it off. In that time don 't even try it wont happen, it 's stuck there until after the three months. Then if you try it will start to fall off again. If you don 't take this pill the same time every day you will get some breakthrough bleeding but nothing too crazy just some spotting....sometimes I think it has made me more emotional but who knows .... sex drive is way up....really light periods. Scary sometimes you don 't know if you are pregnant not a bad birth control.
1-2 months of taking then you feel the real effect but my constipation is back after 2 months
If you are reading reviews... stop. Paraguard reacts differently to everyone that gets it, I almost scared myself out of getting it after days of reading the reviews but you will never know if you do not go through with it. I 'm not lie it was painful day one and two, but it really is not bad! My periods are the same as they used to be (last about 4 days with moderate flow) just a bit crampier a week before and when I ovulate. The pain is nothing a few Advil  can 't solve.A few side effects that I experienced- I was bloated for the first couple weeks- Spot bleeding here and there- Cramps are sharperHonestly that 's it...for me this was the BEST option on the market!
As far as getting rid of your cough goes this medicine is awesome. I took 2 pills 2 nights ago didn 't sleep at all the first night and have been jittery ever since. I drink a lot of tea so I 'm sure the caffeine is adding to it. I think next time I will take one and lay off the beverages with caffeine.
I have had the paraguard going on 3 years now. The process went smoothly but did have serious pain afterwards and took a good while before I could have sex. When we did have sex both could feel it for the first 6 months. Now we only feel it every now and then. I have gained a lot of weight since and recently EXTREME pain even when I 'm not on my period. I have to have a nap everyday I literally cant stay awake. I have been checked out and they say everything is fine. I thought it was a chemical imbalance and started taking extra vitamins and still everything is the same. Not sure if it is the paraguard or just me. I know IUD 'S effect everyone differently just make sure you take notes on any changes.
i have been taking Loestrin since I was 16, and I am now 19. I have to say it is absolutely wonderful. I initially began taking it as a way to lessen the flow of my monthly, but it is also an effective birth control in case of &quot;accidents&quot;. I have not gained weight, although I find it more difficult to lose weight. My period is now nearly non-existent, and lasts for maybe a day. I would recommend to everyone.
Overall diclegis has definitely reduced my nausea, so that I don 't want to die 24/7. I can still notice the nausea some, especially when it gets closer to the next dosage. I am on 4 a day. It took two days to lessen the nausea, and I 've still been vomitting once a day on average, and holding more back. I still need to keep stomach full, but at least I can drink sips of water and eat some food, other than only toast.  The first three days I was a zombie. Now I can stay awake with caffeine in morning, a nap in afternoon. I don 't know if i can return to work because I am so sleepy, which is the major negative. I was also constipated the first several days. I hate taking medicine, but i have two children to care for and was getting dehydrated.
Been on 50mg for 2 days now (started for a week on 25mg) and now that I take the higher dose my mood is a bit better but my social anxiety it loads better, the feeling of making people laugh is amazing when you are not afraid to speak,although maybe not drink on this? I had 3 drinks and became so upset and depressed.
I recently started Remeron after trying Buspar for anxiety/depression and insomnia. I have a dysfunctional family like many others but they are the root of the issues that I started having.  Buspar was a waste of time for the most part, helped with anxiety some but pushed the depression on.  I now take 30 mg at night as well as 0.25mg of Klonopin.  I am sleeping better but as many have said, very hard to get out of bed.  It has been only 4 days and I will stick with it as I am not happy, but also starting to feel less depressed, maybe because I am sleeping better.
This is my 3rd week, I did miss a couple days of taking it which made me nervous to restart. I started taking 2 pills this morning. I have so far lost approx. 9lbs! I 'm thrilled! My clothes are fitting better already! I feel slightly &quot;spacey&quot; at times, but this feeling quickly passes. Like others, I do have to remind myself to eat. I will post more updates next week! Good luck all! :-)
Had severe lower back pain from a logging accident. Really helped with the pain. Very easy to get addicted to. Doctor had to take me off gradually.
I will warn you that if you already have a history of depression and you have a depressive episode while on this medication, it will be 10x worse. Do NOT take that lightly. Have a good support system and tread lightly if you do choose to take this medication with a depressive history.The topiramate part of Qsymia made me have extreme mood shifts, from the first time I took it. I continually noticed short attention span, memory recall and retention issues, and other problems.Very effective for me, regarding appetite control. No cravings, when I used to have many. I did not shed significant poundage, only about 15 pounds in 3 months, but it was enough for me to want to continue on the medication - also, I was not exercising, due to my job
I noticed some improvement after a few weeks, but still had some mild discomfort and spotting after intercourse.  I have gained weight (about 5 pounds in a 6-week period), I have headaches, I have hot flashes and some severe leg cramping (not a normal problem even with my line dancing).  I am going to discontinue this drug.
After 5 years on Paxil, then 2 years on Paxil CR, I weaned myself off in 2 months. I had severe nausea, and abdominal pain for 3 months. I am back on Paxil 10 mg.daily, under a Physician Assistant 's care to eventually wean off. Nausea is gone, as is the abdominal pain. It was so bad for those three months, I was hardly able to function, because of the extreme nausea.
I think the patch worked better for me in the beginning.  Less effective now.  As far as the sticking I found it works best on my lower back area.  You have to make sure there is no lotion or soap where you apply and then hold your hand over the patch for at least 15 sec. to make sure it adheres. The heat of your hand activiates the adhesive. Didn 't work on my abdomen, caused severe itching but not on my backside. My local Walmart is out of stock. I am going to try eBay.
I started BC because I had severe headaches, nausea, and dizziness when on my periods. I never had heavy bleeding or clotting... but I would get so dizzy I would be close to fainting if I was on my feet too much. The doctors simply said it could be my hormones changing and prescribed me ocella. I haven 't noticed any weight gain or  anything. It regulated my pain and dizziness during my periods. However, after 4 months I 've been very nauseous and have had severe headaches and stomach pain. I could be coming down with something so I couldn 't say it 's 100% from the pill. Overall it 's worked great for me and definitely aleviated my pain during menstration.
Just wanted to say that this product worked for me. I waited about 24 hours after I had intercourse so I was worried it wouldn 't work because it says the sooner the better. I had mild cramps &amp; my breasts were pretty sore, nothing too intense though. My period came this morning, which is just a couple days off from when I usually start so yeah I 'm very relieved. Best advice I can give is to try your very best not to get overly stressed, that never helps.
This is my fourth day on Prozac. I have been extremely hyper/manic in the morning, but by night time I 'm exhausted from all the bouncing around that it helps me sleep better. I talk a lot more and a lot faster. I talk to strangers on the street, say hi to people, which is very unlike me because I 'm normally shy and reserved. I felt different the first day I took it. I wouldn 't say I 'm &quot;happy&quot;, just not sad. I 've tried to think about sad things that used to bother me but I feel neutral now. Today particularly I started to feel a little down. They say with every high comes a low, so I 'm assuming it 's crash time with this medication. But I 'm hoping it will even out in the next few weeks, which is when you 're supposed to feel it 's full benefits.
Worked best over all the other anti-depressants I 've tried. Still feel a lack of motivation, but the overall mood I 'm in has improved. I have been on this for about 1 year now. The only downside is the price, as there is no generic version available. I will likely have to switch again because of my insurance deductible being so high /:
Within twenty four hours of using this cream, I saw significant improvement in my symptoms! Wonder cream, YES!
I 'm starting my second month of using Lo Loestrin Fe. I tried other birth control pills at different dosages but they would make me feel really dizzy and sick. My doctor provided me with Lo Loestrin Fe and so far I have not felt as bad as I had before with previous birth control methods. I have felt somewhat dizzy but quickly goes away. The only main concern is why I have not started my period yet. I know the pill can affect your body in different ways but I don 't like that you don 't know if whether it 's because of the pill or if you 're pregnant. I have been cramping and have really tender breasts but no period. Don 't know if this is normal or not which is why I came to look over these reviews. Looks like it really depends on the person.
I took this medicine in college and it really did help with the incessant worrying. However, it made me a careless pleasure seeker who engaged in risky and unproductive behavior. Needless to say I received a 0.0 GPA the one semester I took it.  I did enjoy my time however and still have fond memories but know now that I have too many lazy tendencies to take this medicine.
I have three herniated discs in my lower back. I started taking Nucynta after I built up a tolerance of other pain killers (Codine, Hydrocodone, Oxycodone). If I take a whole pill, it puts me to sleep, the pain goes away but my face and neck itch, this can last 6 hours. I have found if I take half a pill, it takes the edge off the pain and there 's no itching and I don 't feel sleepy; I can work and even drive. I take these halves every 5 hours until I know the pain subsides.I 'm on and off these pills; never had other side effects. I don 't take them long enough (maybe 2-4 days) to get addicted.
Started July 11th, 2015- 5 '5 ' ' tall and 197lbs. Today is July 21st, 2015 and I weighed in at the gym this morning at 186.7- so slightly over 10lbs in 11days. First few days I had extra energy. The first full week I was exhausted and did not go to the gym. I had really lowered my caloric intake and cut out all extra sugars, breaded carbs and dairy...I ate a little more over the past weekend and this morning I finally felt up to exercising. I still feel tired, but fall asleep for an hour after work and then am ready for bed by 10p. I am not super hungry, but still try to avoid being around my favorite &quot;junky&quot; foods because I overeat just because it 's in front of me... I take 1 30mg pill daily and got a b12 shot, which I can repeat 1x month.
My father-in-law was diagnosed with metastic squamous cell head and neck cancer. Had 6 weeks radiation but cancer had spread. Conventional chemo did nothing. Had large tumors, one breaking through the chest wall. Could not do daily tasks. He started on Erbitux infusions and within four weeks two of the tumors had disappeared and the larger ones had shrunk. Didn 't need pain medicines any more.Side effects he experienced:  blood infections from the PICC line, electrolyte imbalance, rash on his body.He is happy with drug. He has lived several months longer then anticipated but he must stay on Erbitux or the cancer will come back.
Taste is absolutely awful. It 's extremely salty and bitter. Took me more than an hour to gulp down just one dose (16 oz), and I would recommend sucking on a lime or lemon slice in between sips to help with the taste. In terms of effectiveness, it really worked! Everything came out like a liquid waterfall after around 30 minutes after each dose.
I have had pretty bad anxiety over the past 5 years, had occasional panic attacks and trouble leaving my comfort zone. I was on Lexapro, which did nothing but make me fat.  I also have a bulged disc and was prescribed this in lieu of stronger opiates like Vicodin and Percocet.  To me this medicine is a miracle.  I am happy always, never anxious, and never feel uncomfortable, even when I am doing things I don 't enjoy.  
At first it was great for sleep which is the cause of my anxiety. I 'm having some good night 's and a couple of bad nights more good than bad.
I 've had implanon in now for about 4 months now. I have not gotten pregnant after numerous times of unprotected sex with my husband. I do however spot in between periods and as of recently I 've been bleeding excessively to the point where I have to change my pad almost every 2 hours and it 's completely full or has overflown. Im also experiencing large clots of blood during my period. This has been going on for 2 weeks now. I have not gained weight of had any changes to my skin. I do feel week from the extreme blood loss and will follow up on it soon.
overall it has been good, I 'm on oxycontin 3times a day long lasting, then actiq for breakthru, it works much better than oxycodone and I don 't get sick or lupey from it, however I do on occasion need to take 2 lozegers as my doctor refuses to up either my long lasting or the actiq, don 't understand as I am on very low doses and have been RESPONSIBLY taking pain meds for more than 7 years now. overall a very good pain med.
I started Contrave last month. Took one pill and had extreme side effects the first day. I was extremely dizzy, nauseous, tired and had a headache I wasn 't able to shake for a few days. I didn 't continue taking the pill because I had a busy week with work and was afraid I 'd continue feeling like that. I restarted Contrave last Monday and just finished my first full week and am down 4lbs. I had barely any side affects the second time around besides feeling really tired by the middle of the day. It has cut my appetite in half and eliminated a lot of cravings. Hoping for even better results now starting week 2 and pills 2x a day.
At first I just experienced stomach troubles occasionally with this pill. On the plus side it made my period much lighter but it has been inconsistent. I usually have a 25-day cycle. I have been 10 days late and 5 days early on this pill. Then the 10 pounds came on, and quite quickly. I 'm 44 and have been the same weight for 20 years so it was upsetting to have clothes suddenly fit very tightly. I haven 't changed my diet or exercise regime so I attribute the gain to this pill. I feel bloated most of the time too. Other than that I didn 't experience the other side effects some are experiencing. 
I am 20 years old and I have been taking Tri-Sprintec for about a year and 2 months now. It was my first time on birth control and it has been pretty good for me. I never really got cramps, but when I started taking the pills I started having light cramping before and after my monthly cycle.. but nothing too serious. Overall, I feel like Tri-Sprintec has been pretty awesome! I keep my alarm on my phone, and I 'm fine. I do feel like maybe being on the pill is slowing down my weight loss but it 's okay. I 'm not pregnant, so I don 't mind. 
I started using adapalene gel a week ago and for the first few days I broke out in loads of white heads! However I continued applying it every night before bed and within days I can already see a huge improvement!
Have been taking letrozole] for about 6 months after being on tamoxifen for 2 years.  (I felt great on tamoxifen).  My energy levels have decreased so I have to try and pace myself and give in if I can 't do as much as before.  My knees/legs ache and I also seize up a bit if I sit too long.  I feel it 's aged me but I am here with my boys and that 's all that matters. I have loads of hot flushes but wear layers.  I am trying to stay healthy walking a lot and pilates.  I don 't think my body could handle the gym as my bones are thinning due to these drugs. I did become vegan after the initial cancer diagnosis but now have a bit of organic milk in my tea and cheese occasionally.  My hair has not thinned, good luck, lets hope they find a cure soon
I am taking this along with ciprofloxacin. I am experiencing severe bloating and stuffy nose and gaging.  I have taken gas X this morning but am still suffering.  This is the second day on the medicine and it was not as bad on the first day.  I did not sleep at all because of the bloating and pain.
I 've been on doxycycline 3 weeks now, I 've had cystic acne for 3 years now I have it under control with benzoyl peroxide.  I still have a few cysts here and there so I decided to try the doxy to get rid of all of it once and for all, I 've noticed my overall skin more glowy and healthier looking and I haven 't had 1 cyst since getting on it but I have had several small zits in places I never usually get them like my forehead. I think that 's the medicine pushing out all the bad stuff hopefully it will be 100% by the 1 month mark when I go back to the derm (I 'm also using retin-a topical at night) doxy never effected my stomach or gave me any type of side effect at all.
I take metaxalone when I feel the pain coming on. For at least three days then I stop because I have to still take aspirin for other conditions. It alleviates some of the pain.
I was on this method of birth control from age 16-20. I loved it! I never noticed a weight gain, no periods at all for this entire time. In retrospect that probably isn 't healthy but at the time it didn 't bother me in the slightest. I had pretty intense mood swings, but I was also In a very unstable relationship at the time so I 'm not going to pin the mood swings entirely on the depo. I recently switched to Trinessa pills and absolutely hate them, I never realized how happy I was with the depo shot until I started something else. I 'm slightly concerned with the long term effects of the shot, but I might end up switching back to it. I know it has a rep for making people gain crazy weight, but it didn 't have that effect on me.
Mirena has changed my life. Before having it inserted I had extreme pain for 3-4 days a month with my period, so painful I 'd have to call in sick to work every month. I wanted to try birth control pills for the pain, but my doctor recommended a non-estrogen method due to my family history of breast cancer. The insertion of Mirena was quite painful for the first 10-15 minutes afterward (though not as bad as my excruciating normal period pain), but then it settled down to mild cramping. As other users have said, the spotting on and off for the first 4-6 months can be annoying. But other than that and some very mild cramping at first, my life has changed. No more period pain, I still can 't believe it and am so grateful!
Whenever a doctor prescribes me Valium it works like a charm, but I don 't have seizures too often. Maybe twice a year.
I have just completed my first month of Amnesteem (I had moderate acne) and I am extremely happy with the results this far. However, I experienced stomach ache, nausea, constipation, chest pain, head aches, lower back pain, sore throat, dry skin, extremely chapped lips, and fatigue. They all hit me at the beginning of week three. The good news is they all subsided by the end of the week except the constipation.
I have I have been taking tri ness for only a couple of days now and my breast are really tender and sore they hurt , sudden movement they hurt . Thinking maybe I should take a pregnancy test or for sure it might just be the pill .
Asthma, COPD. I love this inhaler. It works well and I use it less often than other inhalers I have used in the past. I have had asthma for over 20 years. I was using another inhaler when the FDA changed it due to enviromental concerns about the propellents used. The inhaler the pharmacy replaced it with was very &quot;wet&quot; and seemed weak and that it stayed mainly in my mouth. It was actually the pharmacist who suggested Proventil HFA because I mentioned I prefer the &quot;dryer&quot; delivery of albuterol.
Works great to keep me from being anxious. I take 40 mg daily for last 5 yrs.  The only thing I don 't like is the weight gain and I need lots of sleep. My leg also jerks when I sleep.  Until I read the reviews I didn 't think about Paxil causing it. It also keeps me from getting really angry easily. If I miss doses my family knows it immediately because I get very emotional, weepy or angry.
This is a good long term drug for the management of chronic pain but its effectiveness fades over time and you have to increase the dose in order to maintain the same effectiveness. 
After 3 weeks of excruciating sciatic pain, due to herniated disc at L5-S1, I was prescribed Gabapentin. I was scared about the side effects so I only took a third of my daily dose, alongside naproxen and codeine. I noticed a change in my mood, very tearful and low also. The pain got worse, so I gave in, took the gabapentin as prescribed, continued with codeine and naproxen and then the pain became manageable within 3 weeks. I 'm no longer on any drugs now apart from Gabapentin. My mood is better and I am sleeping better. The pain hits me when I walk for 5 minutes, especially going up a hill. Or when I sit/stand for too long. But my quality of life has improved with gabapentin. I am having surgery next week as the disc herniation is large.
I have been taking Pristiq for 3 months. Wonderful medication.  I feel great! The only side effect I have is so much night sweats I have to keep a second pajamas next to my bed because mine gets soaked. I was wondering if this side effect will get better. I am very reluctant to change this medicine because of this effect because other anti-depressants had the same effect and did not work as well.
I was falling a sleep every time I sat down - even at the computer, rocking a baby, in a car ride. I was trying to lose weight, but gaining instead. Someone would touch me and I would start sweating. I am 58. I have been on Synthroid (not generic) for 6 days now. I too am feeling a whole lot better. I was at 202 lbs 10 days ago. Today I am at 187.6 lbs. I did fall a sleep at the computer again last night, but my energy level is coming back.
I 've been on Nexplanon for 2 years and 1 month. It has worked perfectly on not letting me get pregnant, but I almost don 't get my period, and once I thought I had it and it was here for one day. Then the next time it came and lasted 21 days. I really have no complaints with the period thing, but now I always have severe migraines, sudden nausea, breast pain, almost no desire to be intimate and my mood swings are unpredictable and just as bad.
I 've been on Rectiv for 2 weeks alongside an initial 10-day course of Cipro for a fistula. The Rectiv does cause an immediate headache within minutes of use, but after a few days it goes away, or you get used to it. I did notice relief of pain and swelling for a while until a sudden return of the pain, fistula and swelling! For no apparent reason and after no sudden changes in diet! Seeing my doctor tomorrow to try and determine another angle.
For me it was pretty great. I used it for about 10 months, didn 't feel it during sex but my partner did. Side effects I did gain about 15 pounds and my hair would fall out not that much but enough to notice it.Good thing about it though it cleared up my face I didn 't have to take it daily.
I 've been on this pill for 4 months now. It was my first ever so I was really nervous! While taking it everything was normal no side effects which was a plus! Before the pill my period was for 5-6 days and on the pill it was only 2-3 days which was great! In my 3rd and 4th month I was spotting A LOT! On top of that I was getting my period which was a pain! No weight gain and acne, my sex drive increased.
I have been taking Pentasa for about two months and my condition has improved.  I had to lower the dosage after the first three weeks, but am doing well now.
I was prescribed 500mg twice a day for 5 days. I 'm on the third day and I have noticed the smell to not be as bad but I think the medication had given me a UTI. Definitely need to drink a lot of water with this! No other side effects and the taste really isn 't that bad.
I am 44. My T level last year was 182 and climbed to 222 last month. Decided to try Axiron with the free 30 day trial.  So far feeling pretty good.  Mood is up, libido is up slightly, and it seems my muscle tone has improved. The problem is my insurance doesn 't cover it so at around $300 / month this will be too costly to continue.  Hoping for cheaper alternatives - perhaps injections.  I would love to continue using Axiron but it doesn 't appear to be in the cards unfortunately.
Experiencing horrible nausea/vomiting with Dilaudid for pain associated with Stage4 Breast cancer. My normal antinausea medication was Zofran, but it started to not work. I was given 0.5 mg I.V. of Haldol every hour for nausea. It worked, but did &quot;knock me to nap&quot; for a little while. After I woke up, I did feel groggy and was able to eat and drink without incident.
overall it has been good, I 'm on oxycontin 3times a day long lasting, then actiq for breakthru, it works much better than oxycodone and I don 't get sick or lupey from it, however I do on occasion need to take 2 lozegers as my doctor refuses to up either my long lasting or the actiq, don 't understand as I am on very low doses and have been RESPONSIBLY taking pain meds for more than 7 years now. overall a very good pain med.
I have been on 400mg of seroquel for 6 months. It helped me sleep and also took away my voices that I was hearing. It works great but I feel drowsy.
Having burning tongue syndrome is very rare and it feels like you have an electric cable attached to your tongue.  After 3 years and 14 doctors and about 20 different medicines not to mention brain surgery NOTHING worked. One day I had a panic attack and the emergency room doctor prescribed Xanax.  It took me week and half to try it but the result was immediate. For 1st time in years I feel like living again.
I just found out I have bipolar and also maybe skitzo efftive not sure how u spell that. Anyways my thinking process was horrible and I took this medicine and the FIRST day I noticed a huge difference for the first time in a while I felt like a normal person! It was amazing! Side effects I 've had were numbness of toungue and bad taste (which aren 't bad) but I do sometimes wake up in the middle of the night feeling like my legs are asleep or tingling. But that was the first night I took it and the first time I updosed my medicine I hope that ain 't a bad thing and it goes away because other than that its AWESOME!
Fentanyl has been a life saver. Started on 25mcg patches/72 hours and over the years have progressed to 100mcg/72 hours. I also have Vicodin and other medications that treat my diseases and also help alleviate pain. However I have been experiencing a lot of breakthrough pain recently so my physician is making changes in my medications and fentanyl is one that he is considering changing the dose and shortening the time to 48 hour patch replacement. 
I was in hospital for Severe Ulcerative Colitis. I was so bad I was going 20 to 40 times a day. Right now I have no insurance, but can afford Lomotil, and it has me slowed down to 3 to 7 times a day which I love and can more than live with. It does say it can blur your vision but so can diabetes, and I take so much predisone it makes my sugar stay high all day too. 
Day 7, not so bad for me, the reviews really scared me. Slight headaches, metal taste in my mouth. That 's about it, hope it works. Good luck.
This drug has helped me a lot to improve my grades in school, very much recommended for people with ADHD.
Provigil has worked well at treating my Narcolepsy.  I had to stop taking it when I was pregnant and resumed taking it after my daughter 's birth.  If you choose to take Provigil and have children, you need to be driven around for the duration of your pregnancy and up until you are back on the medication.
I 've been on Tri-sprintec for about 8 months and it is really effective. So far, I 've had shorter periods (4 days) and I don 't notice a lot of acne or emotional issues. However, I have had a weight gain of about twenty pounds on this medicine despite the fact that I was actually exercising more than I did previously. I 've always had problems gaining weight and had been about 105 lbs for quite a few years so a few pounds wouldn 't have hurt, but this weight gain was pretty troubling due to how rapid it was. I wanted to wait and see if things slowed down but I think I am still gaining so I may talk to my doctor about switching to a different pill.
I have been on Benlysta for seven months now and it 's really helping with the fatigue. I finally feel like I can get up and do something on my days off of work. I 'm in the medical field and really don 't want to end my career yet. As far as the joint and muscle pain it 's still there unfortunately. Maybe it will get better soon.
klonopin was fast-acting and highly-effective for my anxiety. Be aware though! Very bad experiences developed on the few occasions I couldn 't get a refill. The withdraw is immediate and the world literally stops. I could not think, eat or breathe properly. Eventually I began taking it just to avoid withdraw symptoms. I took it for ten years and got slowly weaned off of it.
I 've been on it for a week...I have a yeast infection and lost ten pounds already
I was on these pills for 2 months. From the first week I didn 't notice any side effects, but from second week I started bleeding and spotting all the time. In the first month it was very light, second month a little bit more. In the end of the second month, before white pills, it stopped. I had acne before but I went to salon for facials and my skin was almost perfect, but since I started to use pills my skin became worse. Also in the middle of the first month I was just super mad every day, my husband wanted me to stop using them, but then in a few days I came back in my normal mood. I didn 't gain weight, at least, and totally I felt fine.
I am a 41yr old female 5 '11 starting weight 354lbs. I have been taking Qsymia since 11/14/12 and have lost 19lbs. The weight loss was extremely fast the first couple of weeks until I switched from the initial dosage to my regular dosage. Then it seemed my body caught up to or got used to the medicine and the weight loss slowed dramatically. It has been 2lbs, 2lbs, 0lbs consecutively. I am hoping that this is not the trend and that I will be able to pick back up the 2lb a week weight loss. I experienced face numbness, headache, dry mouth but they are starting to subside.
I 'm 22, no children. Was on On 4 other birth control pills for the last 6 years. I had all the bad&quot; symptoms&quot; mentioned that Mirena supposedly causes some on ESTROGEN pills. Headaches, dry during sex, acne (on estrogen pill), crazy mood swings and mental breakdowns anytime stress came.Any form of birth control is going to mess with you! However, with Mirena, it last 5 years, in my situation saves me 300/yr. Take minocycline if you have acne, and only eat 1,000 cals or less if you gain weight. Insertion Hurt me a lot. Sharp cramping and hot burning feeling spread through my pelvic region when she measured and an even sharper cramp when it was inserted. Pain lasted 3-5 minutes. Overall, procedure=10-15
It makes me dizzy.
Having tried several different acne medications, and what seems like hundreds acne creams by brands like Clinique, Kiehls, Neals yard, Mario Bedescu and Clean &amp; Clear, my dermatologist prescribed me epiduo. The  'purge ' phase was awful, my skin got a lot worst before it started getting better, so bare that in mind when starting the cream. I am so thankful for this cream, it completely cleared my acne within one month! However, the side effects can be quite painful and frustrating, still after sixth months I experience extremely dry skin and occasional burning of the skin. These side effects haven 't gone away for me as I continue using it. Just bare in mind that at the expense of curing your acne, you will experience side effects long term.
My obsessive compulsive disorder has improved significantly. It has also helped with depression but I just up my doses from 150mg to 225mg to see if I can get more of an antidepressant effect. Almost no side effect. I take it in the morning and I do not feel sleepy. Anger and irritability has improved as well significantly. For those who share in the future let me know how much you take please. It helps.
I 've always had mild teenage acne since middle achool and nothing worked. I finally decided to go to the dermatologist to get rid of my acne once and for all. Once I got the prescription I was told to avoid dairy. I was so nauseous every day throwing up at school for a week straight. But other than extreme nausea and occasional vomiting within 2 months of diligent pill taking 95% of all my facial, shoulder, chest, back, and cystic acne has cleared. Other than take with food and dairy or prepare for some side effects this has worked wonders. Highly recommend.
Helped with my congestion. Helped to relieve headache and light headedness, pain behind eyes. No side affects as of now.  Used for 3 days so far.
Taste is deceiving.  Initial swallow was OK then it was downhill from there.  Had to hold my nose; will try straw with 2nd dose.  Couldn 't wait to flush it with the 32ozs of water. Took about 60 minutes to kick in
Cool concept, stays in for three years, don 't have to worry about a thing. Except that for the first 6 months I had a period every other week. Oh, and I break-out all over my face, chest, and back like a teenager going through puberty. For me, not worth it but I 'm not pregnant.
I 've had chronic migraines since 1984, almost on a daily basis. I 've used almost every migraine medicine ever made. The &quot;fiorcet&quot;, and &quot;fiorcet with codiene&quot; are the only 2 that have ever given me any relief.
I was diagnosed with irritable bowel syndrome at the age of fifteen; I 've suffered with this for five years taking laxatives, fleet enemas, suppositions. I was recently put on Linzess to help with the pain and discomfort of it all. I have followed the directions and waited thirty minutes before eating. Linzess does work for me; however, it does cause me slight abdominal pain and diarrhea. I talked to my doctor about these side effects and he said, &quot; They will subside within two weeks.&quot; He was right, this medication has been a total life changer for me.
I have a spine injury L5-S1 area for first 6 months I was on every anti-inflammatory and made me sick.In addition, I was on heavy dose of Tramadol with no effect on pain what so ever and just made me high, then Percocet and it only made me high and very addictive.Then I read about Lyrica, talked to my Doctor got some and stopped my flair-ups.It saved me.Lyrica cut my pain by about 40% and stopped my flair-ups by about 80%.It kind of acts like an anti-depressant for me and makes me a bit hyper-(Good thing)But kills my sex drive and I stopped it for a week, it was hard on me and pain and flair-ups came back.I built a fast resistance to Lyrica fast, I went from 100mg to now 600 mg.Gave me back my hunger and I 'm gaining weight-(good thing)You have to realize nothing but hard work and Meds will cut your pain down, nothing will cut your pain 100%I know its depressing, we all just want our Doctor to put their hand on our injury and be healed.You have to try some home to exercise, eat well and seek mental help along with Pain meds and help from you doctor.Chronic pain, you need mental and physical help and most of all its you that has to push yourself to recover.
Coumadin is very effective.  Home monitoring of INR with finger sticks helped with ease of use.
so far so good. I have had sleep problems with all the Blood pressure meds given to me.
I 've had this since Jan 4th, 2017. It 's been almost four months, I 've had two periods that have lasted me three weeks. That is the only downside. I 've been on many of other birth controls, this is the only one that I have not had any major depression on. I feel completely normal. I 've lost 20 pounds since, it 's been easier to lose weight as I work out! I 've now recently developed some really bad headaches here and there, I 'm not sure if it 's from the implant or something in my life. I recommend, procedure very easy and fast!
Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn 't, but when it does ...it does.
I was given this for nausea that could not be helped with zofran. I take it on a as needed bases or when the zofran won 't work. I have a lot of stomach issues and I can say this stuff definitely helps. It does make me a little sleep but I 'll take that any day over feeling sick and throwing up. The down side is the restless side effect. I feel like I have to keep moving unless I somehow manage to fall asleep. Then I am knocked out. Sometimes I take valium or benadryl to combat the feeling. But that leaves me groggy and unable to function
I 'm 22yrs old and have been dealing with acne since about 13yrs old. I 've been on Tri-Sprintec for almost two years now and what a difference. It has to be the best birth control I 've ever been on. No gaining weight, mood changes, and my face stays clear even when it is that time of the month.  Life changing.
I am on week three of the medicine at 1.8mg. I 've been feeling extremely nauseous in the evenings to the point of having to take an anti nausea medicine. I started at 215.7lb and I am down to 205.5lb now. That 's 10.2 lbs in three weeks. I hardly ever have an appetite. Only thing that is really appealing to eat is fruit and popsicles. I 'm eating around 400-600 calories a day because if I force myself to eat when I 'm not feeling hungry I get extremely sick and throw up until it 's bile.
I took Diflucan at the same time I was taking Metformin for high blood sugar. I had terrible side effects. Among them redness and burning in my face, terrible joint pains specially in my knees, vomiting, diarrhea and upset stomach.
It worked well, did a course of them over a period of two weeks prescribed by doctor. Swellings went down and red &quot;bite&quot; like rashes disappeared. 
Getting skyla hurt, mostly because I never had anything shoved into my cervix so it was a pain I can 't compare it to. I wanted to stop her half way but I wasn 't going to bail half way in. The pain stopped 30 mins after insertion. I was worried it would hurt to move so I just napped once I got home from the gynos office and didn 't have sex for 2 weeks after insertion. I feel fine. Sometimes Ill get a dull pain but its very managable. As for my periods. I had it inserted in January, and I just got my period on February 6th, I am currently still on my period.  It has been 12 days and I 'm not very happy about that, but it has been a substantial decrease in the amount of blood. I use a divacup so I know its gone down at least 80%.
After trying other anti-drepressants with little or no results my doctor prescribed Celexa.  This medication has changed my life.  I take a fairly high dosage (60 mg) and after 1 year the effects have not worn off.  Slight drowsiness has been the only side effect for me.
I started the nuvaring about 3 years ago. At first I had some pretty terrible mood swings and migraines. I did also gain a small amount of weight. Within 3 months of going on it my acne got significantly worse, but then completely cleared up in 5-6 months! The trick with this birth control is to definitely give it time. My headaches and moodiness lessened (now I just get a bit emotional around my period) and my sex drive has returned to normal. PROS: super convenient, light 2 day periods, bigger breasts, helped clear skin. CONS: takes a LONG TIME to adjust, slight weight gain, headaches, occasional moodiness.
I give Vivarin a seven for an OTC medication. I don 't sleep well at all at night and I usually average 3-4 hours. I stay in pain so when my alarm goes off in the morning, it is much easier to put a tablet in my mouth along with my pain medication and reset the alarm for one hour later. When it goes off I feel much better for it has helped awaken me and the methadone had started to work for the pain. It doesn 't upset my stomach as much as the No Doz. Then later if I want a cup of coffee and I have time to drink it I can but usually I don 't have the time and I have to pop another Vivarin to keep me going.
Was prescribed Meloxicam for Siatica and other back issues, stayed on it as prescribed and followed all instructions as described. After about 2 years of taking I had a bad stomach ache and had to hold off from going to the ball game, Went to the rest room prior to going and there was a minor amount of blood in my stool. At the hospital I started getting worse quick, they gave me a small bowl and I said this isn 't going to do it, they gave me a larger one and I said I 'm going to get sick now and off we went .....flying towards a room, but didn 't make it.  I threw up blood and my bowels let go with nothing but blood,  I was bleeding out, I lost 28 units that night. Good thing I was close to the hospital and or in it. Doc says I had 1 min to live...
Insertion was straight forward. Did leave a little scar, despite being told it wouldn 't. It 's not noticeable.The only reason why I would advise the implant is because of its reliability - it lasts a few years and once it 's in you never have to worry about it. I had no periods for the entire time I had it in (9 months). Carries no risk of infection like down there but make sure you keep the wound clean and dry. Didn 't notice any difference with acne. I actually lost weight around the time I had it inserted.However, I would say to be careful of a few things. One of which is the mood swings. I was emotional - cried for the first 3 months but it settled. Lower sex drive. Once I started eating refined sugar I put on weight. No more than 4kg
I have to take antibiotics frequently, so I get YIs periodically. I 've always taken diflucan orally or used Monistat 7. I inserted the first dose of M3 last night before bed. I realized about 2 minutes later that I had to pee. After I did, it hit! The burning and itching was so intense that I had to walk around a minute to get myself together. I laid in bed writhing in pure misery from the stinging &amp; intense itching. Burning was bearable, but the itching just about did me in. I finally took my panties off &amp; kept my legs separated so the heat wouldn 't activate the yeast, as if it wasn 't already activated. I was desperate! Took 2 hours to go to sleep, but laughing hysterically at the other reviews sure made the itching more bearable!
It has helped me. It 's a good medicine.
I 'm 6 months pregnant and this is the first time I got an yeast infection. My STUPID doctor didn 't give me any instructions I just used vagisil for the itching for a week. Finally she told me to use a anti-fungal cream so I tried Monistat.After you insert it, the suffering is MONUMENTAL. OMG.I put it in right before bed and lied on my back with my knees up for about 15 minutes. I swear it felt like my insides were on fire. On top of that the entire area feels SO ITCHY. It 's SO intense. I 've never felt anything that uncomfortable. I 'm giving it 8/10 because the next day the entire infection had really reduced and it kept getting better really quick. But every night I used it, the intense burning, itching crappy feeling lasted a good 15 min
I have been taking Aridimex for 4.5 years, coming up on my 5 year post treatment check up. Side effects for me have been; hot flashes, neuropathy, intense joint pain, insomnia and 30% loss of bone density.  I take 2 ibuprofen daily to manage pain and power through.  New clinical data indicate staying on longer may reduce risk further.  I was so looking forward to getting off this drug, not sure how I feel about that.
I got on Prozac 10 mg when I was sixteen after I tried to commit suicide. It worked wonders just within a week or so. I sat in my backyard in my bikini, wore tanning oil in the blazing sun, and painted clothes pins for my mom. I felt EXTREMELY lifted from my old self. I was HAPPY. I stopped taking it a few weeks later because I thought I was cured from my depression... stupid of me. I am now 22 and I have recently started taking Prozac 10 again. I am not really sure if I feel the effect yet but I do notice myself zoning out every once in a while. I hope I will feel wonderful again like the 16 year old I once was.
After my first manic episode at 39, was hospitalized and chose Depakote over Risperdal due to weight gain fears. It 's been 2 weeks and along with intensive therapy and healthy lifestyle it 's definitely brought me back to reality
I quit smoking with Commits help for five years.  We sold our home and moved a 1000 miles and had a new home built.  It happened fast and I was so stressed I started smoking again.  It 's been a year and six months and I am now back on Commit again.  Problem is, I used them for the entire five years.  I started having a lot of cavities and that worried me. Don 't know if it was the constant use or not.  They also gave me uncontrollable gas.  It went away when I stopped use.  These are still better than cancer.  They do work.  
I have general anxiety and occasional bouts of high anxiety. I was taking .5 Xanax 1-2x day not everyday only when I had the bouts of high anxiety.  I was on Viibryd 10mg for a week then to 20mg and that 's where I 've been for about a year.  After about 2-3 weeks of starting the Viibryd I noticed I no longer needed the Xanax. I have noticed no change in sex drive however I have noticed I get extremely sleepy if I 'm not actively doing something.. Over the past 2 months I have slowly reduced to 10mg hoping to reduce the daytime sleepiness but I have noticed I am getting my bouts of high anxiety again so will end up going back to 20mg.
My son was recently perscribed this medicine. It has had a positive effect on his behavioural problems.It seems to have given him clarity.
I 'm not necessarily the best person to give a review on this, because I have CONSTANT yeast infections ALL THE TIME. It 's torture. Whenever I go to the doctor I get my diflucin pill, Monistat cream, and I usually still have issues. I 'm yet to find a solution. However, I did try this pill out and it 's pretty great! If you have any swelling down there, this gets rid of it overnight. As for the actual yeast, mine hasn 't completely cleared up but it 's getting a lot better. I think this could possibly get rid of it if I keep using it consistently. I 'm only on day 3 of this and I 've seen a significant difference and feel much better. I recommend this to people who want to get rid of any swelling and need an alternative to the actual doctor.
This is the first regular medicine I started to take -it did get my blood pressure down-no side effects that I noticed but now a couple of years into it my pulse/heart rate has perhaps become too low (48). I am on the lowest prescribed dose and may have to stop or change. My main source of stress (teen) has left so maybe I don 't need it anymore.
The secret of taking any antibiotics is full-stomach.  Meaning, you should eat a full meal even you don 't have an appetite.  A bowl of rice, soup, pooridge, noodles, banana, oatmeal, peanut butter sandwich with honey, or anything you can eat. Full stomach before you take the medicine (in fact any kind of medicine even vitamins) is a key to not feel all the side effects.  Also, if you feel too much side effects (nausea, vomiting, dizziness), you may be allergic to one content of the medicine you are taking.  You should check on it!  Like, I usually get Augmentin for my tonsils and ear infection but I constantly getting the same side effects when I take it then I found out I was allergic to pennicilin content.
I 've had mine in for almost a year and I will say the first few months were terrible!  I don 't have severe anxiety but I did when I  first had it inserted.  I was anxious,  nervous,  irritable,  on edge,  and emotional.  After the first few months passed it got alot better! I 've hardly had any periods and the ones I 've had were light with no cramps or mood swings.  They 're spaced about four months apart and I tend to bleed for longer.  Sometimes up to 3 or even 4 weeks but they 're so light I don 't notice until I wipe after using the bathroom.  Doesn 't interfere with sex either, due to it being so light and not having any period side effects.  I haven 't worn a tampon or pad in  almost a year.  My last period I did experience some cramping.
I started noticing my sweat in 6th grade. In middle school my doctor said my Sympathetic nerves were hyperactive so I would constantly sweat no matter what temperature. Hypercare changed my life because I am a setter on the volleyball team which wouldn 't be possible without its use. T
Doesn 't control pain for long enough period of time. Decreases pain from 9 to 7 for 2  hours then pain starts to increase again. Also causes nausea and dry mouth.
Worked great with anti-anxiety medicines.
I have been on this pill for almost 4 months now. The first month I had breakthrough bleeding, no other side effects other than that. The third and 4th month was  when the side effects all hit me at once; bloating, weight gain, slight headaches and uncomfortable cramps. My period has gotten a lot lighter but I am thinking of switching if these side effects still occur.
I began testosterone treatment in June of 2008. I self injected 200mgs of Enanthate. After 2 months I stopped using it due to painful injection sites. In 10/08 my Doctor prescribed me the Androgel pumps. My levels were at 198 which for a 36 year old male is way low, no wonder I felt terrible. No drive to do anything, including sex, which for me was unheard of. I started out with two pumps but I noticed no change. In 11/08 4 pumps which actually caused a drop in my levels. 01/09 I began six pumps. In the past 5 months I have felt good. I am playing sports again, sex life is better, and I have lost 15 lbs. I have no side effects. Still a head of hair! I just feel really good. I feel like I am 26 again. No regrets. Use 100mg of B6 and more protein.
I have rheumatoid arthritis and use Voltaren topically on my joints. This helps.
I suffer from year round allergies. My eyes itch and water often. I have noticed these drops do help but after a few seconds of applying the drops in my eyes I have a stinging/burning sensation. I would not recommend this to children if this is a common side effect. The pain does subside after a minute or two. I continue to use the drops because they do seem to help. I just have to wait out the initial pain.
I am 48 years old and Loved this!  I was having trouble falling asleep and staying asleep due to being pre-menopausal.  It worked wonders.  I was able to fall asleep and was able to sleep through the night and felt great in the morning.
I have been on a few antidepressants for 11 years with only fair results. My Doctor started me on some Seroquel XR 200mg at bedtime over the last few weeks. This medication not only has helped me with the terrible side effects when you come off many of the typical SSRI but I am sleeping and my depression has improved from a 2 out of 10 to 7 out of ten. Sometimes, SSRI medication side effects are stated as minor but they can be very severe at times. More Doctors should know about Seroquel XR and the great results when stopping antidepressants.
Today is the first day of week two of the starter dosage. I lost 4.6lbs last week.  I have noticed some dry mouth, which has caused me to be more conscious of water intake.  I  also have noticed some constipation and a little sleeplessness.  Still no tingling in the hands or feet.  I did try a sip of a Pepsi yesterday and a lot of people on here are right ... this medication completely changes how it tastes. I am not a soda drinker anyway, but just had to see if that was a side effect, and it is. It has a really strong, unbearable metallic taste.  My sugar cravings have surprisingly decreased dramatically as I am a sugar addict. I no longer have M&amp;Ms on my mind 24/7.  My appetite has decreased, but does still exist.
This is only my second month on Lolo, but so far so good. Usually by this time on other birth controls I have had debilitating migraines and cramps. Where as on Lolo I have had one headache, and one five minute cramping session both on the same day. Definitely experienced a few mood swings and the tender boobs though (to the point of my bra even hurting them, which sucked but only lasted about a week) Usually have a one or two day periods, with mediumish flow and no cramps (so only on Lolo to prevent little mes!) The only downside I see with it is that my period did not show up at all this month. Needless to say I was scared  until consulting Google and reading some other gals experiences! Overall impressed with Lolo though (:
I took two tablets after dinner and went to sleep around 1130pm. At 6 am came around and I had terrible cramps. I vomited a few times and felt better and went back to sleep. 7am came and I had even worse pains and went to the bathroom. After that I was fine. It did its job but was extremely uncomfortable. I don 't recommend taking this if you can 't be home for at least 18 hours straight
I 've been on Contrave for almost 4 months, lost 23 lbs.  Doctor wants me to lose at least 40 - my goal 45.  Up until 2 weeks ago, only side effects, dry mouth, constipation, and craving for chocolate, which I never had before.  Those effects went away.  Now I 'm experiencing nausea, and dizziness and tired.   It could be the possibility of not drinking as much water as I did during the warmer months.  I 'm going to see if it makes any difference.  I thought maybe decreasing the dosage may help.  Then I saw someone write about Bonine and how that helped.
paxil helps me quite a bit
Have had back problems for 25  years, my doctor has me on 30 mg 2X a day. My doctor is so scared of the DEA that it took a lot to get this. I really need 3 a day but he wont hear of it. I wish he would give me this and maybe something else for the break through pain but he will not do it. Just glad I get this much.
I was on the patch a year ago but everytime i put the patch on after my period i got severe nausea that left me in bed ALL day. I put up with this bc i loved the ease of the patch but it became too much. My college gyno switched me to sronyx. I love it! At first i got some cramps with my period which i had never gotten before but after a month of being on it that has gone away. I did not gain weight at all &amp; actually lost weight, though that may be from other problems (GERD). My period is also lighter and shorter. The only negative side effects i can say are that within the first month and a half  i was VERY moody. I got angry very easily, but that has gotten better. i also get more breakouts (chest, face, and back) but they are very minor.
Effective against pain but such a wide variety of side effects (dizziness, nausea, loss of appetite, shakiness, difficulty swallowing, constipation, fatigue) in my 88 year old mother.
Started taking this 4 days ago, 300mg 3x daily.  After 1 day the swelling started to go down and by day 4 the swelling is gone.  After 2-3 days the pain subsided  (it is still there, but a LOT less severe).  But as the pain subsided, in came the nasty taste in the mouth.  I tried mouthwash (doesn 't help)... I 've tried drinking plenty of water (doesn 't help)... and I 've tried gum (works temporarily but as soon as the gums out of the mouth, the taste comes back and my jaw starts hurting when I chew it.
Hi everyone. My healthy professional prescribed me Propanolol 40mg dosage. I supposed to take it 3 times a day but I just take it whenever I need it. I founded it really useful with my symptoms such as very low mood, depression and anxiety. Although this med makes me feel so so tired after 22.00 when I take my last pill. I mean I can 't even talk or do uni work. Next day I sleep like till 11, 12 which is quite bad. I actually can 't even get out of my bed.... I only take this meds when I need it.
Helped my PMDD a lot. Only side effects were weight gain and a loss of sex drive.
The 5% patches that i have been using for the last 3 years work well for short periods of time, about 4-5 hours. Reduces the need for hydrocodone. However, stay away from the Mylan brand. They are only 140 mg of lidocaine opposed to the standard 700mg. They get away with this by making the patch thinner so it is still 5%. It doesn 't stick and it doesn 't work for me. Got stuck with a few boxes that my insurance had to pay for. Ended up switching all my prescriptions from Rite-Aid to Walgreens.
Day 1Insertion horrible, Horrible cramps, tired, hungry, bloated. Had toDay 2 slight cramps in morning to afternoon nothing 800mg ibprofen couldn 't handle bad cramps later that night all night, bloatedDay 3 Horrible cramps, doubled over, hurt to work and walk, tired, bloated, 800mg ibuprofen not working, gassy at nightDay 4 Slight cramps in morning, gassy, bloated, 800mg ibuprofen only 2 times that day, slight cramping once in a while for rest of dayDay 5Couldn 't tell if cramps were coming or not, took 1 800mg ibuprofen and okay. Slight lower abdominal pains randomly thru day but nothing too bad  exercised for the first time no cramps afterDay 6 woke up to bad cramps took 1 800mg ibprofen fine for the rest of day,
I have had Mirena for almost a year now. I got it in October 2010. I am 17 years old with no children. Other birth controls did not work for me. So my OB/GYN and I decided to try Mirena as a last resort for my woman problems (cysts,heavy bleeding).  When I first got Mirena I was in terrible pain, but I had also never had children so my cervix was really tightly shut. The procedure lasted about 3 and 1/2 minutes then the pain lessened to intense period cramps.  After that I had my period for 2 months straight with serious mood swings, cravings and weight gain. I 've gotten the weight off and am period free! LOVE IT!
The drug removed some of the empty  'raw ' feeling lonely feeling about life, as well as intrusive wincing thoughts.  I find it pretty sedating, can sleep through the weekend if not carefull.  Creates a kind of careless numb feeling toward everything, but that can be better than the alternative.  For the first few weeks I remember it can increase anxiety a little, have heard many people quit cause of this, and sleeplessness at start.  I wonder how bad they really were to start, I kept going because I couldnt go back, reminding myself how it was before starting.  Five years seem to drift by, yes it makes life easier, but probabally removes some of the motivation to change, complacency sets in.
My doctor prescribed this for me because I have diabetes and am also having chemotheraphy for stage 4 liver cancer.  I keep getting sores on my body that won 't heal on their own. He thought this might work and it has been a miracle worker on my skin.  It 's helping with the healing and the time it takes to heal.  I think it 's a great product and ever so thankful that my doctor was sensitive enough to give me this so that I won 't be embarrassed by my sores.
I 've been on alesse 2 months now, I find this pill is pretty good; except the first month I bled the whole time, then it went away. I have not gained weight or had mood swings or acne which is great, but It 's like now I have chronic fatigue... Coffee only fixes it so much, but everything else is great.
I 've been taking Lo estrin fe for about 5 months now. I must be on the 5th or 6th pack by now. Needed something for birth control and acne that would not cause me to gain weight like ortho tri cyclen lo did. My gynecologist recommended the lowest dose of estrogen, hoping it would help. I have not gained any more weight since my terrible experience with ortho tri cyclen lo, but my acne hasn 't improved at all so I 'm beginning accutane and staying on lo estrin fe to combat that problem. I was hoping that the pill would increase my breast size, but alas it did not.
Hey ladies, I purchased the Monistat 3 simple cure, where it 's just 3 pre-filled suppositories; no wipes or itch relief cream included. I purchased after 2 days of intense itching and throbbing and I just used Day 1 about 10 minutes ago. I currently do not feel any pain nor itching and I am extremely sensitive to any body washes or laundry detergents. I 'll give an update tomorrow on if I made it through the night, I 'm not going to lie the reviews had me completely terrified but I couldn 't take the itching or throbbing anymore so I decided to try it out. Wish me luck, so far I feel fine
This medication worked the best of any antipsychotic for my delusions and paranoia - but the side effects were basically unbearable - Akathisia was sometimes so bad I wanted to have my legs amputated.
Acts very quickly and definitely feel the calming effect. The only downsides is that it doesn 't last very long (2-3 hrs max, maybe even less) and you quickly build up a tolerance for it so you end up having to take much more the more you use it.
Humira has literally been a miracle drug for me. I started a little over a month ago with the spring-loaded self-injecting pen. My Psoriatic Arthritis manifests similarly to Ankylosing Spondylitis and it usually takes me several hours in the morning to get ready. I also had psoriasis covering my scalp since I was 15 or so. Notice I said &quot;had&quot;. My psoriasis is almost entirely gone, and I get up in the morning the same as any other person. I also had a pronounced stoop forward, and my girlfriend was in tears of joy last night after we both noticed I was standing almost completely straight.
Used this religiously every night for a week. My acne is mostly concentrated on my cheeks and a bit on my forehead, so anyway my forehead completely cleared and there 's definitely an improvement on my cheeks!  So glad. I wish I knew before hand. Tried so many things I shouldn 't have.
I 'm on my second month of Nuvaring. So far everything has been great! No mood swings, no lack of sex drive. Ive noticed it does create extra discharge, which makes for some extra noises during sex... but we just laugh it off. It has never come out either. Sometimes it does slide down and that can get annoying. I push it back up as far as I can but it doesn 't help. It shifts on its own and then I don 't feel it anymore. It 's weird but not prolonged so it doesn 't bother me. Other than those two things I love it. It 's convenient and easy to insert and remove. I have an app on my phone to track the dates. It works for me.
Had to switch to Trulicity when Ins. wouldn 't cover Bydureon. T. shot is much easier to use. Lost a few lbs due to nausea. I have stomach pains, gas, constipation, headches bloating &amp; full feeling. My body just aches. I take water aerobics 4 nights a week. Consider myself very active &amp; this has slowed me down in class. Am more tired &amp; really dread having to mow the yard. I did lose about 8-10 lbs. It didn 't stop me from wanting sweets or eating. I have been able to back off Novolog completely &amp; cut my Levemir down 10 unit. I take Metformin &amp; Glimperide. My a1c down to 5.9. Had extremely low readings (40 's-60 's) &amp; dr wants me to bring numbers up now! I will continue to use because it works for sugar but it is rough on the rest of me.
I started Contrave yesterday and the only side effect I am experiencing is constant gas. I have cut my calories and will start walking on the treadmill tonight so, we will see.
I had surgery and was told beforehand that I would experience constipation for 2-3 days afterwards. Five days later and I had gotten no relief. I had tried oral laxatives, prune juice, I drank plenty of water and ate tons of fruit. It eventually got unbearable and I had the most horrible cramps. I tried the Fleet Saline Enema for the first time and got immediate relief. I was initially thrilled with the results, however throughout the day and night I experienced some stomach spasms and diarrhea. They weren 't terrible and were definitely not as bad as the constipation cramps and bloating. Just be aware it is a possibility before taking it. All in all I am very pleased with the Fleet Saline Enema.
I was not sure about taking this.     But. It works. It 's the only med that has worked for.me.ThanksCM2015
This is my second time using the Benzamycin gel. I would have to say that while it worked great when used properly, it did not get rid of my acne for good. It took about a month to start to see real results. The results lasted for about 1-2 months after I stopped taking the medication. Sadly my acne slowly started returning. I am now waiting to see a dermatologist to start Accutane.
Well I got mine inserted in July. It 's now September 6 and I been bleeding since not all days are heavy most spotting. This is a bit annoying for me. I was on Depo for 2yrs and it stop my period completely. The implant is ok it 's just this spotting everyday want to drive me crazy. No mood swings etc.
I was on Paxil for a month.  I noticed a significant difference the first two weeks and then went back to my usual, on edge self, after that.  Now, I 'm trying Celexa.  I know I need to take something. I 'm just not sure which one it is. My doctor brought up Viibryd at my doctor 's visit. 
I 've been on Belviq for about a week now. I take it at 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. I have ZERO side effects and am almost concerned maybe it just doesn 't take to me. As far as hunger, I almost feel like I 'm eating less during the day but when night hits (even after my second pill) I feel so hungry. Like insatiably hungry. So I drink a bottle or 2 of water and I still really want something to eat. No weight loss yet, praying I don 't gain even more. I 'm almost 5 '7 and I weigh 230 lbs. I have been more active and concious of my food choices. I will update soon!
I 've been on 5 different birth control 's, and this was the only one that my body accepted! No spotting after the 2nd month, period only lasts 3 days, it 's really great. I just wish it was cheaper.
Like others, I suffered for over a year with dibillitating neck pain. I tried everything...injections, acupuncture, manipulation, acupressure, traction, heat, cold, pain relievers, etc. Not until I was at the brink of surgery did a new doctor ask me if I had tried Prednisone. Finally, relief! Doing my second round now.
Daily drinking for 20 years, been prescribed Campral 2 weeks ago. Don 't know how this works but it does, no cravings. Did buy a bottle of wine after being on for a week but there was simply no pleasurable feeling, might as well be drinking water. Long way to go but maybe I might have just found something to help get my kids back.
Side effects: Dry mouth, anxiety (if used when tired), euphoria, hyperfocus (when dose too high)Adderall allows me to concentrate and study for a reasonable amount of time while also offering flexibility on when I use it; both XR and short-release are quick in-and-out drugs, unlike SSRIs. My performance improved dramatically with use of Adderall, but there were definitely a few cons.Hyperfocus is a huge problem that alluded me for a few months. Because Adderall affects the brain, it distorts the user 's reality. I felt that I was getting a lot done, and it wasn 't until my colleagues at work told me that I was garbage at multitasking that I realized my dose was too high. Beware of this. Focus =/= productivity
Overall, this is great for preventing motion sickness. I used it for a 5 day cruise and I didn 't not get sick. I give this an 8 because it came with some pretty annoying side effects: severe cotton mouth, occasional drowsiness, and really blurred vision.
I used Monistat 1 because of my yeast infection. I have only had one other YI in life. I inserted it and used the cool wipes and cream it can with. I woke up in the night itching and burning around my vulva and inside my vagina. I was going crazy. I thought maybe an allergic reaction. So naturally, I started googling. So many women stated that they had gone thru the same. I found relief in taking a hot shower and then rinsing my vagina with cool water to get any and everything off my labia. Then I applied a healthy amount of coconut oil all over my vagina. I even tried inserting some coconut oil inside (well as much as I could because it 's melty) my vagina feels much better, but still swollen.
Ok. So my rating has is based on nothing yet but just wanted to reassure new users because there is a lot of talk about the negative side effects day 1 on belviq....no headache I feel just fine aside from being slightly tires. Can 't wait to see if it works
Multiple Bilateral P.E 's at the age of 33. Needed a  medicine for life. Tried clexene,  couldn 't face a needle daily that would create scar tissue beneath the surface. Warfarin was impractical due to weekly Dr. Visits to check INR, coupled with my yo yo ing INR. Having to duck out of work for weekly bloods was a pain. Rivoroxyban was next in the list, hair loss kicked in 3 months in. I also read an article highlighting the fact that people suffer for taking it at the rate of one life a week. I have settled for the last option available - Apixaban.  3 months in, hair loss returns. It 's due to the blood not reaching the hair follicles apparently?  This creates a really dry scalp and hair loss. Still it keeps me alive.
Have used Z-pack before with much success. Usually feel better by day 3. But this time chills, aches and coughing seem to be coming back on day 4. Feel a little woozy and weak but the meds make me not mind. Still feel better than I did before I started taking it. This is also my 3rd occasion to take the Z-pack in the last 2 years so I hope I 'm not building up a resistance to it.
I had Skyla inserted 9/18/15. Never have I ever been pregnant.  I was 26 at the time of insertion. Insertion was VERY painful.  While the insertion was painful it lasted only 2-3 mins. I had slight pain for 3 days with MAJOR bloating.  I spotted every day for 8 months. It was enough I had to wear a panty liner. Eventually spotting stopped. My periods are irregular, when I did get one I would bleed for 15-20 days. It was always dark, thick tissue that I bled. I had severe cramps not only on my period but randomly. Severe 8/10 pain. I just had the device removed 11/30/17. While it did prevent pregnancy and I had minimal side effects. The prolonged bleeding, the pain, and unpredictability of getting my period made me choose to remove it.
I have been taking Zyrtec for about 2 years for hayfever. I have noticed that it doesn 't seem to be working as well for my symptoms as it did at first. I stopped taking it 3 days ago and now I am experiencing severe itching on my hands and feet.
It 's been about 1 month since I got Nexplanon&amp; I notice that my hair is thinning out. My head in the front is starting to go bald. I don 't dye my hair or add any chemical to it or even use irons. I 'm thinking about removing it.
Had fibromyalgia for 17 years was just diagnosed, been bed bound, house bound, chronic pain. Started this 5 days ago, by 4th day feel energetic, happy, pain reduced, fatigue reduced and I 'm at last sleeping! Miracles do happen. First hour after taking little dizzy, nauseous but after that... Good to go!
Reduces the pain in my feet and legs due to diabetic neuropathy. Been on it for a little over one year.
I have been on Portia for over 2 years. It is effective in reducing cramps and lightening my period, but I am overly emotional all of the time. The slightest thing will set me off into a crying frenzy. I have also experienced heartburn/acid reflex problems. Getting off of this pill after reading all of these reviews. I guess I 'm not alone in this.
I 've been on many birth control pills as I am 35 years old. I had the least side effects with this one. No mood swings, no break through bleeding, and no nausea. My doctor told me that this brand is no longer available. I hope this is not true. I am researching now.
Prozac saved my life!!! I struggled with bulimia for years and now I can finally say I rarely even think of binging n purging! It is the ultimate freedom....I can honestly say if it wasn 't for this medication I would have died. I have so much faith in this medication!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I use Ambien CR 12.5mg (strongest), and I still wake up at 3am.  Can 't take another Ambien. To avoid any risk associated with driving to work and then dealing with the drowsiness while at work, my doctor put me on Sonata.  Even if I wake up at 3 or 4, I am able to enjoy the rest of my night in restful sleep with no morning drowsiness at all.  
I have been taking 5 mg 1x daily in the am of Brintellix. This dosage has knocked out my depressive symptoms very effectively, but my anxiety is unchanged. My doctor is going to have me try clonazepam for the anxiety issues, but I am really pleased with what Brintellix has done for my depression. In a little over a year, I have weaned off of paroxetine and tried fluoxetine, duloxetine, bupropion, and they have had varied undesirable side effects. The whole time I 've also been taking trazodone for problems sleeping. I look forward to seeing how the clonazepam will work with the Brintellix.
Works GREAT for my bipolar also! I have been looking for a medicine to do that for 25 years!
I 've been on Paxil for about 6 months now. It helps a lot with anxiety, although it isn 't gone completely. I honestly feel like the longer I take it, the more it helps. Even after 6 months I still think my anxiety is improving. I tried Buspirone before Paxil and it made me feel too uncomfortable to continue taking. Pros:Haven 't had a Panic Attack in a long time, anxiety is about 90% betterCons:Constipation, harder to orgasm, (These started out bad and slowly seem to be getting better). I 've gained about 5 lbs so far but my appetite has really picked up. I will probably end up gaining more. Lots of reviews say it is very hard to quit. I have not tried to quit yet.
The first month on this BC was brutal. I had all the side effects except irregular bleeding and my hair falling out. After the first month all of my symptoms subsided. Remember that everyone 's body will react differently. Occasionally I have breast tenderness during the third week of the active pills right before my period. My periods have became so light. The only disadvantage for me is that my periods have not became shorter. But all in all, my experience has been good.
This medicine has worked well for me. I love it, except that I get really hyper.
Ive had a history abusing Adderall here and there due to my addictive nature so being prescribed this medicine raised concerns between my family and doctor. Because of my horrible ADHD we decided to give it a chance and its nothing compared to the  'kick in the nuts ' Adderall is known for. My grades have improved in school, my mood is slightly elevated and my cavings for sugar have ceased. It has not affected my sleep and so far works great. This is my experience and everyone reacts differently. I highly suggest this medication for anyone like me who has ADHD and possible addiction issues. Its rate of abuse is very slim because it seems to  'ceiling ' like Suboxone for opiate addicts. Lets go build some robots!
I have Rhuematoid Arthritis so I have joint and tendon pain just about everywhere but mainly in hands, wrists, forearms, legs and feet. I have been on Oxy ER 80mg 2x day and was still not getting full relief (4 out of 10) and having difficulty remembering. Doctor added Lyrica 75mg 2x day three months ago and the day after I felt euphoric. I felt no pain! After one week some pain came back but no peaks as before. Some weight gain. Want to get off of Oxy and try Lyrica or other non-narcotic drugs.
I began having simple partial seizures in my adolescent years, not knowing that they were actually a type of seizure but rather a result of lack of sleep and stress. I had two seizures in the last fifteen months and was terrified of ever having one again. So I started taking Keppra at 750mg twice a day and have not had a grand mal or simple partial seizure since, which is a big plus. Was drowsy and slept a lot the first couple of weeks but now I 'm back to normal. The only major downside is the extreme mood swings; I was always a happy girl and found joy in everything but now I can barely go a day without something upsetting, deeply upsetting or angering me. Hoping to overcome this eventually; I guess it 's the price I pay to be seizure-free.
I have been type 2 diabetic for 52 years.  I am now 70 years old.  My internist started me on this medication a few weeks ago.  Pain of neuropathy disappeared within a day or two. I also feel that the extreme numbness in my feet has diminished a bit.  Thank goodness for gaba.  Very happy.
I have been on Effexor XR for 8 years. I was on 75mg once a day for the first 8 following my first year of college. A couple months ago I started exhibiting symptoms of panic disorder again, very severely. I was upped to 150mg once a day, seemed fine for a couple weeks, but upped again to 187.5mg once a day since I was still having panic attacks. Generally I feel like it is working - I know that there are some people on much higher dosages, and it is just a matter of finding your right dosage.
I was prescribed to take the medication for sinus, inner ear, and chest infection. It made me terribly sick, so I stopped taking it. I know you 're not supposed to stop and start, but I did three times. The most recent was after a medic on the set told me to eat yogurt and the sickness would subside. He said it was something in the bioflavins that helped with the nausea. My entire body felt great once I stayed on the medication as prescribed. Take care!
I almost backed out of getting Implanon because I was so intimidated by the negative reviews. While this birth control isn 't perfect, I love it. I haven 't had ANY negative mood swings, any weight gain, any acne or food cravings. The only down side is that my period is kind of a pain. I spot for about 2 weeks, have 1 week of a normal period, and then am off for 3-4 weeks. For the first 6 months it was extremely sporatic and almost non-stop. But now it is pretty regular just long. A small price to pay for birth control that is foolproof and effective, and doesn 't require me to actually remember to take it. 
The first time I tried this my tumor shrunk by half in 3 months.  I had to stop due to the extreme side effects.  Just restarted at a lower dose and there are still some wicked side effects.  However with the results I 've had I 'll tough it out and keep hoping for the best.
I would rate the effectiveness of this medication pretty high. I took this medication about 12 years ago but it seems to be working better this go round. I feel more cheerful, am sleeping a little better and the best part is less anxiety which was severe. I 'm super happy about the decrease in anxiety I 've experienced. I 'm probably going to ask for  an increase in dosage. I 'm currently on 20 mg. I wish you well to those of you who are just beginning this medication.
This is the most amazing drug ever invented. It makes all my worries and pains be free like a bird.
Started taking trazodone as an aid to sleep, since I was upping my alprazolam to try and fall asleep, and didn 't want to keep upping it (I take 1.5 mg/day). Have had trouble falling and staying asleep since I was young. Also take 40 mg citalopram for depression. Trazodone works great for me at 25 mg, taken ~30 minutes or so before sleeping, along with 0.5-1 mg alprazolam. Does have a dizzying effect, so I never take it unless I know I 'm going to bed. Anything over 25 mg for me causes a hangover the next day (fogginess, tiredness), but I am petite. But it works wonders to calm a racing mind and get me to sleep and wake up feeling refreshed on 25 mg. Haven 't experience other side effects, while taking mostly every day for ~ 2 years.
I got Liletta in February. The insertion hurt a little but not too bad and it only lasted a couple minutes (I took ibuprofen 20 minutes before). I was not on my period when I had it inserted. I only had cramping for like 20 minutes after and it was just in my legs. My first period after getting the IUD lasted for a little over 3 weeks and would switch between spotting and heavy bleeding. Since then, my period comes on the same day every month and is very light (fingers crossed it just goes away). I usually can get away with just wearing a liner. I do get leg cramps every time I have a period now though. Usually ibuprofen will make them go away. I haven 't had weight gain or acne but I am super emotional now. More than I 've ever been.
Works well for managing blood pressure with no noticeable side effects. It is expensive compared to generics though. Current price with insurance discount is about $57.
So far my symptoms have been much less than the pills I 've tried. In the first week in experienced much more frequent urination which soon improved, I think my body was getting used to the sensational something pressing against my bladder. I also experienced breast tenderness mid cycle and have thrush now which may not be related to the Nuvaring but rather to too much loving over the weekend. I 'm really happy with Nuvaring. I also take it out when having sex as leaving it in can be a bit uncomfortable for both of us and I always get a slightly brown discharge afterwards when I leave it in, I assume this is from bleeding due to the rubbing of the ring during sex.
In my 80s, A-Fib diagnosed 18 years ago. Tried all the drugs at the time to correct it including going through Cardiac-Ablation w/o anesthesia (sedation did not help much). Nothing worked. On Coumadin until 2 years go - didn 't like the limitations on food intake due to Vit.K avoidance- switched to Eliquis. Very happy with it. Possibly contributes to constipation like other Rx I take, but can 't blame Eliquis. No other apparent side effects. Glad to longer take  'rat poison ', which my son always reminded me I 'd been taking and enjoying green vegetables again.
This has helped my prostate issues for for 3 years now - no side effects.
I had been on Tri-Sprintec for a year and a half after switching from Ortho Tri-cyclen Lo because of the cost.  I only had to stop taking it because after all of this time I started having bad breakthrough bleeding. I couldn 't  believe it after over a year!  I did experience weight gain and an increase in appetite earlier, but it went away after the first couple of months.  Overall I really liked Tri-Sprintec until the last two months.
I have been using this pill for almost a year. I am 28 and have had cystic acne the last couple years. My topical prescription wasn 't working as well anymore so I decided to try birth control along with it. This has kept my cystic acne to about 1 pustule a month, which is a huge improvement. Although I have been using this and a topical medicine for my acne, it hasn 't stopped the occasional breakout on my back. It 's frustrating that it 's not perfect but it 's doing it 's job. I also recently got married and am not pregnant! So it 's doing 2 jobs.
Chantix has been a great tool for me. My side effects at first consisted of ten minutes of nausea after taking the pill and wacky dreams. I learned that slamming about 8 oz of water, then swallowing the pill, followed by another 8 oz of water eliminates the nausea. I still got the dreams.
I am 33 years old and started taking BeYaz. I had very light periods, (which was nice) but I started to get horrible acne, and nausea. I spoke with my doctor, and she said the estrogen levels where too high, so she switched me to Sprintec. The acne is completely gone, and so is the nausea. She also recommended taking it at night, (to help with nausea) and it worked.I have a heavier period now than I did on BeYaz, but that is much better than nausea and zits!I highly recommend Sprintec.
I have been on Risperdal Costa for over two years now and find it to be a life saver. I feel like I have my life back in order and my mind back in order. The only side effects I have experienced are decreased sex drive and weight gain.
On it 9 weeks. Helps the rheumatoid arthritis, but I 'm going bald very fast. Eliminated other DMARDs to confirm it is in fact the Enbrel. I can not lose all my hair, so I 'm quitting it. It began falling out in clumps within the first week of shot #1. Too bad. Got the Enbrel card and it covered the cost.
Didn 't notice at first but over time definitely saw an improvement with back pain.
It makes me feel full and a bit depressed...but I do enjoy doing all my work and making good grades.
No side effects and back to work in a couple of days. Using voltaren and some intense home treatment reduced swelling and pain dramatically. When taking this drug the faster you get moving the better it works so don 't sit around hoping for miracles.
I was hesitant to try Chateal. Or any birth control really. In the past I have them to make my moods feel out of control and weight to fluctuate. Due to PCOS, I needed to take this. HOWEVER, I am starting my second month on this. So far the only side effects I have noticed are my breasts are swollen (like 2 cups larger) and tender. I had a headache the first week after I took it (I took it in evening to avoid any potential sickness) but the headaches went away after the first week. I do not notice any particular mood swings or weight gain.  Am also not pregnant which is great. I would recommend Chateal based on my current results.
Felt it start to open my lungs after the first dose. Oh but how dizzy and nauseated I felt. Side effects wear down towards the end of the day (about 10pm...I take the pill at about 9am).  Powerful medicine, QUICK results, pretty strong side effects.
The pill normally works but you have to know the second time that you take it you will have a lot more side effects. I just took it the second time a week ago and I 'm still feeling sick from it and I 've had bleeding for about a week now. I do believe it worked because how much I 've bleed. But the side effects are really bad!
On Glyxambi for a month now, and fasting sugars are definitely lower. No weight loss though. Have experienced some minor joint pain and increased urination.
Just wanted to say that this product worked for me. I waited about 24 hours after I had intercourse so I was worried it wouldn 't work because it says the sooner the better. I had mild cramps &amp; my breasts were pretty sore, nothing too intense though. My period came this morning, which is just a couple days off from when I usually start so yeah I 'm very relieved. Best advice I can give is to try your very best not to get overly stressed, that never helps.
I 'm French and am 28 years old. I had my first seizure in 2009. My neurologist gave me Lamotrigine for 2 years, from 100mg daily at the beginning to 400mg at the end. The frequency of seizures has been reduced but I still had some.I arrived in USA in 2011 and my new neurologist prescribed me Keppra because I wanted to have a new medication, more efficient. I take 500mg twice daily. I don 't have any seizure since I started this medication, so more than one year now.I 'm very satisfied so far, but of course I have side effects and it 's sometimes very difficult to deal with. I 'm very tired all day long, I need to sleep at least 8 hours every night. I 'm like bipolar, sometimes euphoric, sometimes very depressed.I 'm a different person now.
I 'm 15 and started using this around January 2013. I had mostly acne on my forehead no where else. It cleared it up really well and I had clear skin for about 3 months. Then summer started and my hormones started acting up and I brokeout a ton on my cheeks and sort of on my forehead. I know it 's not Veltins fault, but I am taking minocycline pills with the Veltin now. All I have to say is VELTIN IS GREAT, don 't stop using it. It also cleared up my back acne.
I 've been on fluoxetine 5weeks@ 20mg &amp; additional 1week combo with apripazole 5mg. I 've been diagnosed with major depression and BPD.  I have flu like symptoms and restlessness. don 't feel much improvement before or after combining apripazole except I am very chilled and calm sometimes too calm.  I no longer have insane panic attacks or think too much over everything. I hate the crazy dreams and insomnia but love getting out of bed feeling like I can run a marathon-due to fluoxetine.  The apripozole helps with appetite which is non existent and helps boost fluoxetine. How much longer need to wait for the side effects to diminish as the restlessness is getting v.distressing
Brain damaged/ developmental delay: I have a 5 year old who has been on Intuniv for 6 months after other medicine did not work. On Intuniv she is no longer up all night, aggressive at school and able to concentrate on her school work (she has been in school since age 3 in special education). I only wish the company would lower the  'age ' on the medication so it would be covered under her adoption assistance Medicaid, its expensive at $153.00 a month.
This medicine has been a life changer for me. I 've tried absolutely everything and this is the only thing that controls loose stools &amp; diarrhea without making me constipated.  It has honestly been a miracle especially because I work and travel a lot and that was always so stressful - I wouldn 't eat for long periods of time because I was so scared of an accident. I would give it a ten but it 's expensive; luckily there are savings programs you can find - and that 's well worth it - or it 's over 1,000 a month and I am not sure how anyone could afford that!
I had my Mirena inserted exactly a year ago at the age of 56. Now 57 and still no menopause in sight. In fact I just got my period today. Granted its lighter than it was before Mirena but out of the last year, I have at least spotted almost every day. June was a good month for me with my first skipped period and no spotting. July one day of spotting. Went for my Pap smear in August, told my GYN that it looks like maybe this thing is finally working, started spotting that night and never stopped for the entire last month. I give up. I do give Mirena a 7 though because my periods are lighter, albeit right on time every month, unfortunately. I will keep it inserted as it is now about what I know.
I 'm 17, female and am on 400mg of trazodone now. I used to take 100mg in the morning for my anxiety but it made me more tired in the mornings. That 's the only side effect I have had. I 'm not on 350mg at night to help with my insomnia and 50mg in the morning to help with anxieties. It helps with sleep and anxieties but not with my depression unfortunately.
When I run out of sumatriptan, 50 mg of indomethacin,  a caffeine tab, ice pack and a rest gives almost complete relief in a couple hours.  Much less expensive than sumatriptan. $7 co-pay for 120 which treats 60 headaches vs $7 copay for 9 sumatriptan which treats 9 headaches.  Sumatriptan is faster but doesn 't give the added relief to my arthritis. Can 't take indomethacin if you haven 't eaten or can 't eat.
I come from  longggg longggg line of a very overweight family. Besides one cousin I 'm the only one that never became morbidly obese, but I 've found I 've severely struggled since my 20 's to keep weight off, especially because I binge eat, &amp; I even sleep walk &amp; binge when I do ! It 's like your brain just doesn 't seem to register that your full. My stomach can be really growling after I 've had an entire pizza pie to myself ! Last week I did this until I was sick to my stomach. The next day what do I do? I just get up and eat more pizza! This particular behavior seems to run in my family. My doctor finally put me on Vyvanse 30mg starting. 2 days in. Feeling overall more alert, and not food obsessed completely...so not sure yetttttt.
I could fall asleep, but it only lasted for 6 hours.  But it works.
I feel better after taking this medicine for 5 days. I am experiencing some dizziness and lack of appetite. I 'm not feeling as much improvement as I hoped I would by this time. Sleeping well still and no hyperactivity. I do notice lots of tenderness in my Achilles tendons on both sides. We will see after 5 more days. I got the medicine for bronchitis 500 mg for 10 days.
Works good just wish it would last longer. I got them after getting tendons cut in my fingers.
I have been taking Lutera for about 3 months now it has been much better than any previous birth control pills I have taken. Some side effects that I have noticed are enlarged and tender breast and decrease in sex drive. I have also noticed that I am a lot more emotional than usually. I have not really gained any weight, which is one of the main reasons my doctor put me on this pill. The pills I have taken in the past made me gain massive amounts of weight and then I would get super depressed, but not on Lutera. I have set an alarm on my phone to help me remember to take it everyday at the same time and its no problem. Overall, I am pretty satisfied with Lutera.
On this medication for the past 4 months. Still unable to sleep at night, hot flashes, but a lot nicer than the other medication I was on. The only side effect that I can deal with is the muscle pain that it causes in my legs. I also notice my skin being oily and breakouts on my face.
I started Viibryd -- 20 mg/day -- over a year ago, when going thru a prolonged low. Like alot of folks, I 've tried many different things in 20+ years, gone thru the rollercoaster of titrating on, titrating off, having stuff work then stop working, etc. To my surprise, Viibryd has helped -- though the diarrhea and so forth were super annoying at first (then gradually abated). Unlike most anti-depressants, I could feel an effect within first week or two, even titrating very gradually.I recently went up to 40/mg. Mood brighter, helps clear up the brain fog. Various effects on body: deeper sleep, intense dreams, increased sex drive (almost annoying), as well as GI stuff. So far, so good
I thought this was a spectacular medicine, very quick acting engorged lymph nodes were reduced within about 7 days. I am now in remission and doing maintenance.
I just started taking this medicine.  I have been taking Hydrocodone with acetaminophen for pain since 2003 but recently discovered that there exists a variation with a medicine that would address inflammation in addition for pain and wondered why, for all these years no one suggested I take that variant.  I specifically asked for it because I have inflammation.  I take it because I have debilitating pain in my lumbar-sacral spine, in my left parietal brain, and I have IC.  I also have triple major scoliosis and major depression. 
I had cellulititis and the swelling in my foot went down significantly in about two days.
I am 73 and have an enlarged prostate (x2), taking Finasteride, and have tried Flowmax and Alfuzosin.  The main side effect that is driving me crazy is Hyperacusis.  My doctor switched me to Silodosin and as usual it helped in all expected ways but still the Hyperacusis comes back.  Loud noises make me extremely nervous and it is difficult to be around people.  I may have to have the TURP surgery as I can not tolerate the side effects, especially the Hyperacusis.No one seems to have this particular problem but people as I do experience the throat and nasal symptoms. I can tolerate the dry ejaculations but not the others. I am considering going to a 4 mg dose.  It does provide adequate flow.
This drug makes me so lethargic I can 't drive for fear of falling asleep at the wheel. I can barely get out of bed. This got worst when my MD upped the dose to 1.8, I think maybe I should go back a dose. I lose 5lbs in 4 weeks, but I haven 't decided its worth since I am so fatigued I can 't function on a normal level. Most days I can 't even get out of my pajamas but it is the only sympton I have experienced. My MD said he had not heard this complaint from any other patient.
Within 20 mins my nose was clear and my cough had subsided. On the other hand you have to drink plenty of water to keep from getting too dry and my heart was racing which wasn 't to bad. All in all did the job.
Effective but on the slightly week side.
I have not been on the medicine for long enough to truly know what kind of difference it is going to make on my life.  So far I am almost completely pleased with the results.  One of the major consequences of my particular type of OCD is that is isolation and avoidance.  On Rilutek I 'm more willing to confront my fears/phobias/triggers and generally I seem to be less stressed in those situations.  My mind also seems to work better in that the thing I 'm afraid of does not seem so real.  Rilutek is an add on to my other prescription medicines.  In the last year I have made more progress with medication than I have in the previous 4 together.
I had terrible hot flashes so my doctor prescribed Venlafaxine 37.5mg. They worked great for about a year and a half until about one month ago. I 'm again having hot flashes so I don 't know if increasing the amount will help but I need a solution. I think there has been some change in my hormone levels which is causing the problem.
I started using Percocet approximately nine months ago &amp; for the first time in many years I was relatively pain free &amp; could function again. I had no side effects, was alert and never groggy. My dosage was gradually increased from 5/325 to 10. (23 years ago I ruptured a disk at C4/C5 causing debilitating occipital headaches and neck pain. I now have chronic cervical &amp; lumbar pain due to degenerative disk disease &amp; other issues.)  The only problem I found with Percocet was  that it would work for about 1-2 hours and then the pain would return with four hours before my next dosage. Last week I was switched to 10 mg. Opana and once it got in my system, I can go for at least 4 hours relatively pain free. Still need a long lasting medication.
Hello, have been taking this medicine for 5 days for Cellulitis that developed on my leg below the knee. I had waited 7 days prior to seeking treatment. First three days after getting an injection type not known, thick solution and needle and taking Bactrim and Cephalexin showed little signs of improvement, 4 days showed signs of reduced swelling, 5th day swelling all but gone, reduced redness and warmth at sight. 6th day redness reduced greatly and leg feels normal. However, Side effects extreme fatigue, nausea, dry mouth, overall ill feeling. Overall benefits out way side effects.
Before I started my treatment with Pylera I read the reviews; quite honestly I was terrified and almost did not take the medicine out of fear of experience these side effects. My experience with Pylera: I am on my 6th day and I have not experienced anything besides a slight headache in the morning that goes away as soon as I drink water. My symptoms have almost gone away entirely, and I feel much better. It is a pain in rear to have to take 14 pills a day and not be able to drink alcohol and milk products (both my favorite) but if it is the price for making this feeling of having a wet sock in my chest, I will gladly pay it.
Crohns Disease 10 years - just started it as needed recently. Has saved me several from having to go to the ER. Slows my bowels so I don 't have loose stools while traveling. Works quickly. Little to no side effects - 10mg
I am a 360 pound male with borderline type 2 diabetes numbers and no high blood pressure.  Kidneys and liver in great shape.  Doctor helped me with the first dose on a Friday morning, she walked me through the instructions and injected in my belly.  The next morning I was full, no appetite, lethargic, burping rotten eggs, and even got sick (very rare for me).  This continued all day andI had to force myself to eat something that night.  It is day 3 - sour stomach milder, so so sleep, no appetite, less lethargy but still kind of drained.  No bump on my stomach from injection.  To be continued.....
I was so excited to try Seasonique and have only 4 periods a year.  I 've been on it for a year now and during the first few months I felt great and didn 't notice any side effects.  As of the last couple of months I 've noticed some unexplained weight gain and my face is breaking out.  I 've never had acne before and I exercise so I can only guess its the hormones.  On the bright side, my horrible cramps have disappeared and my period only lasts a couple of days, although they have been somewhat heavy.  I haven 't decided if I 'm going to try another method and see if these side effects go away.
My review of Cymbalta is the same as my review of Lyrica.  Helps at first then benefits begin to diminish. My trial of Cymbalta lasted for 2 years.
I was on Vyvance for just under 1 year.  It worked really well.  However as the year went on my mouth got dryer and dryer, until I could only eat soft foods.  I talked to the Doctor and I went off them in the middle of January.   About 3 weeks ago I started a new med called AdderallXR and I can feel my mouth is starting to dry but not like the Vyvance.  While in the USA I found some mini &quot;brush on the go&quot; toothbrushes made by Colgate, called Wisp Max Fresh.  With dryness my teeth always feel like I have a film on them.  Today I used one of the brushes and and it really made my teeth and the dryness feel better.  No  need for water or rinsing.  Maybe I can cut down on the gum and candy. We 'll see!
Was first diagnosed with severed emphysema a year ago. Was put on Breo 200/25. It worked great in giving me the ability to breath comfortably. Two months later I had bronchitis that turned into pneumonia and a mild heart attack. After test doctors decided the heart attack was a fluke brought on by being so sick that it put a strain on my heart. While in the hospital they had me on two inhalers, nebulizer every 4 hrs and oxygen 24/7. Which I had to use when I was released. After a week home I went back on the Breo. Within a week I was off the oxygen and able to stop using the rescue inhaler and nebulizer. Four months later I moved and went to a new doctor. He diagnosed me with severe asthma. Now have side effects of anxiety, not sleeping wel
Been using for 2 years.  Overall, it does what it 's supposed to. At 52 I was just feeling out of it.  Tired all the time, loss of energy, spare tyre weight gain, and some erectile dysfunction.  Tested at 278.  Started with shots, and AndroGel combined, then just AndroGel for the last year.  The shots were far more effective, and cheaper, but my T levels would go way up then way down before the next shot.  The gel keeps it steady.  I have lost a lot of waist line, don 't need naps anymore, and sex life is back to what it was in my 30s.
Started two days ago, so far fo good.  Would like to hear from those who have been on Victoza for 3 months or more.  Thanks
I 've  been taking it  - 10 mg - once a day, usually at night. It has definitely helped lower my blood pressure. But I 've developed an annoying cough. Can 't seem to take a deep breath in. I 'll get checked out by my doctor - maybe try something else that doesn 't cause coughing.
I was on this pill for a year and am now going off because my doctor suggested a switch. The pill caused slight irrational emotions, but were fairly manageable (I would find myself starting to tear up over insignificant things fairly frequently) The pill did not effect sex drive, yet the periods were irritating. There was no cramping and they were light, which is a plus. The negative aspect was even though the periods were light they would last a while (7-10 days) and it seemed once every three months I would get 2 periods in one month. The periods would hardly ever come when the packet predicted, yet the pills did their job. I experienced no weight gain, no improvement or worsening of acne break outs, and obviously no pregnancy.
I was recently in the hospital for a panic attack, and everyday since I 've had high anxiety. I was given this that night and it helped me cope, but I would always go to sleep when I took one. After a month I got put on sertraline (still waiting to see a difference), and the night anxiety got worse. So I take this when I feel I wont be able to talk myself out of a panic attack.
Zofran is great for nausea, but watch out for the constipation. I was prescribed 15 8mg tablets last week and have used one tablet a day since then (about 5 days now) and after waiting, walking, drinking copious amounts of water, I am going to need to try a suppository, or laxative, and have my dosage of zofran decreased to 4 mg. Great medication, it DOES give me nausea relief, just something to be prepared for, I know I wasn 't.
I 've been on depo since I was 13, I 'm now 34. It has worked wonderfully for me and I don 't really have any serious complaints. But a couple years ago, I started spotting out of the blue! I 've never had that issue before, as my periods had completely stopped. Not sure if it is normal or not, but it 's extremely painful and there is no way to track it or plan for it.
My doctor gave me Flomax to help get rid of urinary obstruction issues, the cause of which and exact reason for are still unknown. Am mostly writing to describe one of its more surprising side effects. 3 Weeks into the drug I start having very vivid and horrible dreams, every single night. Extremely bizarre dream scenarios, some sexual in nature but with a very twisted angle, some gore, some psychological, lucid dreams that make me feel like am having a schizophrenic breakdown in real life. Its fairly insane, and happening so regularely that I have no question its a side effect of the drug. Just wanted to warn people. If you are currently writing a screenplay for a horror film and are having writers block, this is the drug for you.
This is my first birth control pill I 've ever been on so I don 't have anything to compare it to but I am 16 years old and have 11 day periods which are extremely heavy with terrible cramps, fatigue, and headaches. My gyn put me on this and everything was great for the first 3 weeks. I never had any breakthrough bleeding. I did have some slight cramps for the first week but they were nothing compared to what I 've been on. I am on the first day of the placebo and so far no bleeding but I do have awful cramps again which I thought the pill was supposed to take care of this. If this is the way my period is going to be every month I might ask my doctor about Seasonique so I only have to deal with this once every 3 months.
I was diagnosed with Hep C and chronic Cirrhosis stage 3 a day after my 62 Birthday. I have been in recovery from Alcohol and Drugs for over 32 years but was IV user in 1974. Total surprise and shocked. I felt fatigue this last year, had some discomfort in my stomach area and some nosebleeds as well as headaches. I have always been healthy and this was out of the ordinary for me. I have been on Epclusa for 6 weeks and feel so much better. Very minimal side effects of headache and joint pain as well as sweating specially when in direct sunlight. I am so pleased with this treatment and thankful every day when I take the medication. Co-pay of $5.00 is amazing.
I am a 49 year old female who was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I am taking Risperidone 2 mg a day with 75 mg of Effexor. I was severely depressed and suicidal everyday.  Lexapro made me extremely anxious and nervous. I think 75 mg of Effexor is helping a lot.  I am now not as depressed or suicidal. I am now regaining my energy and interest back. For everyone who struggle with depression/bipolar out there: don 't give up HOPE. Things will get better and you will recover. I believe that. Hang in there, seek help and know that I am rooting for your quick recovery. Best wishes to all of you.
I 've been a binge drinker on and off for about 4 years. This last binge lasted about 5 days around the clock. Going through withdrawal begins almost immediately for me if I don 't drink every hour or so. I get extreme anxiety, heart racing, minor shakes and can 't just settle down. My doctor gave me a Librium taper starting on 50mg every 6 hours day one and going down from there. I My experience with the first dose is that it did not do anything for me. I was still just as miserable. Once I took the second dose I was able to fall asleep. Today I 'm pretty anxious but it does that the edge of. It 's not a magic bullet that cures all withdrawal symptoms. Good luck!
This is not a medicine for someone like me with moderate acne. I am on my second pack and already I am braking out like crazy. And not small pimples at all. No other side effects, just that. But for me that 's enough. Guess my old pill really did keep my skin clear so even though I like the no period thing, I will have to change back.
I 've had chronic, unmanageable insomnia for almost 7 years. It took my life from me. I never thought it would reach the point where my doctor--who I no longer see--gave me HUGE amounts of medicine and put me in a mental hospital for 3 days! I found a sleep specialist who confirmed I am NOT CRAZY, he tried me on a few medicines that didn 't work--I was getting roughly 2-4 hours per night for YEARS--and finally, he tried this medicine. WOW. It 's not perfect because my illness iS an illness that I will struggle with for a long time, but I 've been getting better. My life was a disaster for so long that I cried every single day. Now, I 'm beginning to feel like myself again. I hope you all do too.
I started on 30mg a day for a month for fibromyalgia and had moderate pain relief along with and some mild side effects that faded after a few weeks (mostly trouble staying asleep). Then I bumped up to 60mg and it was extremely helpful with reducing my pain!! I was able to do things with energy and not crash so much at night! However, I 'm apparently one of the unlucky few who get really bad psychological effects from it. After 3 months of denying the increasing depression, I ended up being hospitalized for wanting to kill myself. Fortunately the psychiatrist who treated me recognized the importance of pain management and he has me on 30mg of Cymbalta again with an added dose of Lamictal (mood stabilizer) to combat the crazy. It helps.
My mother takes Lyrica for bulging disc pain - 450mg a day (150mg 3 times a day). Roughly she takes it every 6 hours. The pain relief is great, but sometimes struggles to get through those 6 hours before the next does. It has helped a lot.
Well just sharing my experience. I had unprotected sex so  I went and got the plan b pill 9 hours later. I didn 't eat anything I just took it then immediately I felt tired I took a nap. As a week or two weeks went by my stomach became very bloated and today I just got my period but still my breasts are bigger and my stomach is still very bloated. I haven 't had any severe side effects from it and this was my very first time taking it. I hope the bloating will go away soon bc basically it looks like I 'm pregnant but I have my period so maybe I 'll take a test later on in the month just to make sure. But the pill was pretty decent I didn 't get sick at all.
I didn 't even know I had a bladder infection, showed up in urine test. So I guess its working. I do feel tired after working out and exhausted later on in the day. On it for a week, twice a day 100 mg.
I 'm a woman who 's had IBS for 50 years. A male GI was no help&mdash;his notes said I was &quot;too concerned with my bowel movements&quot;. Apparently a skeptic about IBS. I saw a PA, who prescribed Amitiza. I took 24 mcg 2x daily more than a year, which worked well until I started having episodes of thin diarrhea without warning. I discontinued Amitiza and my bowels worked normally for a couple of months, but the old familiar constipation is back. I will try 24 mcg once a day. I have no idea if that will work, and realize that my PA would prefer monitoring me. However, I feel at this point that I have enough sense about my own body to make this decision myself. Just be aware: even if the drug works well, your response to it may change.
Was taking it for Bipolar, am also suffering from insomnia and this helped both very much!
I must admit, after reading the commens I was real scared, but I told my self everyone 's body reacts differently. May, 6/2014 I took my first shot so far I am feeling great. I was a bit drained before I took the shot, woke up feeling energetic.
I 've been using the ring for more than 3yrs.  It 's expensive but worth it to me because I no longer experience nausea, break through bleeding, or deal with having to take a pill every day. One personal drawback though, mine occasionally wants to slip out and having to reshape it and push it back in it gets to be a little annoying after a while.
I was able to breathe finally. I had always been out of breath. All day. When I started taking Symbicort, I could breathe. And I would 've been able to clean, and play with my kids, go for a walk, excercise. However, I stopped taking it. The side effects were horrible. I was angry, on edge. Worst constant headache ever! It wasn 't fair to my family. Waiting to find an alternative.
I had been bulimic, anorexic for 15 years. I tried in-patient/ out-patient programs in the best places in  Toronto, Canada .. and I did each 3-4 times. When I started Topamax, I could attend lunches at work and can honestly say I haven 't binged at work this year (I am a teacher). In previous years, I binged and purged, 3-4 times a day.I know socialize and have friends.I do admit though that the meds have made me very, very, tired. I sleep in until about 1 or 2 pm on the weekends which brothers me a lot but I think its a small price to pay for the huge changes I 've made.
Effective within 2 hrs. Ringing of ears stopped....congestion eased.taken 1 tablet thus far
I 've been on this pill for 9months now, my cramps are still present but not nearly as bad. The only downside is I have little to no sex drive. Not sure if its the pill or if its me.
I was given this medication after I gave birth to my daughter via Cesarean. I had eclampsia and seized on the table and then experienced respiratory failure when my lungs filled with fluid. I was in the MICU on this drug for 5 days. It was effective and I came out of it pretty quickly. My biggest side effect was weakness and extreme lethargy for several weeks after, although a part or whole of this could be contributed to the other medical things that were occurring at the same time.
Today was my first day on this medication (30mg). I am 27 year old female, diagnosed at 14 with ADHD. I was prescribes dexies when diagnosed and because of the strength of the narcotic, I wasn 't able to continue them and chose to find alternative ways to deal with my ADHD. As a full time university student and a single mother, I find it difficult to stay focused and keep up with my daily routine. I felt completely overwhelmed recently to the point I would procrastinate and nothing would get done. That in itself caused me anxiety. It was triggered because of that fact I am dealing with a custody battle and that issue has consumed my attention, and felt because of that I was unable to do the things I needed to accomplish. So far so good.
I have taken this medication many times for pneumonia and bronchitis infections.  While it appears to work well, I am concerned about building resistance to this medication. 
I 've been on this birth control for about 5 months. It is the first one I 've ever tried and my only negative complaint was that it made me very sad. I cried about everything in the first 2 months of taking this pill. My face is a lot clearer and looks better than ever. My periods last 3-4 days which happens to be normal for me. I 've never had any spotting during my active pills. I think this is a good birth control but every birth control is different for everyone. I 'm happy with this one.
I am on week 6 of Contrave and have lost 14 pounds. I love this medicine because it takes the craving for food away, and I don 't stress eat. I feel that my overall activity level has increased and I do not feel fatigued all the time. I drink a lot of water through the day and am eating a healthier diet. My exercise level is moderate. I can only tolerate 2 pills daily, when I increase to 3-4 tabs daily I get severe nausea and vomiting.
The side effects are giving me trouble, especially the headaches and nasal congestion, but I hope that my body will get used to them.  I can 't get my liver transplant without getting the pressure down.
I 've been taking Pristiq for one week. My extreme sensitivity to Meds of this type has been long proven. Knowing me well and willing to work with me my Dr has me on 25 mg Pristiq in the morning with food every other day. I 've had ups and downs this first week but am trying to stay positive. I have moments of feeling well and hope they continue to expand. I hope I don 't have issues with every other day dosing causing withdrawal in between doses. I also have discovered that drinking coffee with Pristiq heightens my anxiety.
First started topamax in 2013 lost 30 lbs on 75mg in 3 mos topamax 25 mg 3 x a day w/30 mg prozac once a da.  Weight went from  278 to 248.  I am 65 year old female obese all my life.  Had experimental  Lap band surgery in 1979. Gained all weight back.  Tried everything and gained back all weight every time.  Can 't take diet pills make me too jittery.  After three years stopped topamax because of minor memory loss which I thought was embarrassing.  Stayed on Prozac 30mg and gained all weight back and more up to 291. Now I am really depressed.  Came off Prozac and am back on topamax 25 mg in morning and 25 mg at night only.  Have lost 3 lbs in one week.  So happy.  Would rather walk and feel better physically than remember someones name,
I initially started taking Cymbalta at 60 mg but the nausea was unbelievably dreadful. I couldn 't even drink a glass of water without throwing it back up. I consulted my physician and we agreed to trying the 30 mg dosage. The nausea has decreased intensely and is manageable. I highly recommend taking it with food. My mood is wonderful.
This was my second colonoscopy and my doctor has switched to Suprep. The first dose I took worked like a charm although I was very nauseous from it. Started working about an hour after I took it. By the time the second dose was due I was totally nauseous but I drank it anyway and 30 minutes later threw it all up. It tastes horrible! Thank goodness I was cleaned out enough to do the colonoscopy because I would not have done it again. They did find 3 small polyps so I am glad I went through with it. There just has to  be a better way. Next time if it is between this and Gatorade I would probably still go with the Suprep and see if there isn 't something I could take for the nausea.
Taken it a few times/packets.. Found it did not much but was on other meds like concerta and suboxone...Taken now, at 2.5mg four times a day it 's not xananx but it does the job if you are agitated or panicked
I have to say this time around from the ER to the overnights. I have never been more unsure as to why I 'm taking a medication. I was told I have a partial blockage. Except my WBC count was 15k.Liquid diet from Thanksgiving until 2Dec. I lost 12 lbs. I take medicine for GERD, Heartburn, BP. As you can see taken. At the hospital they gave me cipro and flagyl to take home and d/c d me. I am constantly bloated no matter what I eat or drink. Fatigue or just feel like rubbish. Haven 't felt this bad in while. I am starting to think my flora are jacked cause of these meds. Going to use probiotics.
Prescribed macrobid for a UTI. I took my first pill last night with rice and bread, felt fine. Woke up this morning  to get ready for work and had to sit down in the shower I got so nauseous. Couldn 't even finish washing out my shampoo and had to lean over the toilet because I thought I would throw up. Held it in and almost passed out walking back to my bed. Slept another three hours then got up to try to make toast and got too nauseous and dizzy to even wait on the toaster. The UTI already feels much better after one pill but I have never felt so miserable, am missing work, and have called my doctor to try to get off this medication.
I 'm almost onto my 3rd week of this medication &amp; so far I 'm completely almost satisfied with it. It does leave tonnes of breast soreness I NEVER had before. But it did relieve my cramps and heavy bleeding, which is the reason I started taking it. No weight gain or breast growth though!
My doctor switched me from Cymbalta to Prozac after the Cymbalta didn 't seem to be working for me any longer.  I started out taking 10mg per day, now I am taking 20mg per day.  I had been taking the Prozac at night before going to bed but noticed I was having a lot more trouble getting to sleep.  After reading the dosing information, I realized that I needed to be taking this medication in the morning.  So I will start that in the morning by holding off my dose tonight.  For the time that I 've been taking this medication, I have not had depressive episodes that I was unable to handle and taking the depression test, it was not as high as it had been in the past.  So for now, I will continue this med but just change to taking it in the morn.
When I took the pill, I had a hard time remembering to take it everyday at the same time. With Paragard I don 't even have to worry about it. I also love that it is good for 10 years and it is hormone free. It was uncomfortable to have it inserted but that only lasts for a second. I do get cramps before, during, and after my period but I know that is not the case for everybody. For me, the peace of mind is worth the trade off for the cramps. Overall I would recommend this to anyone who has already had a child and needs a reliable form of birth control.
I was having such severe pain that I could not get to sleep at all. I went to my doctor in desperation for relief. He prescribed 300mgs of gabapentin three times a day. That did nothing for the pain. I was referred to a pain and rehab clinic where I was given 3600 mgs a day--1200 t.i.d.  That helped much more, but the pain is still not altogether gone. I do physio too, which, in combination with the gabapentin, helps.
I was prescribed 2.5 mg of Abilify to augment Pristiq 200 mg as depression severe. It worked quickly &amp; my sleep &amp; appetite improved a lot. So far I get some hungry periods but no huge weight gain yet. Hope it won 't occur as it seems to help me. Good luck. It is expensive at $166 for 2 months supply. Insurance rebate $133 though.
I am 21, I 'm studying in physics and I have been on adderall for almost 2 years now. I started at 15 mg and I am now at 25 mg. It was good the first year, very effective. But now, I don 't think it really helps. I feel sleepy with it and I lost attention very quickly. I don 't think the dose is the problem, I feel the effect and I think that increasing the dose will augment the anxiety cause by it (I noticed that each time I had to augment the doses, the side effects was worst). I 'm gonna return to Ritalin tonight, it was way more effective. Or maybe another one with methylphenidate. Concerta didn 't works for me, maybe biphentin should.
Not sure if people actually get the purpose of this medicine. This medicine is to fight the flu and shorten it by 1.3 days, this medicine will not cure the flu over night. After just finishing my second dose, I can say you have to take this medication with food. I took without food and felt nausea within 15 minutes. Felt a lot better after forcing myself to eat. As far as how well its working I can say this is my 4th day of the flu and my symptoms are slowly residing. Still feel god awful but its reassuring to know something is trying to kick this flu 's butt
I went to the hospital because I had burning irritation and redness I was in alot of pain for 2 days the Dr. Said the antibiotics I was on gave me a yeast infection they had me take two pills at the hospital it is now the next day and my symptoms have definitely simmered down I still have irritation urinating and I lil discomfort in general but I can tell it working phew thank goodness this was my first yeast infection ever and I hope it will be the last
I am using Omnaris to help relieve myself of an addiction to Afrin.  It will be three weeks tomorrow, and just 4 days ago I started to get some relief.  Progress improves each day, and in about a week, I should be okay.  One word of advice:  Don 't give up too early.
Given magestrol 40 mg twice a day after D&amp;C. I started bleeding after 45 days of using it, weight gain, too much anger. Even  my hair  started falling out..very bad experience with it. Doctor gives me progesterone 200 mg and still after taking it since 9 days bleeding is still on. I don 't know when will this stop but I have the progesterone for 14 days and then stop it and see what will happen !
Metformin they say makes you hyper-fertile.  Yea, I agree.  My hormones got a little wacky for a week or so.  I 've calmed down now and feel pretty good.  I take the dose up slow, only one 500mg pill for seven days before adding one more 500 mg for another seven and so forth until I reach four pills a day.  I noticed that without using any lantus that my blood sugar readings were lower.  Not low enough however to discontinue the lantus.  I noticed while on lantus alone I never felt all that chipper.  When I started the metformin my moods improved dramatically and I became a much happier person.  The diarrhea did not last long, but did return when I increased the dose.  Getting used to the pils nowl and bowels returned to normal.
I have had problems all my life having a BM and as I got older it became harder and harder to go at all, then I could not go at all. I have dried everything some things worked a couple of times and then stopped. I was desperate, I had to give myself a colonic to empty bowel. Then I tried linzees and it works but it does not completely empty my bowel and I take 290! I have to take miralax with it and that helps. I go like three times a day but not to completion. My life has changed drastically as I don 't have to spend hours in the bathroom giving myself a colonic. Also it does not cause cramps, nausea and dizziness all of which other products did.
I 'm taking Lortab for the pain from getting my wisdom teeth out. I 'm really lucky that I had them because when the anesthesia wore off the pain was unbearable. Since then, I 've taken one pill or maybe one and a half if the first one didn 't help after an hour or so. That only has happened a couple of times though, and mostly at night. The side effects I got are (listed from most present to rare):  loopiness (like I 'm slightly drunk almost), extreme mood swings (I 've cried multiple times over nothing), itching (mostly on my face, not too much), constipation (only slightly though) and nausea (only the very first time I took them, and with two pills). Overall, worth it. Takes care of the pain.
I 've been on Effexor for 7 years now...after a crazy up-bringing coupled with drug and alcohol abuse as a teenager I spiraled into a deep depression after my wife died 13 yrs ago. I still have bouts of anxiety but they are short lived. I try to avoid people that trigger situations where I might start to feel like an anxiety attack is coming. I had a huge weight gain and struggle with that, I 've lost 80 lbs so far due to a gastric bypass,and am on only 25 mgs down from 150 when I started.
I am 26 years old and have suffered depression since I was a teenager. Over the years my depression has gotten worse - I was having  'breakdowns ' more frequently and for longer periods (at least twice a year, and I was out of action for a month or two at a time). I became extremely depressed at the beginning of this year and was suicidal. As a nurse, I am a terrible patient and refused to be admitted. With some negotiation with my GP, I was put on Pristiq 150mg and Mirtazepine 30mg daily. It has taken a few months but I am finally feeling like  'me ' again. I can honestly say I have had zero side effects with Pristiq. Without the aid of this medication I can honestly say I don 't think I 'd be here today.
I am very greatful for Maxalt wafers as they help me get rid of my migraines, although the side effects of insane burning and jaw pain last and hour before, the wafer curing my migraine. Half half if you can endure the pain, its wonderful
Cymbalta 60mg for approximately 6 months, I am now taking 30mg. At first I was afraid to take it, but a few days into it and I was dancing at my first doctor 's office. Works well but does not take away the burning inside my muscles. Maybe I 'll need to return to 60mg. Do not take with opioids they just don 't mix well, I had no pain but my mood was somewhat strange.
I am just past my 2 year mark with nexplannon and I have mixed feelings about it. After I got it I bled for 2 weeks straight and then it went away. I gained about 15-20 pounds on and off the whole time and the one side effect I get the most is numbness. Specifically numbness in my left knee and my right wrist. It 's always in those places and never anywhere else.On the plus side, I 'm not pregnant so it 's doing its job. I love not having to remember pills!
I 'm a 52 YO male in fairly good shape. I started taking Metoprolol, 50mg twice a day after suffering a cardiac arrest earlier this year, in April. It has been very effective in controlling my blood pressure and keeping my heart rate low. The side effects are becoming unbearable now though. I 'm tired, and have a lot of trouble focusing on my work during the day, have a lot of restless nights of tossing and turning, and have now developed a rash under my arms. I think it also contributes to erectile dysfunction. I spoke to my cardiologist about all this today, and he 's cutting my dose in half. I 'm hoping some of these side effects will diminish when I cut down to 25mg twice a day.
I have taken Humira for the past 3 years for Rheumatoid Arthritis and recently we discovered it is also useful for Crohn 's disease (which I also have). It does work, but unfortunately I get recurrent sinus infections and have to stop taking the drug while on antibiotics. I have also had an accident at work and have had some surgeries. I 've had to interrupt taking the drug due to the surgeries as well (bone fusions). It takes a couple of months to get in your system, but as soon as it does (if you can stay healthy and infection free) it is wonderful. My only concern is the cost and the long term side effects. 
Im a 22 year old college student and today, I received my Skyla IUD. I must say I, I  read so many reviews on the days leading up to my insertion. I was anxious and nervous about the pain and cramping. My nurse practicioner talked me throughout the whole process and I even had a nurse holding my hand. It was absolutely not painful at all, definitely uncomfortable but no pain. I did experience some moderate cramping but that subsided after 30 seconds. I 'm only on day 1 so I don 't know what the next few days will hold but I 'm expecting some cramping. All in all, DON 'T be afraid to get this like I was!
I was on this birth control for 8 months. The first 6 months I was moody with little to no weight gain. Sex drive decreases only little. But in month 7 I started having horrific cystic acne. It 's so bad I don 't want to go out of my house. I 've never had cystic acne and now at age 27 it is unbearable and painful. I am switching to Alesse.
Not going to lie, this pill can possibly make you go insane. But, like all the other reviews say - just be patient. Experience: Last period prior to the pill: June 11th Incident: June 21st (possibly ovulating). Took the pill possibly within maybe 3 mins after (super paranoid). Very light bleeding June 26th (for about 3 days). Symptoms (for a month, after taking the pill): Nausea No appetite cramps (on and off) Some acne lower back pain Obviously all symptoms of pregnancy. Took maybe 6 pregnancy test, and a blood test (all negative). Period came exactly one month after the light bleeding occurred. Please don 't make yourself sick like I did. I lost like 10 pounds from freaking out alone. Patience is key.
Lexapro is amazing for blocking out over thinking anger and rage. It 's a miracle pill. BUT, I was 120 pounds, model skinny. I 'm 5 '8 I had an amazing metabolism my body was rock solid. After 2 years of Lexapro I am now 170 pounds. Even when I try to work out and eat healthy the scale doesn 't move. Sure will lose about 4 pounds and that 's it. Don 't take this medicine if you don 't want to gain weight. I have never been fat in my entire life, and now I am more depressed then ever.
First off I am from England so this drug did not cost a penny, also I am under sixteen and have severe raynauds. My whole hands go white usually 1-3 times a day. It 's awfully painful and very annoying so I went to the doctor who prescribed 5mg of Nifedipine 3 times a day. It was great, my fingers and toes stayed normal and I felt fine. I did experience some bad dizziness and nausea for about 3 days so returned to the surgery and they lowered my dose. Since then I have felt comely fine and it 's stopped my Raynaud 's. The days I have forgotten to administer the drug my fingers have gone back to there old routine so it just proves it works.
I started taking this medicine in the beginning of Nov.2011, mainly to reduce my hormonal acne and to regulate my period. At the end of that same month, I got my period and surprisingly the cramps were not severe. In fact, I had never had such a peaceful period in a long time. Since then, my periods have been painless. :) Mid December, I noticed that the severity of my acne had diminished and my skin had started to clear. End of Jan. 2012, I got 5 painful cysts on my face. I was extremely upset, but I decided to be patient and stick with it. My patience paid off.  It is end of February 2012 and my face looks way better. I haven 't had any cysts since then. As for the side effects, just nausea when medicine is taken on an empty stomach. I LOVE IT.
This has been my 5th contraceptive and I like it the best.When I was on nuvaring and cryselle I developed vulvar vestibulitis (similar, but not vulvodynia).My GYN thought that I had chronic yeast infections for about 2 years and she finally realized it could be the hormones causing this painful condition.Since sharobel has no break in the drug (no sugar pill week) my horomones levelled off. I am almost cured of the vestibulitis. I have noticed a little weight gain. No hair loss. Some back and facial acne but NO PMSING! I always had strong mood swings and because I now rarely get a period I do not have ANY PMS MOOD SWINGS! I highly recommend to anyone with terrible mood swings. The only con is I have trouble getting to sleep and waking up.
I started out at 5 mg and am now taking 10 mg with a diuretic.  I do get dry eye and dry mouth.  I bought an OTC spray for the dry mouth that works well.  I also bought a gel type eye drop that I put in both eyes at night. Works wonderfully.  So far, this has worked well.  My blood pressure has come down as has the swelling in my legs/feet.  I plan to continue,  Will update as needed.
To the person who recommended NeoCitran, do not take NeoCitran if you 're taking Paxil or any other SSRI, unless the form of NeoCitran doesn 't contain Dextromethorphan. These two medicines have a major interaction that could cause serotonin syndrome, which is relevant to my review of Paxil.My experience with Paxil so far hasn 't been the best. Side effects have been pretty bad, and as I also have ADHD, taking both Paxil and Vyvanse has lead to some serotonin syndrome-like symptoms. I got mild serotonin syndrome a few days after I started taking Paxil, because I had been taking both Paxil and Vyvanse in the morning. I find that if I take Paxil at least 12 hours after Vyvanse, the side effects are minimal and haven 't had any further problems.
Elmiron - been on it for 9 months, 3 100 mg capsules a day.  It has helped with IC.  However, it has caused headaches.  It also seems to interact with my SNRI, and both have caused an increase in ringing in my ears.  Has anyone else had that?
Only been on for 3 days, still coughing a bit but feel much better overall. Pharmacist told me to eat yogurt or take probiotics so maybe that 's why Im not experiencing any side effects at all.
I am currently on my second week of this medication and have noticed a decrease in the urge to smoke. I was a pack and a half a day smoker for 25 years and I am down to a half a pack. This is huge for me. I am totally set on quitting and I believe that this drug is going to kick my habit! Will update when medication is complete.
Hi,I am a mother of two and I have had Nexplanon since May 2014. Since I had it inserted I have experienced longer menstrual cycles, they very from heavy to light and last from 5 to 21 days, sometimes ending for 3-7 days and then beginning again. the longest I went without a period was two months (April-May 2015).I get occasional breast pain but I doesn 't last too long 1-2 days. I am a 34D for woman with larger breast.... I noticed that after my fianc&eacute; ejaculates inside me I start my menstrual cycle immediately that 's why I give Nexplanon a 8.0 because even though I get my periods a lot at least I 'm not getting pregnant, lol
I started taking Tramacet (Ultracet) a year and a half ago for severe back pain from a screwed up spinal tap. It takes the edge off enough that I can make it through a day which is saying a lot since some days the pain is so bad I 'm curled in a ball sobbing. I try to limit myself to 4 or 6 pills a day but will go with the maximum if desperate. I did experience the acid reflux side effect to the point my doctor prescribed me ranitidine to help it. I also have discovered that when I am on the Tramacet I experience pounding in my ears, a constant whooshing (as though I am holding a seashell to my ear) that does throw me off balance when moving from a sitting or laying position. Other side effects I have suffered don 't bother me enough to be noted.
I started taking Vyvanse 2 weeks ago and it has helped with my focus, patience, anxiety and depression. My doctor tells me I have a mix of ADD/ADHD so he prescribed me on 50mg. I am worried though about all of these side effects I have been hearing about that could happen. The only side effects I have gotten is bruising easily and loss of appetite in which i force myself to eat because I end up feeling like I will pass out. Other than that I highly recommend vyvanse!
My doctor gave me Lexapro 5 mg for depression and anxiety.  Shortly after my first dose I felt nothing but side effects and no benefit.  Side effects were extreme restlessness, tired, constant yawning and insomnia, so I stopped immediately.  I then thought that maybe 5 mg was too much so I split that in half totaling 2.5 mg. and this worked perfectly.I suffered from moderate to severe depression, extreme fatigue, crying spells especially in the morning, no motivation, negative and pessimistic, etc.  Lexapro at 2.5mg gave me instant relief and energy.  I 'm a firm believer in starting at the lowest possible dose and see how you go from there.  If side effects outweigh the benefits, try a lower dose.
For now, I will give Contrave a 7, as it is my first day. I feel a bit loopy, but it seems to be clearing up. Have not had the urge to go grab some fast food lunch, nor am I hungry at all. Have a little dry mouth, but I would say that so far it is doing its job. Will update after a week. 6 '3 262 on 04/26/2017
I 've been taking Mononessa for about a week now, so my opinion probably doesn 't mean much yet. My period was still bad the first day or two, but then it got very light, to wear I barely felt like I was even on it. I do get the &quot;sick to my stomach&quot; feeling a little in the evenings, but it 's not terrible and I haven 't thrown up. Yesterday and today I have had a constant headache, which I 'm assuming is coming from the pills becsude I don 't get frequent headaches. I had a little bit of breakouts on my chin, and it has gone away already, but that could also be attributed to just the fact that pimples go away with time. I haven 't had sex yet, so I 'm not sure about whether or not my intimate relationship will change.
I have been using this Finacea 15% gel from about a week, and posting here just because I am totally shocked for the price some of you are forced to pay for this product. I live in Italy and I bought this for 19&euro; (full price, no discount) and I thought &quot;that 's too much for a tube of gel&quot;.I feel sorry for you, they are extorting you, they are criminals....Can 't say anything about the gel yet... too soon for me, but I have acne  problem on my skin.
I 've had anxiety my entire life (as long as I can remember). I 've had counseling over and over again with no results. I 'm 31 now. I took Zoloft and Klonopin at about 19 years old with HORRIBLE side effects. I 've been anti-medication since 19, but three days ago, I told my doctor I was FED UP with the lack of sleep, full-blown panic attacks, and feeling like I 'm dying every hour to a point that my marriage is being adversely affected and my son is suffering from having less than the mom he deserves. He put me on 20 mg of Celexa. I don 't know what to expect in a few weeks, but I already search for the anxious thoughts and can 't find them. I 'm SO hopeful that side effects will subside and that I 'll still be me but better!
I 've been taking Sprintec for 4-5 months now. The first few weeks my breast were EXTREMELY swollen and tender. It was so bad to the point that it hurt to just walk. That went away after the 1st month. I had very little nausea for a couple of weeks.  The one side effect that I absolutely HATE is that I 'm always hungry and have gained some weight. I 've noticed that I am A LOT more emotional especially right before I get my period. Overall I 'm pretty happy with Sprintec. I just really wish I didn 't put on the extra weight.
Works okay for me. I went on it because Cipralex (Lexapro) pooped out on me. Doesn 't deaden my emotions as much as other drugs. Anxiety is pretty much non-existent now but my depression remains. No side effects. I put on a lot of weight on Cipralex and it hasn 't come off while on Cymbalta, but it hasn 't increased either. I haven 't had any notable side effects. Oddly, I did have an irritated sciatic nerve when I started Cymbalta and while I wasn 't put on it for that, it did kind of help that too.
Excellent.  But after using for ten plus years,  and taking polyethylene glycol twice daily, it needs to be increased.  Can I go higher than 290 mg a day?
Hi ladies! I am here to update on my experience with EllaOne Pill. I had protected sex on 18 Nov 2015. Nothing spilled, nothing broke but naturally, I was still paranoid. So I decided to take Ella four days after just to be safe. My last period was on 6 Nov 2015 and my period came 7 Dec 2015, quite on time! My next period came on 5 Jan 2016 so my period has resumed back to normal. My pregnancy tests have come back negative :)However, I have suffered one side effect of Ella One which is nausea. Before and after my period, I would have extreme nausea. And it may last for days or be short. I have combatted that by resting or eating food to ensure that I 'm not on empty stomach if I do vomit (I have not)I hope this helps! Don 't be afraid :)
This medication did clear up my strep throat within the first couple days being on it. However the side effects were horrible. I had watery diarrhea for like 3 days, I always felt nausea after taking it even with food, and I had strong stomach pains. Also by the 4th day on it I had a yeast infection.
Makes me very sleepy and dizzy. Takes a long time for the side effects to wear off. The pain has been reduced to a degree.
I 've started taking Vyvanse about a year ago and for the first six months it was fantastic, I could concentrate and my grades were stellar. I was noticing some depression and random bouts of anger, but I just shrugged it off because it had been a rough school year. However, around September 2010 I ran out and the doctor couldn 't see me until december (I know, it 's crazy). Of course, I couldn 't concentrate as well but my mood improved considerably, I was actually happy. I started taking it again in January and on the second day, I saw an ex-girlfriend that I still really liked and I almost broke down in tears. The drug does it 's job, but for my personal experience it has played with my emotions. 
I started Belviq 3.5 weeks ago. I tried sorting through reviews just like you are, to see if the $85 a mo. after coupon was worth it. I found it difficult because too many reviewers left out their gender, weight &amp; height so I just decided to just try it.  With that being said, I 'm a 5 '1 female with a desk job weighing 163 to start. I now weight 157. This medication suppresses my appetite slightly, but it suppresses my cravings a lot &amp; I don 't give like before. The first day I thought I wasted $85 because the headache was awful. It subsided the next day. I do feel sleepier at night, so I haven 't worked out at all, I 'm going to purchase another month &amp; add  Exercise. I 'm also on a 1200 cal diet that I track on my fitness pal
After a bit of a rocky start, I must say I 'm glad I made this choice. I got the insert after my first pregnancy in November 2016. As I stated it was rough at first. My period was nonexsistant, then it would last for up to 8 days, then it would be basically nothing, but I still had to wear a pad for some spotting. Now almost six months later I have none anymore. I haven 't had any allergic reactions, weight gain, or mood changes. My sex drive if anything has definitely doubled. Over all I 'm very happy so far.
I have been on Xulane for over a year now and so far so good. I have found it easier to cry and during my period i 'm in pain with backaches (basically my whole body hurting). I had the nexplanon for 7 months before Xulane and it was horrible. I didn 't have pain or cramps before trying BC. With nexplanon I had horrible never ending spotting/bleeding for 6  months and mood swings,mostly anger, i wasn 't in control of myself so this was a great change.
I was apprehensive about trying Zoloft, but I wanted to share my experience. I started taking Zoloft 2 weeks ago primarily for major depression. When I 'm less depressed I also suffer from social anxiety disorder.I took 25mg for the first 4 days, then upped to 50mg. First few days on 25mg I had moments of feeling very spaced out. When I increased the dose to 50mg, I had a few days of nausea, diarrhoea and again felt quite spaced out, but after 4 or so days this stopped. I also experienced a few waves of anxiety, but this has since disappeared.2 weeks in, and I 'm feeling better. Not all the way there, but I feel more stable. Less hopeless, more in control. Calmer. I 'm starting to feel like myself again.
I just started taking Suboxone 3 days ago at a doctors office to help me get off a 5 yr methadone habit let me tell you to wait the full 3 days before starting this stuff. I in no way weaned myself down from my 150mg a day. I had the worst withdrawals in my life. They had to put me out to get through it. But finally I 'm coming out of it. So the outlook is bright so everyone wait the three days I wouldn 't wish this on anyone.
I am now 79, but had trigeminal neuralgia attacks for at least 35 years.  I would get an unprictable jabbing pain on either the right or the left side of my face about once or twice a year.  For years I did not know what caused it and simply toughed it out.  It was usually gone after about a week or so.  About ten years ago I mentioned it to my family doc who sent me to a nerve specialist.  He diagnosed it right away and prescribed Neurontin.  Now, when I feel the first jab coming on, I take one or 2 pills and follow it up with additional pills until the pain goes away, usually in 2 or 3 days.
I 'm 21 and have been taking Lexapro for over 4 years and have seen good results and bad. I had a panic attack after taking Zoloft and was hospitalized after a few days and began taking Lexapro afterwards and have had a few episodes. The biggest thing I think that has affected me was going off for a few days because it messed my system up. I am on 200mg in the morning and 100mg at night. I 'm still struggling at times with public anxiety and depression, but still feel good after I take it. Next time I think I am going to ask for another medicine. For new users, I recommend it, but take it how you are prescribed and let your doctor know if its not working.
I have been on Chantix now for 2 weeks.  I smoked a pack a day for 40 years without ever quitting.  I stopped smoking July 26 and have been smoke free now for 7 days.  I 'm thrilled that I 'm able to stop.  It 's difficult, but the side effects are worth going through for a while; having an oxygen tank and cancer would be worse.  I 'm having nausea, weird dreams, depression, little energy, dry mouth, headaches.  Go with the flow; the symptoms will pass eventually.  What 's good, my hair and clothes don 't smell, I have more time on my hands to live life more fully without a monkey on my back that is a killer.
This is my fourth month into the Lupron cycle.  I have endometriosis. Have no period, NO PAIN.  I do get some hot flashes and a little weight gain but that is the least of my problems on the shot.  It is the joint pain.  It is the worst in the morning when I get out of bed.  My hands, legs and feet are the worst.  It is not so bad throughout the day. But when I sit for sometime then get up again the pain starts all over.
I have never actually taken Valtrex, but I took my first pill today. Swelling seems to have gone down, and the pain has gone down quite a bit. Hopefully by Monday, it will be completely gone if I continue to take Valtrex. 
Hey! I started taking Yaz over a year ago for birth control and partially for mild acne, I do think it helped my acne and it was an extremely reliable birth control but I fell into a serious state of depression that led to a hospitalization. I think it 's great for skin and birth control, but definitely ask your doctor about depression!
I have been taking Benicar 20/12.5 Hydrochlorothiazide for 7 years now. It works well and keeps my blood pressure at 120/75-80. Regular Benicar without diuretic did not work so well so I switched to HCT about 6 years ago. I do experience dizziness occasionally and get light headed but I was told that 's normal. 
It 's 2:30 am and I 'm wide awake! At the suggestion of my doctor, she said to take Mucinex D ... BIG MISTAKE! I 'm definitely breathing perfectly, but I 'm jittery and unable to sleep! Mucinex D in the morning, Sinex at night!
After a car accident a year ago and having horrible life disrupting headaches everyday I finally got prescribed Elavil at 25mg once before bed. It has improved most of my headaches and I sleep like a champ...all the time! Only downfalls are I sleep more now than ever and I have gained 15 lbs. I almost think I 'd rather have headaches than gain this weight.
The insertion only hurt when the numbing needle injected its medicine into my body. After that, the birth control worked for its full three years successfully. Removal was a breeze, actually better than the insertion.Side effects- holy shit. Where do I start. This medicine made it so hard for me to lose weight. After I quit smoking I gained an extra 30 pounds and felt like I was hungry 24/7. Food was ALWAYS on my mind. My period would last an entire month for the first year &amp;  it would come every three months. Towards the last 6 months of the three years my period finally went to normal. I always felt like I was pregnant. I convinced myself like twice that I was because of the crazy side effects, tender breasts, late periods, cramps etc.
I 've been taking Adderall for roughly two years now,I could honestly say it helped me  SO much.Having A.D.D my whole life, it completely made my life out of control.I only realized how much of my issues were connected to having A.D.D until l i took my medication,i cannot even explain.Its insanesometimes it even got me emotional thinking about it cause i would say to everyone around me &quot;is this how people without ADD feel ?&quot; and think wow i missed out on SO much.Luckily i could say everything has changed. Graduated highschool,found myself a job,totally different group of friends,even the way i interact and feel about myself TOTAL CHANGE. I would have gave it a 10/10 but my loss of appetite and could not sleep.sucks but pros over cons
This has helped the acne on my chin so much! I got at least one or two painful zits on my chin every week and since starting about three weeks ago I 've gotten maybe 2. My back is clearing up and aside from a new one my chest is too. The side effects I 've noticed are: severely dry lips (only Aquaphor helps!), a yeast infection, diarrhea pretty consistently. But for me it 's definitely worth it!
In the treatment of my severe chronic asthma, this medication is best at managing my condition. I take it subcutaneously once each month, two injections of 150 mg each.
I was diagnosed with bipolar type II almost 2 months ago at age 40. It was long over due.  My psychiatrist started me on Depakote 250 mg twice a day and Wellbutrin SR 150 mg in the morning. Also take trazodone or Ambien to sleep.  I can tell that my moods are much more stable on Depakote, no more hypomania and staying up a week at a time. It 's a relief to get back to much more normal, but I do miss the hypomania in many ways (I work full time, have a family and go to graduate school for a double masters degree-- hypomania was great with those things at once).  I am still on Depakote 250 mg twice a day. Depakote will change my life as long as my body tolerates it. I 'm trying to deal with the ravenous appetite. Up 10 lbs already.
I was on wellbutrin XL 300mg for 6 years. After 3 years I started having extreme woozy/lightheaded spells that were ruining my life. Everyone kept blaming it on my anxiety. After three years of hating life I went off of wellbutrin. It took over 30 days before I even started to see relief, but by the 90 day mark I was free from those spells. I have my life back. It would not have gone away. Wellbutrin helps with the kind of depression where you have NO motivation and crave sugar. It will make you dehydrated, constipated, edgy, and a light sleeper that only needs about 6 hours per night. It isn 't good for anxiety and will not help it. During the adjustment period you could lose about 10 lbs and have the most vivid nightmares ever.
I must say that I saw a HUGE difference in the first 2 weeks.  I lost about 11 pounds, was never hungry, and felt like I had the energy to run a marathon daily. Insomnia for about 3-4 days, but that went away.  I 'm also off caffeine and sleeping pills!  
After growing up with terrible periods, some that would last up to three weeks and by that I don 't just mean spotting, I finally chose to get on the pill. I really do not like the massive gain of weight in my breasts. I was a DD38 to begin with and my breasts have only grown even more being on my second month. They are EXTREMELY sensitive and I have put on 5-10 lbs which is something my doctor told me wouldn 't happen. It has controlled my terrible periods but other than that the negative side effects seem to outweigh the positive. The first month was full of spotting and I constantly felt as if I were going to puke. Now on the second month my period is very under control but the weight gain in my breasts and body are two things I hate.
Took the pill 10 hours after unprotected sex, 1-2 days before ovulation, according to Clue, but you can never be sure! Used withdrawal method but wanted to be sure.I didnt have any symptoms at first, but after a week and a half, I experienced mood swings and depression, a bit of acne, back pain and cramping - all of the symptoms I have in PMS, but more severe. Hormonal bomb! My period was late 8 days and I was petrified and stressed to the max, bought a test and it came out negative. Got my period that night!!!!! (9 days late, a bit heavier flow) STAY CALM GIRLS AND USE PROTECTION!!!!!!!!!
It took 2 months for my body to adjust to the pill. I spotted frequently during those 2 months. I experienced some mood changes which is a side effect. It got bad enough that I had to switch to a different birth control. I couldn 't handle the constant &quot;sad&quot; feeling. If it hadn 't have been for that experience, I would 've stayed on Jolessa.
I started on Sronyx when I was 15 bc I had bad clotting while on my period and it was very heavy. By far my favorite birth control out there made me loose almost 20 lbs within 2 months made me feel awesome. No bad side effects and did the job had hardly any cramps and no heavy bleeding. Then when I was 17 got switched to Orthi Tri-Cyclen absolutely the worst. Gained 5 lbs within my 1st cycle. My boobs felt tender and gave me the worst mood swings. And always had a craving . It was like I could never get full my appetite was trough the roof. Then on my first cycled period it gave me clotting and cramps that made me not even wanna move. So bad my back and lower stomac ached. So that resulted in me  immediately switching back to Sronyx
I went on a holiday to Thailand and developed a bloated stomach with wind and later diarrhea. The Dr prescribed Flagyl to kill and bugs in the intestine. We know that in these countries it is rather easy to get a bug from foods. After many trips I finally got a Bangkok Belly. After taking 400 mg 3 times a day I felt some relief the next day. Felt good. Then the next day I woke up feeling terrible. I had sneezing, runny nose, a feeling of tightness in the nose (harder to breathe), asthma, dry lips, rashes on the hands, body aches, lack of appetite, feeling lethargic and tired along with wind in the stomach along with slight nausea. Diarrhea almost gone. Most side effects are happening to me on the fourth day.
I just started taking Viibryd five days ago.  I switched from Zoloft to Viibryd.  I was having bad headaches and an overall feeling of yuck in the mornings.  I started feeling better at the end of the day when I was going to take my next dose of Zoloft.  I also could not sleep.  I would wake up at night and then couldn 't go back to sleep.  Since taking the Viibryd, I have been able to go back to sleep when I woke up in the middle of the night.  I am a bit sleepy in the morning, but I am feeling a bit better.  I am hopeful about Viibryd.  I hope that my condition continues to improve and my sleeping patterns continue to get better as I increase the dosage and as time goes on. Zoloft did help, but the side effects were too much for me.
I have been very pleased with Nuvigil. I have not had side effects. In my experience the only problem I have had is that it wears off too soon.  My doctor increased the dose and it lasted a bit longer but it is still wearing off sooner than I would like.
I have severe back problems and ended up in the emergency room I was not  able to walk or hold up my torso! I was given intravenous Dilaudid and was given immediate relief! Unfortunately after 4 doses of 2mg oral tablets I had to discontinue use I developed hives over 90 percent of my body.
Seems to be helping. Still cough a lot.
Awesome for controlling anxiety in the mind and letting you think clearly but I still feel the anxiety in my nerves but better alternative than benzodiazepines. Another con is it interrupts with exercise you can 't sweat or get your heart rate up so if your going to exercise time the pill intake hours before.
I 'm 17, about 125 pounds, female and a senior in high school. I 've had depression for a while and started taking Effexor. I strongly encourage trying this medicine for any teens or college students who deal with depression. Helps me concentrate and feel all together in a stable and happy mood. I 've had weight loss also only thing that makes me nervous is the withdrawal effects I 've read about.
I was prescribed Nucynta 100mg while taking Cymbalta 60 mg.  ABSOLUTE MISTAKE!  I have experienced serotonin syndrome at least 3 times in the past year. I initially thought my behaviors were attributed to Cymbalta, but I finally took time to actually investigate serotonin syndrome and felt blessed that I had not hurt myself because I was taking both Cymbalta and Nucynta.  It 's very important to learn the side effects and medication interactions of your medicines.  From reading a few posts about Nucynta, I would conclude that a few are already experiencing serotonin syndrome. It 's not to be taken lightly, please do your research.  
Works great . I f you have issues with heart rate just take half   a pill in the morning other half in the after noon to get used to it.
Today I had Skyla inserted. Have been using regular birth control pills for years. Decided to try Skyla to curve my high blood pressure due to the hormones in the birth control pills. Was informed to take Misoprostol 24 hours before appointment to prepare the cervix (make the procedure easier). They said this procedure would hurt worse because I have not had any children. This procedure was surprisingly very painful for me. Would not suggest this form of birth control unless you absolutely needed this form of birth control, only because I found it very painful.
Good medicine but takes 4-6 weeks to resolve.
I agree - a small dose keeps me virtually symptom free for 5 years.  Only side effect is mild sleepiness, but I take it at bedtime, so it 's not a problem.
I have been taking Simponi Injections for over a year now. It works better than Humira. I also take Methotrexate which has my hair coming out. I was taking 4pills every week, now I 'm taking 3 pills every week. I 'm 39 years old and my hair is coming out even when I just have it braided. I love the Simponi. I know when it 's time to take it again though.
This is my third week on contrave and I 'm up to three pills. I have experienced no side effects and should get my scaledown scale in the next couple of days, I 'm super excited and can 't wait to add another element to my weight loss journey. ( scaledown scale is free and the program is free for three months through the contrave website. The scale is connected through cellular technology and coaches you on activity and diet based on your weight each day!) I think this is the added incentive I need... I 've only lost 3lbs in three weeks but I haven 't worked out and I travel fairly often and often grab fast food.... hope the daily weigh in and tips will help me make wiser food choices.
I have just finished reading all these reviews and after just taking only one of the pills I 'm quite frightened at the thought of being in the bathroom all night as I am a moronic 19 year old and decided to take it at 8:30 something (the box really should be more specific) I 'm tired and have not even reached the 6 hour mark. I 'm on a lot of pills that most likely don 't like being messed with especially one that I just found out is highly incompatible with this laxative and has a slight chance of killing me. I 'm already an overly panicked woman.  Please tell me you all are still alive after these nightmares.
I was on Tri-Sprintec for 6 months straight and it was great. I had no side effects, no yeast infections, no headaches, and my weight remained the same. After that I went to the doctors for my annual pap and they gave me 3 months of FREE Ortho Tri Cyclen pills. I took them because it was FREE, but those gave me constant yeast infections, headaches, tiredness and my mood swings were insane. My sex drive went down, and I wasn 't pleased, nor was my boyfriend. So I couldn 't take it anymore. I had the doctor write me a prescription for TRI-SPRINTEC, which always worked well for me. 
I got Skyla 2 days ago and was really nervous before my appointment because I read all of the reviews that same morning. I took 2 ibuprofen before. The application felt like a regular Pap smear at first and it lasted about 30 seconds, I was surprised when he said he was done. It was painful but bearable, I felt 3 extremely severe cramps and it was over after that. I 've had cramps for the past 2 days, and they 're nothing like the minor cramps I used to experience with my regular period. Loss of appetite and moody because of the cramps but it 's not that bad.
It is wonderful, half an hour before bed, especially with one nortriptyline. A beautiful sleep. Blurred vision and dry mouth are the annoying bits.
Definitely gets the job done. Use Vaseline or A&amp;D on your rear! This stuff can really burn. My husband was so sore he couldn 't sit, and I had NO pain at all. That was the difference.I drank the first dose over 40 minutes, followed by the water--all in by 1.5 hours, as MD said I could take 2.5 hours if needed. I figured drinking the Suprep slowly would likely avoid some of the cramping and bloating and violent responses of which others complained.It seemed to work. It tasted bad, but after all the reviews, I tho 't it would be worse, and at 55 min results came in a controlled fashion, i.e., no great emergency. Second dose was a little harder to drink, but I did. I 'm a small female, too. Next time I won 't be as nervous.
I got the implant about a month ago so haven 't had it that long, but for the month I 've had it I love it!!! Don 't have to remember a pill everyday, haven 't experienced any weight gain, maybe a few mood swings just my body adjusting to the hormones going through my body. Wasn 't on any birthcontrol before hand. I started my period about 28-30 days a normal cycle after the initial insertion of the implant. I bruised a little bit but nothing major. All in all I love it my period only lasted 3 days I had mostly cramping and no bleeding I can really deal with this bc for 3 years....
I am an artist and a horseback rider and for the last few months have experienced a very painful case of tendinitis in my right arm. This gel works well and very quickly in my case, and with bracing and icing I have experienced a lot of relief.The nature of this pain reliever is anti inflammatory - not numbing - so I don 't think you would find use for it if your pain is not of the inflammatory nature. I get spastic and tense neck muscles all the time and find heat and massages work better. So for the right purpose it is excellent stuff. I am sensitive, delicate skinned and had no allergies but I would be careful and spot test nonetheless.
I have Fibromyalgia and ME/CFS, as well as depression and anxiety resulting from PTSD. I have been on Zoloft for over 10 years, trying to taper from it for the last 5. I couldn 't get down past 50mg of Zoloft without dreadful side effects, until my doctor suggested I cross taper with Cymbalta. It has made all of the difference in the world. I am now down to 20mg of Zoloft (without any withdrawal symptoms), and up to 30mg of Cymbalta. I noticed within the first few days that my depression and anxiety had subsided almost completely, and my Fibromyalgia pain has measurably decreased. I haven 't had to use as much oxycontin, or klonopin. I look forward to seeing if combining Lyrica will allow me to get off the oxycodone altogether.
After three days of perscribed use of the generic bactrim, my headaches and nasal discharge have decrease dramatically. Side Effects, insomnia (reason I am writing this review), pain in jaw and throat if not taken with ample water.
I have been saddled with sciatic pain off and on for over 15 months now. About a month ago, my Doctor switched me off of Naproxen and onto this drug. It seems to be a little more effective and I am only taking it twice a day. I would rate my daily pain level about a 3 on a scale of 10, and almost 0 an hour after taking this one tablet with a meal.
This medicine was prescribed to me for bipolar disorder, along with irritability problems, serious anger was becoming a problem. I read these reviews after being prescribed and I can honestly say that I was not one who felt its benefits immediately. This medicine takes 3 to 4 weeks to fully affect you. So far the main thing I have noticed is that I feel more balanced, and have not had an over the top anger explosion. This medicine in combination to my others seems to be helping overall. Everyone 's own body is a chemistry set, you just have to try things in combination with others and see if it helps. 
I have had a severe case RSD/CRPS1 since 2007, as it began with an injury to my spinal cord in 2006 after a fracture. I have been on, and am still on, many medications to treat different aspects of it. I have been taking Savella since 2009 to help with the severe burning in both my feet, as well as my legs and pelvis. I also experience something that feels like a red hot fire poker sticking in the bottom of my foot. Savella has been the only medicine that has helped reduce these symptoms- and I have tried every single medicine out there for nerve pain/burning- either with horrible side effects or no results. Savella has worked the best. The only issue is I do notice headaches as I titrated up on the medicine.
So yes the first use was an experience. I had been so raw from constant itching that seemed to get worse within a few hours. I applied the cream to my lady parts and talk about wanting to take a cheese grater to your down under itchy fire parts. I had to take some Benadryl to help the itching. The vaginal insert of the cream wasn 't bad until it melts....and then it gets itchy inside your lady cave so to speak. After the first hour it seemed to calm down a lot! I shouldn 't have waited so long to have done something about it. I never had any thick discharge so I thought it was just a little irritated. I had never had a yeast infection and lord knows don 't ever want to go through this again. But the product overall works.
I 've had the nexplanon implant for about a year now and I have mixed feelings about it. Yes, it worked great in the aspect of me not getting pregnant, however I did gain about 20 pounds since getting the implant.  It 's also made it almost impossible for me to lose any weight, I 've been exercising, eating healthy, etc. At first I would get a lot of headaches but they 've died down now, and I 've also been very &quot;gaggy,&quot; any little smell, texture, or sight of something gross makes me gag a lot. The one thing that 's been keeping me from having it removed is the fact that I only get my period about 3-4 times a year. I used to have very painful cramps and heavy bleeding but since getting the implant my periods have been a lot lighter.
I have been on Metoprolol for 20 yrs. I was diagnosed with High Blood pressure when I was 23 yrs old, started on 100mg now I 'm on 25mg. I do experience anxiety a lot and tiredness, along with dizziness at times. The medicine does work,just hoping some day my kidneys will mend themselves so I can STOP taking this medicine.
Some of the stomach pain went away but this medicine gave me blurred vision.
My only problem is that of I ever miss my pill just by 1 day I automatically get a normal 4 day period the next day even if I take a double dose, and once again get my period every 16th of the month. 
Drank extra water and drank the Suprep.  It took me almost an hour to get the mixture down as I was gagging from the taste! At first gulp I thought it wasn 't so bad, but a third through I could not take the saltiness!  There was a little still left when I had to dash to the potty to start eliminating water.  I could not leave the toilet at all for an hour, but this part was easier than the drink! No cramps, no headaches, really not so bad. After 1.5 hours I was able to take a shower. Still have to urinate every 30 mins or so with minimal watery stool. Not sure how I will get the second dose down tomorrow, but so far besides the drink part, it 's not that bad.
This medication is adequate compared to others in its class, despite it still causing significant side effects such as weight gain (which is very undesirable). At first, this medicine seemed very strong and made me  'zombie-like ' (e.g. slow, unemotional, sleepy) but after a couple of days these were significantly improved. I was on a dose of up to 75mg, and as far as the effects of each individual dose; 25mg help with sleep and  'anger management ', 50mg increased my hunger (a lot) and 75mg helped a little more with anxiety and emotional stability.
Started on Norvasc about 1 wk ago and my bld pressure has gone from 180-200/100 to 120 /75, my heart rate has increased which is ok because I was on Bystolic for a short time and my heart rate dropped into the 40 's. 
I only use Dulera once a day and only one puff, but I do this every single day usually just before I go to bed. On occasion I will need a second puff during the day after I wake up. I occasionally get the pain in the side and lower back but it does not last long. I have many of the side effects but I had them long before I started using Dulera. The pain is a new one though.
Calms muscles enough to be able to work them, and therapy is essential.
Switched to this from Abilify.  Abilify left me lethargic and I gained substantial weight.  Since switching, I fall asleep easier, have lost weight, and do not feel sleepy all day anymore.
Read some negative about MoviPrep so was a little worried. However it turned out to be no problem for me. No matter what you take its not going to be fun. First container I drank the taste was okay but the second one it got a little worse. Used apple juice to chase it. Just drink as fast as one can and get it over with. Cleaned me out without a whole lot of discomfort. Works as advertised. Cost was high. All done, but the day before of all liquid diet is no fun no matter what prep you do. Would recommend it.
My experience has been mirrored by another recent poster; I got mine I  mid-November 2014. I had two very light periods and then mid-January 2015, I started a period that hasn 't stopped for more than 18 hours. I 've been spotting for more than three months straight! I can still work out, I drink plenty of water and eat good food, and the cramps have only been bad once or twice (after a nap I was ok). I think staying hydrated and eating a diet rich in protein will help some of the symptoms others experience. I 've lost about 15 lbs (neither hindered or helped by the device), been a little moody and had a very mild increase in acne.
I have been using oxy for over a year and half daily for the last 3 months. I knew I needed help to get off of these drugs, and so I went to seek help from a doctor. He prescribed me zubsolv ... and after 15 hours of being in withdrawal I took my first dose and went hard into precipitated withdrawal. The doctor was sure that enough time had passed using the Clinical Opiate Withdrawal Scale (COWS method), but maybe I have a slow metabolism?!? It was terrible for the first 24 hours. However I am now finishing up my second day on the medication taking two pills a day and my withdrawal symptoms are gone. I still feel very achey in my joints and just have been lying in bed but this medication has really given me hope that I can stay strong and off of using. Give it a chance!
I 'm on my third day of metoprolol and feel very mellow.  My heart feels quiet in the way you feel when you finally hit the pavement after a dirt road.  I feel nervous having my natural rhythm manipulated but when it comes to the heart, I 'll just do what they say.  Had an attack of pericarditis 3 weeks ago and then Atrial fibrillation two days ago.  I was told that this was normal after pericarditis.  Metoprolol is recommended while heart recovers.  
Two days ago I started feeling the YI coming on. Since I had one before there was no way I was going to wait as long as I had last time. I decided to try monistat-1 because I am insurance less at the moment and figured it would be cheaper. 10 to 15 minutes after inserting the egg I was in heaven. I actually took it in the evening around 6pm and stayed in bed reading all night. When I finally went to sleep, and woke up about 7am, it was like I never took the meds at all. Applied a little of the cream it came with and I 'm back to a dull roar. I definitely feel better, but I am hoping that the itching stops completely by work time tomorrow. I never experienced pain or itching so bad it brought me to tears after taking it thankfully.
I 'm 34 ...5 ' 4&quot;.  I had jitters, nausea, severe constipation, and trouble concentrating. This was going on through the first month. Starting the second month of Contrave,  I have NO side effects. 
Been taking 200mg for 4 years and also 2mg clonazepam.  Only problem was when I first started I would sleep walk.  One time I was downstairs taking down the blinds in the family room till my wife woke me up.  No problems anymore.
I requested my MD to prescribe me the patch for lower T4 pain last week. Started taking it on Wednesday and today is Sunday same week. I 'm now 80% better and changing the patch every 12 hours as prescribed to me. The first day (for whatever reason), I got a surge of energy when I first put on the patch. The pain subsided to about a level 3 from a level 6 after wearing it for just a few short hours. Do not stop wearing the patch as the pain will come back quickly. I did have to supplement the pain with additional meds after I did some light home repairs (despite the the warnings) and this kept the pain level down.
The doctor 's office suggested adding lemon juice to cut the flavor but I was afraid to use too much. I added some ice after the first sip. I don 't know how fast you 're supposed to drink it, I went slow because I didn 't want to vomit. Anyway, 25 minutes after first sip it was flowing. Couldn 't think about getting off the toilet absolutely no control. After about 2.5 hours I could venture out and dash back. The morning one I used a lot more lemon juice and ice with the water and it was much more tolerable. Been on the perch for an hour so far. Wonder if I 'll make it to the procedure with soiling myself. I have a super bad headache last night and today and I am freezing.
At first I did not like it at all - I started off on 50mg (recommended) and found it wasn 't working. I also was super spaced out, unfocused and constantly feeling like my brain was going but my body wasn 't (It was WEIRD). This went on for about a week, then it worked perfectly and I was completely normal. However the migraines started coming back so I am now on 100mg a day and the same thing happened when I upped the dosage. It 's working now though! I didn 't notice any difference in tasting things but I did get tingles in my fingers and toes! Otherwise all round amazing medicine!!
Ive been on it for about 3 years. Has worked well and no problems. I was on a triphasic for a year and it made my migraines horrible the monophasic pill has helped. An interesting side effect is I do not continuously take the pills, i just take it normally. After a few months my periods completely disappeared. I freaked out thinking i was pregnant and took a test, it was negative and told my doctor and had a blood test ran and found no pregnancy or other problems. He said it was a side effect that my periods would just go away. It 's great but still weird to me, I 've only had spotting for 2 days in the last 3 years. Save money on tampons though! I also noted that your sex drive does go down, never had any problems with dryness though.
I have bipolar 2, generalized anxiety disorder and suffer panic attacks. I am given Valium 5mg to take  'when needed '. While I feel it works well on generalized (mild to moderate) anxiety, it 's not the most effective medication to take to during acute episodes like in a panic attack. I feel the 5mg isn 't enough. Also if you take it even every few days, it pretty quickly becomes less effective meaning you may have to increase the dose. I now take 10mg as needed. It 's very helpful, and I find it to be very effective, but perhaps not strong enough during acute panic attacks, but in general this medication is a blessing.
I 've been on it for about 2 weeks and I feel zero side effects. I 'm in my mid thirties and have had horrible PMDD depression for 20 freaking years! I started lybrel so I can stop my period for a while and have a break from those dark days. I was so worried lybrel would cause mood problems and I 'm so relieved it has not. I give it an 8 rather than 10 because it 's only been a couple of weeks. There 's still time for things to go south but so far I 'm so glad I started this! Only wish I 'd done it sooner.
I just started taking TriNessa (I 'm on my fourth pill). I 'm 21 years old and it 's my first time ever taking a birth control pill. So far, I love it! The first couple of days, I experienced a tiny headache. Nothing horrible. I barely even noticed it. I really don 't feel any different. So far so good!
I have been taking Simponi Injections for over a year now. It works better than Humira. I also take Methotrexate which has my hair coming out. I was taking 4pills every week, now I 'm taking 3 pills every week. I 'm 39 years old and my hair is coming out even when I just have it braided. I love the Simponi. I know when it 's time to take it again though.
I have been taking Ocella for about 3 years now, I didn 't have any issues when I first started. My periods are only 3 days long, and I lost a lot of weight when I went on Ocella. I have developed anxiety but I never had it this bad and mood swings I have gotten too I can get very depressed and emotional about things and that has never been like me at all. I 'm thinking about switching to something different to help lower my anxiety and mood swings, its the only birth control I have taken and my doctor was recommending something with a lower hormone count. Otherwise its been a good birth control for me.
I hope this is helpful for those that are taking this medication. I am on day 6 now and I 'm feeling better. But the first 3 days my stomach was burning. Make sure you take  a probiotic  2 hours before or after taking this medication. The reason for the stomach burn is that the good bacteria is being destroyed by the METRONIZOLE? so the probiotic replaces the good bacteria that has been lost. Also I take 3 pepto bismol  chewable tablets 1 hour before I take the medication - it really helps out so much. I take this medication twice a day and I take 6 peptobismol in total all day good luck.
Ok almost 3 months into taking Nora Be and I 'm back with an update... So I had break through bleeding first 2 months but slowly went away. You have to make sure to take pill exact same time every day. I 've lost weight, typically looking at BC makes me gain weight.All the pain and bleeding I had for years with endo is gone. I haven 't been taking week 4 pills and jumping to a new pack but I just read somewhere that pop don 't have placebo pill so the 4th week is also hormone? I 'm not 100% on that yet. Ok back to side effects... No more acne, bug skin feels dry. I 'm dry everywhere unfortunately.  Small price to pay for pain free, cyst free existence. No headaches, no nausea, no more break through bleeding. Will update in anklet month...
It 's a very useful drug as it it not only control blood pressure but also gives other long term benefits to the patients.
I used the spray. It was very convienent, kept scales at a minimal level, helps with itching and burning of psoriasis. It did not get rid of the red patches. This medicine is a great management drug, but will not put you into remission.
I 've been on Complera over a year now which at over $6000 a month equates to $72,000. There are some rage issues related to the medicine, as well as some insomnia issues and general mental health issues.  My labs are great which is an upside. I 'm an LTS of this disease having dealt with HIV into AIDS for 20 years now and been on about every HIV med in existence -- I come with a wealth of life experience.
I will give this medicine a higher rating perhaps when I finish the treatment. At this point (day 5 in the first round), I have muscle pain, lethargy and a dull headache. I feel like I have a mild virus. I have eruptions - red, itchy bumps - but that doesn 't bother me as it means the medicines is working and that 's exactly what I want. It will be worth it to be rid of precancerous cells on my forehead and hands. But there are some side effects and they seem to vary person to person. For me they are manageable.
I 've had Implanon since November 2009 and at first I had irregular spotting for up to 3 weeks at a time but it gradually lessened. I forgot I had it over summer, only had light spotting for a few days after traveling in September. Other than that it works great for me; I 'm going to hate giving it up when I return home after I graduate next year.
I 've been on it for about a week now. Weight loss isn 't significant, but it is there, and again it 's only been a week. Definitely has curbed my appetite; there are some days I have to force myself to eat actually. Just physically emotionally uninterested in food. My side effects have been moodiness, irritability and anxiety, but those seemed to have passed after a few days. I feel a little loopy when I first take it, but if I eat a slice of cheese or scrambled egg with it that seems to help. Going to stick with it for sure.
I started taking asthma to control my adult-onset asthma.  It works very well, and when I am on it, my asthma is very well-controlled. I have gone off of it twice, due to my doctor thinking I did not need to be on it long-term, but after my last series of asthma attacks we agreed I should stay on it for the foreseeable future. My only comment is that I do think it makes me gain weight, especially in my mid-section.  Not a lot (yet) but we will see what happens if I go off of it again. The weight gain is on average about 5 lbs., so not much, but on my frame, it is noticeable.  Every time I go off it, the weight goes as well.  I 'd rather breathe and have 5 extra lbs., but I haven 't seen this listed as a significant side effect anywhere.
I weighed 163lbs when I started this medicine. I dropped 10lb during the first month. I also started medicines for thyroid issues, so that might be part of it. However, my cravings are completely gone! The medicine also helps a bit with my depression, and I feel more determined to work out. I 'm pretty happy with it.
I 've always had breakouts on my chin every month for the last 3 years so I tried this. I had a breakout on the 1st month of using this and it was the worse, good thing I don 't have any school that time. But it healed faster when I steamed it and let all the cyst pop up. Although it left me a reddish chin that is really annoying. Im on my way to 2nd month and my face is 70% smooth. I can feel another breakout coming. How do I treat this redness on my face? Was it because of the steaming?
Week 1 down 4 lbs.  Very little sickness, not craving food either.  I eat because I know its needed.  I 'm excited so far.  Just moved up to 1.2 and still doing great.
Latuda is the first antipsychotic I 've taken, and I have to say it works. Yeah nausea sets in if you don 't eat with it but it 's been pretty fine. Started with 20 MG for the past 6 months, and auditory hallucinations diminished at least 90%. Anxiety about 60% which is why I 'm looking to up my dosage to 40mg along with upping my zoloft dosage to 100mg.But with any medicine there are side effects and diarrhea is an issue with this medication. So, with my uptake in dosage hopefully I 'll be all the way me again.
This works great, however the side effects are less appealing. You cannot trust a fart on this!, ever!. I take it first thing in the am on am empty stomach and you better not leave the house within a hour because exactly one hour later, hot lava explodes . Ugh. But, the constipation is gone! Be sure to have a huge supply of fresh underwear when you take this!
I am only on day 5 of the medicine. I had a headache on the 2nd and 3rd day, but I think this is because of no sugar. I have cut my carbs down alot and will weigh in on day 7. This pill has really helped me not want my sweets or even bread. I have made very good decisions and even plan what I 'm going to eat when out. I can 't wait until month 1 to see my progress.
After trying around 8 different drugs for my GAD (General Anxiety Disorder) this one seems to be helping.  I don 't want to jump the gun too quick, it 's been a month with a 30mg every other day and about 3 weeks at 30mg a day, but I think it 's working somewhat, still don 't like the idea I have to take it, and always worried about side effects and getting off it, if and when I 'm ready.  Have had some bad withdrawal symptoms with some of the others that rivaled getting off pain medicines...no fun!
Well we all know accidents happen and one night my boyfriend accidently came inside me.  I freaked out because it was one week after my period ended.. I took the pill the next night less than 24 hours later..  I felt super bloated for 2 weeks straight. Back pain, and nausea it was the longest 2 weeks of my life! I was convinced I was preggo then my period came a day early. I 've never been so relieved in my life . I 've taken plan b before and never had any side effects but my first with aftera and lots of bad side effects
I was diagnosed with polycystic ovaries a couple years ago, having missed a couple periods and showing increased testosterone levels in my bloodwork. My dermatologist was actually the one to prescribe spironolactone - for my acne. While I haven 't noticed a huge difference in terms of my skin problems, my periods have finally gotten more regular (31- to 33-day cycle, approximately) when taking 45 mg/day. I 've noticed no side effects while taking spironolactone.
I took this pill for 2.5 years and it was pretty good. When I first started the only negative side effect I had was nausea 24/7 for about 6 months but it eventually went away. I had to switch to a higher dosage because my PMS symptoms like hormonal breakouts before periods came back after about two years on the pill. However, I have regular sex and I never got pregnant! So it does its job
Been taking Brintellix for 2 weeks and so far feeling pretty good. I 'm a little worried about the weight gain and the price. I finally find something that works for me and it causes these side affects and ridiculous how pricey it is to feel normal! Sad to know that if I can 't afford it or it puts weight on me that I 'm going to have to stop taking a drug that actually helps! I work out 4 days a week and had lost 22 lbs but I 've gained 4 in 2 weeks.Not acceptable! I will continue taking for another 2 weeks and see what happens!
I often get sinus infections and they clear up fast with amoxicillin.
Been on 20mg for only 2 weeks now and have noticed a good improvement in my mood. My dose has now been upped to 40 mg once a day. This drug so far has worked better than any antidepressant I have taken (Wellbutrin, Prozac, Effexor XR, Mirtazapine) and better than any antipsychotic I have taken (Zyprexa, Risperidone, Thorazine, Seroquel)All antipsychotics I have taken so far have caused weight gain EXCEPT THIS ONE. Since taking it for 2 weeks I have LOST 3lbs without any major exercise BUT I have dropped calorie intake to around 1000-1200 a day). The only negative side effect I have had is staying asleep for longer than 5-6 hrs . I also have social anxiety but this medication hasn 't helped with that (so far if possible) Highly recommend.
I was put on Doxepin 10mg, for wake up middle of night insomnia. Every time I 've taken it( about 5), I 'm knocked out and sleep heavy for about 9 hrs. Then I 'm very groggy the next day and sleep off and on. The feeling rested and like I actually slept is great. But, it 's almost too good. I 'm going to ask my dr. To reduce to like 3mg.
Robaxin has worked very well for my back muscle spasms. Also for tension headache due to muscle tension in my neck and head. My only side effects were initially a feeling of constantly needing to urinate even when there was no need. But that went away after a few weeks. Now though I have been experiencing bad dreams and broken sleep, problem is I don 't know if these negative effects are from the Robaxin or something else I am taking. I do take several other medications in addition to the Robaxin.
I was diagnosed in 2013 with schizophrenia and depressive behavior. Prior to my last hospitalization none of the meds were working on me. My family changed my physician and she firmly believed Invega combined with Sertraline would do the trick. I am most grateful to her and my family for their desire to help me. I no longer hear the voices, I can go out in the public, watch TV, listen to the radio and enjoy it like I used to. I feel safe again, the paranoia of thinking people were after me is gone, I don 't have suicidal thoughts anymore and I 'm starting to build a social life again. I am 24 years old and I 'm grateful for the unconditional support my family and new doctor have giving me, My life back.
I have been using Benicar for 1 week. So far the only side effect I have had with Benicar is excessive thirst. My blood pressure is now 113/75.
I started taking Cymbalta earlier this year for my anxiety. I found it really helped, but I didn 't want to stay on it for long. I had a few side effects while being on Cymbalta such as night sweats, trouble sleeping and electric pulses through my body. Whilst gradually lowering my doses of Cymbalta these side effects did get a little worse, however they have completely gone now. I started lowering my doses in June, and now by the end of August the night sweats have completely stopped, my sleeping is back to normal, and the electric pulses are very rare. When I think about getting worried or anxious now, I just remember that its not a big deal and that if I was on Cymbalta I wouldn 't have even thought about it.
I have taken Humira for the past 3 years for Rheumatoid Arthritis and recently we discovered it is also useful for Crohn 's disease (which I also have). It does work, but unfortunately I get recurrent sinus infections and have to stop taking the drug while on antibiotics. I have also had an accident at work and have had some surgeries. I 've had to interrupt taking the drug due to the surgeries as well (bone fusions). It takes a couple of months to get in your system, but as soon as it does (if you can stay healthy and infection free) it is wonderful. My only concern is the cost and the long term side effects. 
I had Liletta inserted two and a half weeks ago. The insertion process definitely hurt, but I was able to breathe through it and then go back to work afterwards. I didn 't bleed the first few days after insertion but have bled continuously since. It 's been about like always being on the first day of my period. The biggest thing I 've noticed so far are some pretty intense emotional swings. I 'm hoping they 'll level out, but I 've cried four times in the last two days for pretty minor reasons. I 'll update later. Overall though it hasn 't been a bad process considering that I no longer have to take a pill everyday.
This is a great medicine.  Many people don 't know about using it as an alternative to SSRIs for mood stabilization, depression and bipolar disorder. I 've been on it for 1 year. The biggest benefits of this medicine is that it stabilizes my mood without feeling weird (fake, plastic, hyper) with very few side effects.  The sexual side effects and weight gain I experienced on Prozac, and the restlessness and irritability of Celexa and Welbutrin, just don 't occur for me on this medicine.  The drawback for me has been a narrowing of my emotional bandwidth.  I rarely feel spontaneous excitement or joy.  This may be partly because of life circumstances, but I 'm certain that this medicine is also playing a role here. High anxiety, may not be related to this medicine.
I can sleep finally. Great drug! I take 100 mg and Ill not go up to 150 like my dr said because Im sleeping good enough now. I take Zoloft in the morning and after almost 7 weeks I feel better and less anxious. I give it an 8 because I had low blood pressure the first few days and still have a bit hang over in the morning.
It got rid of the night sweats but caused significant weight gain.
I have extreme manic bipolar disorder. I cannot stress enough. Lithium has helped me have less mood swings and much more manageable ones when I do. I am now leading a fairly normal life.
I have a large swollen infection believed to be staph infection. This medicine is working well but day 2 I am so nauseous even after taking Zofran 8mg I can not bare the thought of swallowing it or anything else. I 've taken this before and did not get this effect. I have many other health issues at the time but I was shocked I reacted this way.
This medicine worked really well for me for about 6 weeks then gradually stopped working.
I just started taking Suboxone 3 days ago at a doctors office to help me get off a 5 yr methadone habit let me tell you to wait the full 3 days before starting this stuff. I in no way weaned myself down from my 150mg a day. I had the worst withdrawals in my life. They had to put me out to get through it. But finally I 'm coming out of it. So the outlook is bright so everyone wait the three days I wouldn 't wish this on anyone.
Totally killed our sex life
After 3 months of 2mg four times a day, with no change in glucose levels my doctor and I sat down for a talk.  When asked if there was a ceiling for the dosages he said we have plenty of room to adjust (there actually is no recorded max dose I could find in the literature).  The typical patient uses about 4 mg four times a day. I have found that I have had to increase as much as 16mg four times a day to see adequate glucose changes.  It 's ease of use and small size makes it easier to take than some, but I have yet to find it 's stable dosage for ME.
I have been on Seasonique for almost 3 months, I haven 't had any spotting however really bad acne on my T-zone. In the past I have had maybe 2-3 spots at a time but now 3 months In I have multiple spots triple or more than usual. I am totally attracted to 3-4 menstrual cycles a year, not to the idea of the acne however.
My 8 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD at age 4. We did not start medication until 1st grade, but are glad we finally did. He is currently taking Vyvanse. I read some materials on Fish Oil and brain functioning and specifically ADHD. When my son comes home from school the medication effects are diminishing and he tends to get emotional and irritable. When that happens, we give him 2 fish oil capsules and within about 1/2 hour he usually calms down and returns to focus better. We use Nordic Naturals Omega 3-6-9 Junior with 135 mg EPA and 90 mg DHA. The capsules are lemon flavored, small and easy for a child to swallow.
I took the first dose of Actemra and felt a little dizzy but that did not last long.  My stiffness was reduced and for the first time in two years felt like myself again. The only problem is that my lip was slightly swollen but went away in about two days. The medicine last for about 4-5 days then I started having severe pain in my joints especially my elbows and shoulders. I had to take pain medication which did not help much.  Overall I love this medication and I can 't wait for my weekly injection.
I 'm a young single mom in my experience Invega gives me a fuller lifestyle my condition is stable and controlled with  Invega so I can live with a balanced happier mind. The only downside is the weight gain and some minor side effects like milk production in my breasts. However the benefit to my mind are greater than some minor and trivial side effects.
I have been taking Zoloft for about 2 weeks and notice a little difference. I 'm much happier, not so tired as usual. One day I had this urge just to go out and I get my hair cut, nails done and my tongue pierced. I have no idea where that came from. I felt very social and wanting to talk to people. Before I liked to stay in my room with the dark curtains and hope it will rain soon because I couldn 't stand the sun. I also didn 't want any company..just wanted to be left alone. It still comes and goes. I 'm pregnant so I 'm only on 25 mg but I know if I was taking a higher mg I would feel better.
I have been taking this for over a year, with that being said I have had no period the entire time I 've been on it which is great! The only biggest downside is my sex drive is completely gone, sex is often very painful and without my natural lubrication it is hard for me to have sex for the few days after I have it! This has been enough for me to want to switch, my doctor told me is it common to become dry while taking low estrogen pills. Im going to switch to a slightly higher pill in hopes of a higher sex drive!
A lot of negative reviews here.  I find Delsym to be very effective treating my cough.  No symptoms of diarrhea at all.  Of course I don 't take it on an empty stomach.  Anyway, pretty good stuff in my opinion.
I have extreme anxiety attacks that make it hard for me to breathe, which makes the oxygen levels in my brain go down. I have found that it helps me calm down to the point where I can rationalize the stress and anxiety that is causing the attack. I also find that when I am nauseous it helps me not vomit.
I got a flu shot and the next morning I woke up with fever, pounding headache and a large red swelling on my arm with streaks that connected to the lymph nodes. I was diagnosed with cellulitis. I was clearly not swabbed well enough, if at all (can 't remember).I started on 3 doses of Cephalexin 500 per day, but got worse the first day and ended up in ER. The ER doc bumped me up to 4 doses. It has pretty much cleared it up. The exhaustion has been horrific, and at times I 'm dizzy. No diarrhea, but sometimes I become extremely nauseous. It strikes me out of nowhere. I find that taking Zantac helps. I 'm also really, achy and all around unwell. One pill to go and I can 't wait. But, the stuff works or I 'd have developed sepsis, so all good.
I have had restless legs syndrome for about a year now. It drives me crazy. It is just in my left leg no where else. Dr gave me Requip and did nothing. I tried tramadol and although I still have a bit of tingling in my leg and foot, my leg seems more relaxed. I will say that the ONLY thing I have found to work right away and all day is Vicodin. My doctor told me that pain medicines are a treatment for restless legs syndrome. I 'm hoping the tramadol is a winner so I can stop with the pain medicine.
I take 25 mg at night, yes I get drowsy during the day, so yes I drink more coffee, but I just crave sleep. The bottom line is that I can function, the main reason for taking them was insomnia, and now I have good regular sleep patterns. I don;t feel like getting up in the morning, but I feel like going to bed at normal times and generally I feel normal after feeling so strained and stressed out with insomnia - a result of some anxiety and compulsive thinking. I still wish I could sleep right through the night and I probably can on 50 mg, but with 25 mg I think I get enough restful sleep, and 50 mg makes it harder to keep functioning during the day.
Reasonably effective against pain but capable of interfering with breathing.  Makes it scary to go to sleep.  I 'd be very careful with this medicine at any but the absolute lowest doses.
I started taking doxycycline 6 days ago now and I have seen some big differences in my face. First, my chin almost immediately cleared up, and I had 3 pretty deep ones the day I started taking it. Next, the ones in my cheeks starting going, and now it 's basically just the marks they 've left behind. Since I started it I 've had only a couple new spots come up and they have gone away fairly quickly.As far as side effects, I HAVE to take antibiotics with a probiotic. If I don 't, my vagina will feel awful and I will get infections. However, I have been taking doxy with a probiotic every day (probiotic around lunch, doxy after dinner) with good results. I think everything is in balance as long as I supplement with the probiotic. No nausea.
Originally, I was pretty scared to get this because of all the bad side effects I read about, but I decided to give it a try. I got my first shot in July 2015, and I had some bleeding/spotting for about 3 weeks, but I haven 't had my period since then. I have had some very minor side effects, some I am not even sure are because of the shot or could be completely unrelated. I have gotten a little more emotional, and it does make me more hungry than usual. But I have been careful to not let this change the way I eat, and I have gained less than 5 pounds overall. But other than that, I don 't have to worry about getting pregnant and I only have to get a shot once every three months. I personally have had a great experience with it.
More energy. Better, deeper sleep, no more stomach problems. Haven 't felt better in years. I would have started this med a long time ago if I went to the doc sooner. Only downfall is the side effects when first starting them. I also get bad side effects after I get sick with the flu almost as though I 'm starting taking them for the first time again. All in all I would recommend this to all that ask I am afraid of getting off of the meds from what I 've read on the internet though.
I think most people expect changes in body too quickly. I have been on alli for three weeks I am down 4 lbs. I am eating smaller meals and in a consistent exercise plan. I never expected alli  to make me rock hard after a month. I plan to use for 2 months to help kick start my second 15 lbs.  Alli works if you follow restrictions not going to work with an extremely fat meal. This is supposed to supplement a new life style change. If I only lose 3 to 4 pounds more I will be happy. I am not expecting alli to work after 3rd month. I have 6 more pounds to lose before vacation and another 8 to 10 this year. The lesson is you still need to watch how much you eat. You also need to be active 3 to 4 days a week period.  15 lbs this year and 15 next
The patch is a wonderful item if it would stay on.  It only lasts 3 to 4 days then it dries out and peels off.
Leaves a big bruise
I just had my first baby in November. I knew I wanted to wait at least 3 years for the next. I was on the patch before and loved it but I didn 't like having to remember to switch it. My Dr recommended Mirena. 10 weeks after my son was born I had it put in. I actually didn 't feel anything. Didn 't hurt and no cramping. I have had it in for about a month now. I have spotting on and off but not a big deal. No cramping. No weight gain. Sex drive unaffected. I love not having to worry about it. For those complaining about insertion if you haven 't had a kid try Skyla instead. It 's smaller and you should have less insertion pain. For those who just had a kid get it in as soon as you can while your cervix is still &quot;loose&quot; don 't wait.
Really good and old prescription medicine. Helped my neuralgia a great deal with NO side effects.
Talk about an increase in hardness.
Though it did do it 's job,  had a lot of burning and irritation. Hopefully this doesn 't happen to everyone. Good luck trying to sleep or do anything for that matter! 
I was on this medication since 2006. I had no side effects or problems. It worked well, we had to keep increasing my dosage on it though. I also combined it with Depakote, which apparently raises your Lamictal levels. Yes you can become toxic on this medication like Depakote. I had to get off the medication because I became toxic, I was taking 300mg a day and 1250mg of Depakote daily. My symptoms were drunk look, double vision, slurred speech, short term memory loss, I started bumping into walls, my eyes were glazed over. I just got stupid towards the end. I even went to the hospital telling them I was toxic, they did not believe me. It can happen, I guess I became intolerant of the medication.
I 've been on Safyral for about 6 months now, when my doctor first put me on this pill I really liked. It was my first time going on birth control so I was nervous about all the weight gain rumors. But it was fine, I didn 't gain any weight, I actually lost weight and my breasts got bigger. My skin cleared up, it has been a great contraceptive so far, but it made me so emotional. Maybe 2 or 3 months in I just got so depressed, randomly I would just get so sad and not even know why. I cried all the time, I had a short fuse, the littlest things would just upset me and I 've never been like that so I 'm switching. Everyone is different though and besides the emotions it was a great birth control.
This medicine does what it 's supposed to do. A 50mg capsule usually is enough to dispel panic attacks and return me to baseline. I don 't take any more because I can 't deal with the drowsiness during the day and I take something else for sleeping at night. No benzodiazepine-like euphoria, just simple no-frills relief.
I have been on Lo/Ovral for about 10 years now and have loved it but it has started giving me strange mood swings. I am 30 and feel that my hormones are changing and I need to speak to a doctor about changing my birth control. I have started noticing no sex drive, massive mood swings, lack of sleep and here recently weight gain. But like I said I have loved it up until now.
I was on the Ortho-tri-cyclen-lo for 4 years but my insurance won 't cover it anymore so my doctor switched me to Trinessa.  It 's been almost a month I 've been taking it and my husband and I loves it.  I was scared at first because of the bad reviews sucha s weight gain and depression.  But with me it 's been good so far.  NO headaches, I 've lost weight because  with Ortho I was bloated a lot.  I 'm more interested in sexual activities so my husband is happy with that.  The only thing I don 't really like is I 'm a little bit more emotional but not moody or crabby.
Xyzal is one of the most effective antihistamines out there, IMO.  It stops all my allergy symptoms from the first pill- I can feel my sinuses open up.  It has gotten me through horrible seasons where the grasses I 'm allergic to are rampant.  The only downside for me is the major sedation.  It is supposed to be non-sedating, but a few people will have issues with this.  Curiously, I find the sedation to come on several hours after I take it, so I time that with bedtime.  At first the sedation was so bad that it felt like I was going under anesthesia!  My allergist told me she had the same issue, and had me cut the tablet in half to take the pediatric dose.  That helped a lot, but I still time it for when it makes me tired.
Hi ladies! I 'm checking in for my 3 months experience with Skyla. My first month consisted of very bad cramps and my period seem to last for two weeks non-stop. My second month was better in cramping (little to none) and a week of bleeding with two days in between where I did not bleed at all. My period is pretty irregular, I dont really know when it comes until the day before I get extremely emotional and start bitching at my boyfriend haha. He helps me keep count and tell me when I start acting different and he 's been right so far. I would get my period the next day or few days after that. I don 't feel cramping unless I am on my period but it was only got 3 days max. Taking midol was a life saver because it took the pain completely away!
I have been very happy with my Implanon so far. I have had it for about 3 1/2 months. I didn 't feel any pain when it was inserted; only a slight sting when they numbed my arm. I did have a pretty big bruise for about a week, and now I have a very small scar. As far as side effects, I haven 't had any noticeable side effects. My biggest complaint is that I have had longer than normal periods. My first period after Implanon was right on schedule and lasted it 's normal duration. My following cycles have lasted about twice as long as they should. However, I don 't have any spotting in between periods; my period is just extra long. I feel like that is a fair trade off though for not having to worry about birth control at all for 3 years.
I have been on birth controls for about 3 years. I started out on the shot, worked well but I didn 't like not having a period and with my emotions I spotted all the time. The patch did not work for me (hated it). I 'm 5 '5&quot; and weigh about 110, my weight has always been on the lighter side (and I can 't gain it no matter what). For me I like the pill, I 've been on it for about a year. I do have a low sex drive, I 'm always dry, I did go up one cup size. Periods are on the lighter side and sometimes I don 't have one. Since I have been on the pill, I feel sick more often, stomach pains, bloating, nausea, diarrhea, headaches, leg pains, vaginal pains, back pains, but its never constant so I usually dismiss it.
I was on this for 7 weeks before stopping to try to conceive. It was wonderful in that it finally took away the pelvic pain I continued to have on other pills. I had a light period within three days of stopping it. I 've had two full cycles since, and they 've both been shorter than usual, with a short (8-10 days) luteal phase. I 'm hoping this sorts itself out soon. Unfortunately I don 't see myself taking this again, because it made my migraines much more frequent, and gave me fairly bad heart palpitations. A less troubling complaint was increased acne.
Zoloft gives me no negative side effects, no weight gain, no &quot;zombie&quot; effect, the only problem is that it makes me pretty restless when trying to fall asleep, but it isn 't a huge problem. It really helps me with my agoraphobia, two months ago I could barely leave the house. I also tried Paxil, Prozac, and Lexapro - all of which did not help much. Zoloft it is.
I started contrave on 11/6/15 @ 191.2lbs as of today 1/21/15 I have lost 14.8 lbs I 'm on my third bottle. Side effects went away after 1week, except for the dreams, and I only sleep 6 hours per night
Good for nerve damage.
It helps moderate back pain. It 's not good for severe or chronic back pain.
There is no cure for HSV2 but you can suppress it with Lysine. You have to take it everyday and it just becomes part of your daily routine, like brushing your teeth or taking a shower. I was diagnosed with HSV2 in 2012 and had outbreaks every single month for the first year.  After that it was about every other month. It was a painful and humiliating experience for years. After introducing Lysine, along with OLE into my daily routine, I haven 't had an outbreak since September 2015. If I feel like an outbreak may occur, I just up the dosage until that familiar tingling sensation goes away. I know Lysine doesn 't work for everyone, but I stand by it 100% for my HSV2 suppression.
I have Cervical Arterial Disease and the pain radiates in my neck, shoulder, arms and hands.  Sometimes makes me have bad headaches as well, on the left side of my head.  Mobic is a life-saver for me. I had this medication for awhile, but refused to take it because reading the side effects scared me, but after over-the-counter medicatuons quit helping me with the pain, I went ahead and started it, and this is the best I 've felt in months.  I haven 't had any side effects yet, but I 've only been on it, for about a week.  I 'll continue to take it for now, because at least I 'm not miserable.  Living with chronic pain is no joke.
My original intent with Topamax was never weight loss, (mood) nor would have I ever believed the results I 've obtained 19 months later. Quick negatives-my mental agility decreased significantly, I misspell my own name; most food &amp; beverages taste like rubbish; and, the generic version is subpar. I was always overweight, I 'm mid-30s, male, &amp; slimmed from 275 to low 180s, size 42 to 32, XXL to L. It stays off! Still drop a few lbs. every month. However it 's impossible for me to get off, I tried once and I went into a severe depression, but I 'm a healthy weight now with perfect blood pressure.
I started on Zometa about 3 years ago, at first it was every three months but over the past year I have it every 4 weeks. The side effects vary almost every time, sometimes it 's aching bones or muscle pain and I usually feel weary to the point that I stay in bed all day, the effects usually hit me on the second day after having the infusion and only last for one day. Today is Sunday and I had the infusion on Friday so as I write this I 'm feeling pretty rotten, but come tomorrow I 'll be feeling much better so it doesn 't worry me at all...and it 's a lot better than having my bones snapping just because I 've lifted something that 's too heavy.
I got the birth control about three years ago, I am set to have it removed this year. It has worked wonderful as far as preventing pregnancy. I have gained weight but I also work a desk job so it goes hand in hand. My periods are terrible I have endometriosis which makes it very painful to have periods. I had a few but after the first year they stopped. I have had only spotting once or twice in three years. The negatives are lower sex drive, acne on the arm by the injection site, hair growing in places it had not before ( my chin). I am 24 and this is effective, it does effect everyone differently.  I love it but it does have a lot of side effects, but I would rather live with the side effects than being pregnant or painful periods
Having severe chronic neck pain from an accident. Ms-Contin works great to help me live my day to day life easier.
Looking back I realized I 'd been suffering depression plus social anxiety for the best part of 3 years. This spiralled especially over the last year in severe anxiety, being unable to speak to people, crying obsessively and having no motivation or energy to even get dressed. It became choreful and frightening to live a normal day out, even talk to my family and for most part I would use alcohol and sleep to escape. I had no concentration, was emotionless and numb. I was very skeptic however accepted 50mg as a starting dose, 2 weeks later going up to 100mg. It was gradual, although I 'm now in a position to say when I can finally feel relieved and extremely hopeful about the future! I enjoy going to work and can laugh again! Miracle medicine.
I have been on Savella for a month - it does take the edge off of the pain in my legs and fortunately no side affects.
I 'm currently on Day 8 of the Rexulti trial pack (stepping up dosage) and so far so good...except that I feel that it 's deadened sex drive.  However, that can be remedied I think.  The benefit is that my &quot;painful emotions&quot; accompanying serious depression have all but vanished.  And so far I have not experienced any akathisia, which is my most feared side effect from any of the atypical antipsychotics (such as Seroquel).  We 'll see how it continues.  Yes, it is quite expensive, but I think MediCal will cover.
It&rsquo;s a love hate relationship. Effectiveness I love it. I&rsquo;m 26 no kids and I would say it does the job. Like any bc there are pros and cons. Pros my periods are super light, cramps are minimal, not pregnant, you don&rsquo;t have to remember to take a pill, and it was $35 for 3 years. Cons I got super depressed the first 3 months of being on it, I never had acne until now and it&rsquo;s embarrassing it&rsquo;s cystic acne and I have acne scars and no acne meds help, I have my period on an off for 2 weeks out of the month, I snap a lot at my husband, hair loss the first 4 months on it, and now I have intense back pain to the point I can&rsquo;t sit or stand. I love it but I&rsquo;m really considering taking it out in 2 months.
I have been on the estradiol patch (Vivelle) for three weeks and I feel like a new woman! Gone are the hot flashes, night sweats and brain fog. Hello energy I 've missed you immensely! I also take 100 mg progesterone at bedtime. This combo is a game changer! Just wondering why I didn 't pursue it sooner.
Recently began suffering generalized anxiety disorder, took me to the point of suicide, prescribed diazepam. The 1st time I took it I felt aggressive and annoyed easily however after a few days I can safely say it has greatly reduced my anxiety for now however my doctor has said he will not let me stay on it due to the bodies ability to easily resist the medicine over time requiring greater doses etc.  Desperately do not want to try antidepressants again (due to a previous severe reaction). We shall see.
just wondering why sometimes it works and other times it doesn 't.  I don 't get it, does that mean there is nothing there or  what?    It worries me.    There has to be a reason .
Alesse-28 was the first oral contraceptive I 've taken. I usually have a very heavy flow and my period would be a full week and would never come at the same time every month, but since I started to take Alesse-28, my period has become VERY regulated and my flow is light and lasts usually around 3-4 days only. The best thing I would say is that I don 't get cramps anymore. Before taking the pill, I 'd be pretty much bedridden. I get only a very slight pain now, but it 's barely noticeable! It also helped with my acne! I had a lack of appetite when I started the pill and I lost 7lbs in one month. The worst parts were the nausea, major mood swings, slight depression (cried every night), anxiety, and the lack of motivation in everything.
I am on my 5th week of taking Bydureon.  So far I have had no reactions to my injection sites.  I usually inject same time every Monday and I am good on the first day, but on the 2nd and 3rd day, i feel so nauseous that i can hardly eat.  I also find that i have diareahea alot.  I have not really lost any weight but have not gained weight either.  Best of all I went from 414 (my highest blood level) to 99 (my lowest level) so far.  So there is a major difference in my blood sugar.  I can not wait to see what my A1C reading will be when i get my blood work done in a month.
Nausea and a lot of sweating but works well. It keeps me wide awake.
TWO WEEK UPDATE:I have lost weight and feel like myself again but I had to take the fourth day after insertion off work because I had a meltdown and the worst of pain from it. Next day and after it hasn 't come back! However, my sex drive is completely gone. It 's nice to know I won 't get pregnant, but it 's like I have absolutely no interest in even kissing. No bleeding tho! 22, no kids, small and etropian cervix. Will update after a couple more weeks...
I 'm rating an 8 based on the insert. I took 800mg of ibuprofen an hour prior to insertion. It was painful- 5 on a 1-10 pain scale. This lasted for less than 30 seconds. After, it was an odd feeling-but nothing more than feeling like you have to poop. I was light headed for 3 minutes after. I ate crackers and drank water while sitting. I 'd advise eating before. I went in hungry and feel that is what made me light headed. I drove after and went to the market. The first hour after- I had the &quot;poop&quot; feeling, just awkward. It 's been 3 hours now and I feel totally normal. For now, I 'd highly recommend. Different for everyone though- so take meds and don 't make plans for the night. Relax! Will update soon.
I 've been on Contrave for just over one month. No notable side effects, other than I 'm now a very cheap date. The biggest thing I think it 's done for me is make food less shiny. It 's not a goal now, where I would be eating breakfast while planning lunch before. I don 't have trouble pushing away food on my plate, or not going back for seconds. I 'm offering to split things I want without feeling disappointed or cheated.Make sure to check out the manufacturers website, they offer free wireless scales and weight loss advice through the Scale Down program. Nice perk while you 're on it.
My toddler, who had been deemed &quot;Failure to Thrive&quot; for 2 1/2 yrs used this with success to gain weight. Negatively, I noticed he became quite more hyperactive than usual. This medicine will generally make children too sleepy, which is the main reason why they stop it, but in a normally hyperactive child it appears to do the opposite.
I have only 1 lobe of thyroid after having a weird mass.  For 2yrs the thyroid seemed to do ok.  Then bamm I became underactive.  I flat out told my Dr NO synthetics.  I wanted to try Amour.  I have been taking NP Thyroid for almost 3 weeks.  I do feel somewhat better but have noticed an extreme swing in my mood for a hour or so after taking it.  Also I feel like I wanna eat like there is no tomorrow
I am 35 years old and I have 6 kids, my doctor prescribed Pristiq to help with anxiety of day to day life. I have been on it for about 5 days now, for the first time in years I am finally sleeping through the night. But I am having some side effects, such as tiredness and increase in appetite. Hopefully this will subside with time.
I have been using Benlysta since April and it is doing wonders for me. Some mornings I tried but couldn 't get out of bed but not any more. I sleep well and have energy. My only problem is the weight gain. I started with every two weeks for 2 months and then once a  month. When I just started the medication I used to feel a funny feeling in my mouth, not anymore.
I have been on Tri-Sprintec for about a month now, and really like it! When I started, I did notice that I was a bit over-emotional, but my life in general was pretty stressful then so I 'm not sure it was the medicine. I have not experienced any negative side-effects yet, but I haven 't really noticed that it has cleared up my acne any. Periods are light and almost painless and I 'm definitely not pregnant, so it works for me!
Since I was put on 10mg =Valium 3x a day it has helped me get through work so much easier and takes away the anxiety and makes it all go away.  Currently I 've been tapering and I 'm now down to 0.5mg x2 a day.  I never thought I could wean off that easy but I 'm doing just fine.  Nuvigil and Valium have changed my life completely!  I also take 15- Seroquel XR and Mirtazapine to help me sleep at night.  There 's nothing like having a good feeling hard working day, then coming home to a hot shower and putting all my stress aside to just relax.  Valium has helped me do this, A LOT better than Ativan did.
Within 24 hours of beginning the medication my urinary tract pain was noticeably better. I had lots of anxiousness &amp; trouble sleeping though. This could be because I took the medication about 1 hour before dinner every night. Thanks for the helpful site.
Fantastic drug significantly reduce my sugar level by taking medicine and diet , I lost almost 10kg in 8 weeks of time only issue is frequent urination.
I wrote a few days ago on 11/13/15. I finally started feeling an increase in my mood over the weekend! It is still very early on, and I am only on Latuda 40mg, but this has left me feeling very optimistic! I got out of bed a little easier today, and when I got to work I had lots of energy. One of my friends texted me and I actually felt excited to text him back (most of my friends know that I 'm hard to get a hold of since I 've been so isolating). It 's still early in the morning as I write this, and my depression tends to get worse toward the end of the work day since I don 't know exactly what I will do with myself once I get home for the day, but I am feeling better and I can only hope things continue in this direction!
For the first 3 months I experienced terrible cramps and extremely heavy bleeding but then again, before I started taking this BC, I was on my period for a month straight with terrible cramps and heavy bleeding as well. This BC does a good job regulating my period and around month 4, bleeding was a bit lighter and cramping was not apparent at all. I am now on month 5 and I have been breaking out more- lot of icky whiteheads on my cheeks not sure if its cause of the BC, but my period is extremely light and I have no cramps whatsoever. At first I hated Estarylla but now I adore it cause my body just had to adjust after 4 years of abnormal menstrual cycles and menorrhagia.
I have been on this for quite some time for pain. After I had my gallbladder out, in 2007, I started having constant pain in my right side that feels like a side cramp that you get after running. Anyway...Ultram (Tramadol) has worked the best of everything the doctor has had me try. It gets rid of a lot of the pain and I 've had no side effects.
I have been taking spironolactone for about 4 months now. My skin is clearer and I have much fewer breakouts. When I first started taking it I had pretty bad orthostatic hypotension, I experienced excessive urinating (mainly right after I took the medication). My acne got worse and it took at least a month for my face to improve. My breast continues to be sore, I am lightheaded still, and I have lost weight. Mind you, I was loosing weight before I started to take this medication. I have noticed that my skin is really dry and becoming more wrinkles (although I 'm only 21 so not that wrinkly). My skin has also been itchy but not sure if that is only related to the dryness. This medicine works for acne but there are definite side effects.
I am only on my second month of this medicine.  My experience so far, the medicine is easy to to swallow it 's a small white pill. The dosage is all the same so if I get a day ahead ( take tuesdays pill instead of Mondays)  I am still putting the correct dose in my body. I have always had terrible periods lasting up to 7-9 days .with several very heavy days.  Not this time, my period was what I would call normal lasting 4 days only with one day heavier than others. My mood was a little out of whack at first.. but seems to have leveled out. Pimples so far seem about the same.. I still get some.  Normally I would have super cravings, didn 't seem to have them when I started my period.  I had no break thru bleeding.
My GP prescribed Neurontin to treat pain from PHN, increasing to 1800mg per day. After 6 weeks I find it does reduce pain to some extent and I am able to get a reasonable sleep. Side effects include ringing in ears and tingling in feet and hands, but I can put up with this. I was previously taking Lyrica but experienced very nasty side effects and had  to be weaned off it.
Spotting for the first 3 weeks and now it 's all normal, plus my sex drive has gone through the roof!
been on zolpidem for 10yrs.  Tolerance was so high it became ineffective.  started w/25mg. and kept getting up after about 3-4hrs (half life).   titrated to 50mg for 6 days and still not much better.  went to 75mg and moved time taken from 8:30pm to 9:30 and now when I do get up, I am falling back to sleep quickly.  I have found one needs to give these meds time to work.
I had very sudden onset post traumatic stress disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder and psychotic depression. What absolute hell I was going through for a good 18 months of doctors experimenting with different medicines on me. All the other antipsychotics had bad effects on me and made my depression worse. My last admission to hospital was for my own safety and as a last ditch effort when I was suicidal my psychiatrist thought we 'd try Saphris. Within 4 days I noticed a complete change for the better. It helps me sleep but I suspect it also takes away a bit of my drive to exercise which I hate because I used to work in the fitness industry. I do take 2 other medicines so it could be the combination. Generally a positive experience with this medication.
I 've been on Qvar 40 for 4 years because of drastically out of control asthma. It works great for controlling the asthma but it aggravates a heart condition that I have- PVC- so I 'm unable to use it as prescribed. Instead of twice a day I use it once every other day. About 2 months ago I ran out and couldn 't afford to get to the doctor for a new prescription so I just went without it. My breathing got so bad that I felt like I was living on my rescue inhaler. Just finally got my new prescription today and after one use I 'm already feeling better. The only downside to this medication is the cost and since I don 't have insurance it 's all out of pocket. 
This was much easier than expected. First I went on low fiber diet two days before taking it. One day (from mednight ) before procedure I went on clear liquid diet with no solid food. Then took GL at about 6 PM. No reaction until seventh 8 ounce glass of GL. Then it did the job it 's designed to do. No pains or cramps. The solution was cold and I got each glass down as fast as comfortably possible. Taste? I didn 't notice anything bad about it and did not add any flavoring. It 's like drinking a lot of water. Maybe they should have a beer flavor to make it go down even easier.
I have been on Lyza for 6 months. I got my period the first month after beginning, and have not seen it since. I was not having any side effects until recently I have been having very tender breasts, mood swings, and bloating. I have taken two home pregnancy tests and both came up negative. I have gained 5 pounds since beginning Lyza and I do like it, but not menstruating is scary, especially when other symptoms begin to show up, similar to pregnancy side effects.
I was prescribed propranolol 4 years ago and was on 160mg daily for around a year and it worked straight away. Took away the racing heart and trembling hands and made me feel normal, after around 6 months I started to feel light headed and dizzy and was moved down to 80mg daily which I was on for around 2 years, when I felt I was on better control of my panic attacks I started to titrate down the propranolol as you are not allowed to just stop taking it and this is the downside, as when my panic attacks where under control, I was starting to get a racing heart and trembling again as the doctors where trying to get my titration rate sorted out and I was moved down too quickly. It took 18 months to do this which was the downside.
I have been on Yasmin for about 3 years. For the first year, there was little to no weight gain. Second year I found my appetite was never satisfied with whatever I ate. I could just keep eating and eating if it tasted good. Not sure if that was my fault or if it was the pill. Now, as for year three, experiencing severe depression I cry for no reason and it will be all day and I can 't stop. I have started spotting and almost getting a full on period the week before my period. I gave it a 7 because it has been pretty good to me other than these things to be able to stay on it for 3 years, but I think if you 're on it for too long it can have some bad side effects. It was AWESOME for the first year or so.
I have been taking this medication for about 2 months . First I took the 25mg it worked for a few weeks then stopped so I bumped it up to the 50mg it works but I 'm going. It doesn 't stop working like the 25mg did ....... due to the side effects I 'm having I think I 'm going to quit taking this medication ...... headaches , confusion , blurry vision , leg cramps , high blood pressure , rapid heart beating , dry mouth , anxiety , not sleeping if I take it at night , uti , chest tightness ......
I got this as my first birth control experience at the age of 17. When I first got it, I didn 't realize that all of the side effects I was having were caused by this. I gained some weight. I was moody and had zero sex drive. I also had irregular periods which I never had before. I would bleed for a couple days after every sexual encounter. I won 't lie, I had a promiscuous year during year 3 of having this. I didn 't have a single pregnancy scare. But after the first year of having Implanon, my side effects subsided. I love it. I am so glad that I have it. I had it replaced last summer and saw a few side effects from it. Just irregular periods again. But it is so worth it. A year of side effects is nothing compared to being a mom.
After years of being told I had IBS-D and it was all in my head, I was finally diagnosed as having UC.  I was so sick at that point I was considering going on disability.  After two weeks of Lialda, I started to improve and soon could live somewhat of a normal life, although with a very restricted diet.  A routine blood test 11 months later showed that my kidneys had been damaged by this anti-inflammatory.  I got off Lialda immediately but four months later my creatinine level is still too high.  I never had any kidney trouble before taking Lialda.
As someone who has suffered with chronic bronchitis most of my adult life, have used CEPHALEXIN for these URTI for years, it has &amp; is working for me when things looked really bad; usually in just a few days I am on the mend and with in a week or so the nasty cough is gone. The stuff saved me from being admitted into the Hospital yet once again.
I 'm just finishing up my first month of Junel fe and I 'm pretty pleased. I was put on Junel fe for acne and to be honest I was really skeptical because of all the negative reviews. I had an initial minor breakout but ever since then my skin has been clearing up. I 've given it a 7/10 because I 've noticed slight weight gain (2 pounds) and weird mood swings. But I would strongly recommend this birth control.
Taking for 2 months prior to ablation, and 1 month after. It seems really strong at first, kinda makes you dizzy, but i got used to it within a few days. I can 't say I 've had any problems with it at all, other then being in the sun/heat seems to make me very tired very quickly. Keeps my rhythm good. I wanted to say, not being sick or dealing with pain or excessive stress is a MASSIVE part of staying in rhythm. The heart will react to anything wrong or unusual with the body. Even a cold/flu or even allergy symptoms.
Good Med! Little skeptical about helping me. I have a bad habit of changing my dosages on my own. I find 200mg to be good. I take Latuda as well which is a anti-depressant booster sort of. Appetite is normal sometimes not as bad as I thought. No vomiting but diarrhea instead. I have a bad gall bladder which needs to be removed maybe why I 'm so loose on the stool. Stick with it.
Well the first 2 months on Microgestin Fe 1/20 my period didn 't regulate until the third month. I started the 4th month pack &amp; got my period a week before &amp; it 's a super light flow. I called my doctor &amp; they prescribed me a higher dosage 1.5/30 and they said for sure my period should cut off &amp; regulate. But I didn 't have any side effects or weight gain or bad acne. I 'm going to finish this first pack if I don 't like it then I 'll switch to Aviane.
I 've been diagnosed with type 2 for about 17 years. Started out with diet and exercise then pills then insulin once a day then twice a day now four times a day. Started 100mg invokana about two months ago .. Yes more urination, no yeast infections, cut my insulin in half, numbers are much better but recent blood test has shown tryglicerides have almost tripled. Still on 100 mg but will probably have to come off .. Which really sucks
I began taking Nuvigil for Idiopathic Hypersomnia about two weeks ago. I have found it works well. I like that I don 't get that &quot;speed&quot; effect. I still feel like I could take a nap during the day, I just don 't have as strong of a desire to. I think I am developing a tolerance for it, though. The main problem that I have with this medication though is that after being on it about a week and a half I noticed that I had some spotting. I have been on my birth control for over a year and that has NEVER happened. 
I have been on this pill for about 4 months and it has been helpful. My cramping has gotten less severe and I don 't seem to be experiencing any side effects. My acne has gotten better, and my breast are occasionally sore but nothing to extreme. There has been no change in my sex drive my only issue is that I miss my period occasionally.
I went on my first pack this month and am taking my third week right now and just experienced some major break through bleeding ( which I guess is normal so well see how it keeps going) but as far as my acne I used to have insane cysts on my cheeks and chin. Within one week, I had no cysts but just minor small pimples which I 'm totally fine with. So I 'm on my third week and I don 't get the painful cysts anymore. I just had one or two small ones on my chin but that 's it!  would recommend for acne but the break through bleeding scared me.
My sixteen year old son began taking 15mg of the generic Focalin and had great results, unfortunately the side effects are beginning to bother him after one year of successfully taking the medicine. It seems the gastrointestinal issues are making him weary and he has asked to discontinue the medicine despite the stellar grades. Hoping a switch to a lower dose may work.
I have been on Zoloft (Lustral/ Sertraline)  UK) on and off for 20 years. I trust it. I have never written about it online or discussed it much with anybody other than medical professionals. I am writing this for those that are in the first 6 weeks of treatment. I take 50-150mg, usually the maintenance dose of 50mg is enough. Sometimes I will take it up to 75mg and rarely up to 100mg. On 50mg, no side effects at all after 8 weeks of treatment. 75mg and upward causes problems in the man department for me. I change dose at  /- 25mg at a time. I would never dream of going straight to 50mg, but that 's just me. Weeks 3-6 you to just have to grin and bear it. You will not feel like that forever, it goes away and you will feel well. I promise.
I 've been taking Bydureon for 2 months and have knots at each injection site.  The last one is red and itchy.  Won 't see the doctor for another three weeks so hopefully the A1C is much better.  I 've lost 10 pounds, have slight nausea and occasional low blood sugar.  Because of my lifelong aversion to needles, my husband gives me my shot, bless him.  I just cannot make myself do the injection.  I experience a good bit of stinging when the medication is going in.  I 'd been taking Januvia for a couple of years and have developed nodules (benign, so far) on my thyroid.  I 'm concerned that my doc prescribed Bydureon given my recent thyroid history.
I have hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy and take metoprolol twice a day to keep my heart rate lowered and blood pressure down. It does the job well, but the side affects are rough to handle sometimes. Such as dizziness, sleepless nights, daytime drowsiness, forgetfulness, and depression but, i 'm still coping after about four years and i guess on for the rest of my life. But if i can manage after three brother suicides than so can you.
I 've been taking Lexapro for about 5 months now. They started me at 10 mg and three months ago bumped me up to 20 mg. I 've struggled with chronic depression for about five or six years now. Used to be a self harmer but with Lexapro things don 't trigger me as much as they used to. Today I missed a dose and honestly feel like totally poop so I was just looking to see if that 's normal. Feel kinda suicidal because I didn 't take it today but that 's pretty normal anyways. I feel like Lexapro is not really a crutch as much as something like Xanax is. I have a prescription for Xanax as well. Would recommend Xanax for anxiety. But I have depression and anxiety, so I need both. Hope this helps. Would definitely recommend Lexapro. I feel tons better.
I have been on Zoloft for just over a year. I take 75-100 mg daily. I 'm definitely more comfortable in social situations. My only complaints are drowsiness and not really having ANY emotions. It did help a lot when I was downsized. I 'm still looking for a job but it seems to help with anxieties associated with job interviews. People say I 'm a HAPPY person now.
Very effective medicine, get gastric issues though as side effect. Using since 1 year.
I waited a week to start because of all the problems people had. I noticed I already had many of these symptoms! So when I started I didn 't really notice anything different. I 've been on it for about a month and have lost 6 pounds. It definitely takes work on my part, and I 'm not constantly thinking about food! I actually put my hand in a big bag of m&amp;m 's and grabbed a handful. I was able to let them go and not eat any!! I was ok with it! I will say though, as HYPOthyroid for many years, suddenly my thyroid was working TOO well! My thyroid meds had to be lowered. I 've never had that happen. Other than that, I feel ok and need to keep going! Good luck all!
I have dealt with horrible migraines pretty much on a daily basis for almost 14 years now. My Neurologist says I have some of the worst he 's ever seen in all the years he 's been in practice. I receive Botox treatments every 3 months and the only medicine that really alleviates the pain after trying dozens is Norco. Insurance wants to charge $32.00 per pill which I cannot afford, so luckily I get a few samples each month. With the exception of a couple times treximet always seems to help with in about a half hour or so. I would recommend treximet to anybody who has true migraine issues.
So far I have had a very good experience with the Skyla. I am 21 years old with no children or previous pregnancies. I was totally against IUD 's until I didn 't really have any other birth control options due to health problems. I was pretty anxious about insertion, but it felt like mild cramping with burning and a small amount of pressure. After day 3 I couldn 't even tell I had it. I 've had random spotting but no heavy bleeding. Haven 't had my first period yet, but I will update after I have. So far so good!
This birth control is awesome as far as its effectiveness with preventing unplanned pregnancy and increasing your bra cup size! The only draw back I would say is that the pill had me bleeding constantly. It wasn 't light spot bleeding but full cycle bleeding maybe 80% of the time for the first 2 months on the pill. Other than the bleeding the pill is great with no other side effects.
I am 25 years old, and I have had the Mirena implant for 2 years. I had it put in a month after I gave birth. It is a very effective birth control, but I have noticed a change in my sex drive. Or non existent sex drive. My skin also feels more oily than it was before. Overall, I think it is doing the job, but it could be better.
I 've had my Mirena for 5 weeks.  I am 24 yo and childless. I was on the Nuvaring before but I had gained some body fat in my lower abdominals and opted out of it. (I 'm a fitness model) I had it inserted roughly two days before I was supposed to have my regular period. Insertion was extremely painful, I cramped very bad and I fainted. I woke in a cold sweat. Extremely nauseous, dizzy. I cramped off and on for about a week and had heavy bleeding for 9 days.  It went away.  Occasionally after sex, I will cramp for a few seconds but nothing serious.  I had a light period 4 weeks later for two days.  (Used to have heavy ones for 4-5 days).  Acne during period and some tender breasts.  Symptoms seem to be diminishing.  Will keep for the term!
Mirena was the most convenient birth control method that I had used (out of the pill and the IUD) and I did not mind it at all. Overall, Mirena was great but I had only had it for 9 months. I wasn 't getting my period and I wasn 't too happy with that (as odd as that sounds). I just wanted to be regulated and have a lighter period, but I didn 't want it to be completely eliminated. Because of that, it had me paranoid and I would have to take a pregnancy test every month. Other than that, it was fine. My boyfriend and I both couldn 't feel the strings and there was nothing wrong. I 'm 18 and I just figured that I should try another form of birth control that allows me to still have regular bleeding.
I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia 14 years ago.  I have done the rigamarole of drugs for pain and sleep...spent years running on 2 hours sleep here and there and unable to function normally.  Tramadol used to provide adequate pain relief but my insurance stopped covering it and I could not afford it after that.  Muscle relaxants helped for a while but over time they became less helpful.  Eventually I stopped taking them.  Recently my doctor put me on Gabapentin and for the first time in years I got some real sleep and my pain is dulled to a low roar. The brain fog happens when dosage is increased but subsides after a few days...overall I can function at a higher level than ever before.  It is a good compromise for me!
My son is 10 and I have known for a long time he had inattentive ADHD, but his school didn 't want to help me get a diagnosis, and I was trying to tell myself he didn 't have it. He changed schools this year, now a 5th grader, and I happened to ask his teacher how his attention and focus was. He was unfocused during the day. They did a time on task and it showed he was 40% more off task than his peers during different times in the day. His teacher and I filled out the normal forms which ask how unfocused rating 1-5 etc. and our answers were near identical. His doctor saw the info and sure enough, an ADHD diagnosis.  He was put on 20mg Vyvanse just this week, and he seems so much more focused!
Taste awful.. taste like a over salted glass of water with a hint of lemon. Could not get it down in the hour it took almost 2 hours to get the first liter down. Easier to drink when cold (but still REALLY hard to get down). Worked really well for me, didn 't stay to far from the bathroom. Very expensive though.
I can not yet tell you if this works or not for my tooth infection. HOWEVER, what I can tell you is to NEVER NEVER LAY DOWN AFTER TAKING THIS MEDICINE FOR AT LEAST 30 MINUTES. I did last night, and thought I was having a heart attack. I had major chest pains. WORST HEART BURN I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED! 
I 'm giving this pill an 8 because, for me, it had very minimal side effects. I didn 't gain any weight, it cleared any blemishes, and experienced no mood swings/depression. However, I did experience SEVERE spotting and breakthrough bleeding, even after being on the pill for three months. My doctor told me to give my body three months to adjust and during my fourth month on this pill, I bled for the entire first week of my fourth pack! Therefore, it feels like I 'm getting a period (or at least have to wear pads) twice a month. The spotting is absolutely annoying and I 'm strongly considering switching to another pill or just taking myself off of birth control entirely.
I 've been taking Contrave for 18 days. I 've lost 8 pounds and I feel fantastic! The side effects were minimal. Headache the first day. Just a weird groggy feeling and a little anxiety for a couple of days. Small things to deal with for the positive effects. Not just weight loss, but physically feeling good. I don 't snack and I eat smaller portions. Things I used to look forward to eating don 't even sound tempting. I 'm excited to see what happens when I incorporate a little more exercise into my daily routine.
Made me sleepy but, as I 've been on it for years, it doesn 't have that effect on me anymore. No other side effects. Also, helped with my trichotiliomania.
Would be nice if you could remove the ingredients that make it time release
The first week I took this pill I lost an unexpected 15lbs! I was on it for 3 months. The amazing uplifting increase in energy and decrease in appetite was astonishing. I had to force myself to eat. I felt like super woman. I did learn that taking this pill too late has some horrible insomnia effects so take it ASAP. Downfall, after the first few months the &quot;energy effect&quot; wears off and the dramatic weight loss slows
Love the no periods part ..hated the constant cystic acne on my chin that doesn 't seem to go away with anything ..no mood swings no weight gain no complains except for the acne .oh and the price .
Having dealt with death of husband, shifts in job responsibilites, grad school and child, I was in the midst of massive depression and anxiety.  I was on Ambien 10 mg for 8 months, which helped, I slept but the fact of addiction was ever present.  I was switched to gabapentin by my neurologist for migraines, and taken off the Ambien.  I thought at first it was useless, I was wired and wide awake, but by the third to fourth day, I noticed I was dreaming again, which I had rarely done in 9 months.  I feel much more rested, where as I had been taking naps any day I could, due to insomnia even on Ambien, and hardly need to now.  I do feel somewhat groggy, but I only take it at night, and it is 600 mg. dose.
First was put on Zoloft. Went off it due to the side effects. Then was put on Celexa. No side effects, and after only a week I feel great. The medicine works.
Well i was 15 when i started getting acne n it kept on getting worse! After 4 Years to that my dermatologist suggested me Doxybact 100 that i cud take hardly for a week bc i got a severe form of allergic reaction so i had to stop takin it. But now after 4 years to even that i started takin it again n it did wonders! It just cleared my skin well!! I m v happy with the results bc no cream gel facewash had ever helped me this way! The only reason i hav rated this 7 is that it works only if i am takin it continuously! If i stop takin it my acne come back even within 20 days! Thats the worst part but otherwise its amazin!!
I have been on generic 25mg daily dose for a week now for migraines. Positive is that I finally have a break in the migraine of 8 plus days, no tingling in extremities as others mentioned. No additional mental fog. Cola taste flat and that is a plus to me as I need to drink more water. Negative is the nausea that occurs after I take the pill and it is horrible but I counter it with a suppository of phenegrin(sp). Of course that knocks me out for hours. I was to increase dosage to 50mg but doctor gave okay to wait another week. This is a promising option for me after 16 yrs of suffering. And I have tried numerous meds over that time.
I have had problems with my knees for few years, sometimes had to use a cane and then others just hurt when I bend down or go upstairs. Osteoarthritis. I took a Synvisc-One shot today and it did not hurt at all. The doctor numbed the area up before inserting the needle. I am hoping it works as well as I 've heard it does.
When I get sick, within 24 hrs, it goes into infection. This is the only shot that is strong enough to help the infection. My immune system cannot fight for me anymore and win, I only wish the shot had cured this infection. I had one on Thursday and after the injection at the dr office, within 8 hrs, all of the symptoms went away but came back 3 days later so I have to go back again today.
Starting second week usage of Erythropoetin for possible kidney failure but definite anemia on a 6-7 year old black Labrador.  Seems to be recovering slowly along with doses of amlodipine/norvasc, enalapril and doxycycline.
This medication for fatigue is really helpful. Being a mom of 2 boys I always have to be up and going. This is really a lifesaver.
I have taken a lot of medicines and hated all of them or they didn 't work for me. This one actually works but my sex drive, well I have none now and that in turn makes me depressed so I think my doctors going to have to try something else.
Pricey but works well. Usually takes about 45 minutes to take effect.
I have suffered with RA from the age of 5 so for 45 years of pain.  I am starting at the lowest dose with good results and limited side effects. Will probably need to incr. dose at next visit. But finally have some hope for a pain free day.
Ok into week 3 now.. Started on .06ml and Starting weight 86kgs just weighed myself tonight after gym 81.55kgs so almost a 5kgs loss. Its definitely a visible loss around my waist. Although I did jump to 1.2ml in week 2 and started 1.8ml in week 3 but had to drop back to 1.2ml as it was way too strong and nausea killed me. Will stick to 1.2ml for the time being seeing good results with 4 1/2 pens still to go. Looking promising :)
I stopped running marathons, something I really enjoyed. My arthritis has put a stop to any running. Now, I walk 5-6 miles every other day with a pair of weights around my ankles. My arthritis kept me up at night until I started my Synvisc-One injections. I get one in each knee every 6 months; they really make a difference.
Kadian has been an amazingly helpful medication for me. I take 14 medications daily, four of those medications are for severe pain. And until the doctor added Kadian the pain just was not giving me any breaks. I have been on Kadian for about four years now I would rather die than miss even one dose as it 's that important to the quality of my life. To be fair I do have some side effects I consider to be mild and not worth even mentioning one thing to say that is important I am physically addicted to this medicine missing a dose makes me sick sick sick but then again I don 't miss doses anyway because of my pain levels however the pharmacy doc or insurance will mess up once in awhile so I do suffer missing doses once in awhile
I took Saphris for about 3 months for very, very mild schizoaffective disorder. I have body paranoia, delusions, constant fear, anxiety, severe depression, anorexia (unrelated) etc. This medication took all of that away. I was happy, smiling more, being more social, I was eating more again and even got back to a healthy weight (intentional gains) However, after being on it for 3 months I found myself unable to do every day tasks. My mental ability to do anything was gone, totally. My mental functioning got so bad I had to have an accommodation through HR at work so I didn 't lose my job while I got off the meds. Overall, super helpful. But that whole brain not working was a dealbreaker. I was so sad to get off Saphris. Back to square one.
I started taking Savella in Jan 2013 after years of other meds for my fibromyalgia. I 've had it diagnosed since 1997. The worst side effect is the huge sweats.  It was like going through the menopause again. Whew....and I 've lost weight, which is a good thing.  This sweating may be going away, since I only had three sweat attacks this week.  Great med for calming down the fibromyalgia symptoms.
I have been on paxil for almost a year now for anxiety. It works most of the time. I do not have hard core panic attack anymore. My only gripe is if I miss a day I have crazy brain fuzz,  I seem to eat more, and I do not really care about anything.
Been on Latuda for 2 months and for the first time in years I feel happy and content plus I 'm not flip flopping between mad confusion to hyperactive depression anymore.  It gives me that second to think before I react and that has been all the time I need to see where I could go down the angry paranoid path or CHOOSE to take another route.  My anxiety is almost gone with or without benzo 's. I smile and have a positive outlook on things now.  The only reason I didn 't give it a 10 is as of now it creates a very uncomfortable energy almost like I can 't keep still.  So worth it to me I can deal with that.  I have been on all the anti crazy and bat shit loony meds out there and this so far has been the best.
I had my Implanon inserted in August 2011. The procedure was absolutely painless, only bad result was the ugly bruise, but it went away. No scar and no need to remember taking it everyday, I love it! No bad side effects, it actually helped me lose a few pounds! Although I have had light bleeding for about 2 months now but it doesn 't affect my relationship or sex drive. I 'm as happy as I was before I got it. I 'm anxious for the bleeding to stop completely but other than that it 's GREAT!
I am currently using Zyclara for a basal cell in my ear. I have had this before about 7 years ago and used Aldara at the time that completely cured it. I was prescribed this cream this time at my doc 's recommendation because it is a little milder than Aldara and the skin is thinner in the ear. I have been using this now for 3 weeks without any breaks and have 3 more weeks to go as per my derm. I haven 't had any flu like symptoms and side effects are just on the treated area, extreme swelling, raw skin, oozing, redness, slight burning and scabbing. I started with one spot that looked like a pimple and with the cream came many more. Once I 'm done I am hoping obviously that my basal cell is gone and my ear looks like an ear again.
I started Tri Sprintec 3 months ago for my 15 year struggle with acne. I am 35 years old and haven 't been able to battle acne until now.....sort of. It has cleared my acne by like 90%! It probably would of been 100% if it wouldn 't make me stay on my period for 3 weeks at a time. I have ALWAYS been regular with no cramps or period problems until now. I still have no cramps, but my period comes on whenever it feels like it! So annoying. I also have had tender breasts. I 'm already a DDD so I don 't need any growing there please! Other than that....I love that fact that my face is clearing up...I can deal with the other problems as long as my acne is GONE!!
Very positive results in the beginning but now I feel sleepy and unmotivated. My mood is stable however, keeping away the depression so far. Gained weight on it.
I have hurt for the last 3 weeks really bad.  I hurt so bad. I have taken 3 antibiotics the last 3 weeks. I finally decided it was enough and went to my Urologist. I was in so much pain. I was in tears. It was nonstop pain. My urologist told me that I had a stone or stones. My urologist prescribed me a pain med and Flomax.  I thought Flomax was just for men. I looked it up and found out that it is used for kidney stones. I have taken Flomax once a day since Thursday and now I have no pain. I feel I passed the stone early this morning or it moved somewhere else. I am not hurting. I am so glad. I don 't even know how to act, because I have been in so much pain for so long. I am set up for a CAT scan on Monday.
It doesn 't eliminate all of the anxiety, but it takes the big edge off, enough for you to calm down on your own.
I have had chronic insomnia for 5 years.  I struggle to fall asleep, and once I 'm asleep, I never sleep longer than 45 minutes - 1 hour without waking up.  I take Ambien when I can afford it, so I have to limit myself to only a few times a week. I was given a sample pack of Silenor about a year ago, but the online reviews made me not want to try it.  I was desperate last night, so I tried one 3mg. My heart raced and it did not make me sleepy. I took another half 3mg. and finally dozed off about an hour later. The amazing thing is that even though I never felt sleepy from it like I do with Ambien,  I actually slept for 3 straight hours on the Silenor.  I do have a tiny headache today, so I don 't know if I will take it again.
Keeps my blood pressure down. I have been taking it for 5 months, I now have muscle cramps, and have a problem sleeping. I am going to try a new medicine, I can 't take the severe cramping in my body.
I 've been on Qsymia since Feb. 12th.  I started at 209lbs and am now 192lbs, I 'm 5 '3&quot; and 66.  I 'm getting ready to start on the next dosage 11.25/69mg hoping that will speed things up a bit.  This last month has been really slow.  The cost is just prohibitive. I can only afford another month or so then will have to try and maintain/lose on my own, which I 've clearly not been been successful doing.  I 've not had any side effects and would continue this medicine as long as it worked if I could afford it.
I was on it for about 5 &quot;cycles&quot; which is about 15 months. After the first month I did not get my period anymore OR spotting. I have been off of it for almost a year and still haven 't gotten my period. For me it was quick easy convenient, I had no side effects what so ever...except the WEIGHT GAIN. I started right after I had my daughter and I was about 215. I am now pushing 270 (don 't judge). I fully understand the shot itself cannot make you gain weight, it just gives you more of an appetite but my god, that 's a lot of weight in a year and a half. I am also convinced it messed with my metabolism but there 's no medical evidence I can find to support that. It 's also scary how strong of a dose of hormones it is.
I am 68 and have been using Avodart and Tamusolin together now for about a month.  A serious side effect suffered is extreme difficulty obtaining an erection and/or ejaculation.  A minor side effect has been light-headedness.  At my age the serious side effect does not really bother me but being light-headed is a concern in my employment as a transit driver.  I believe the Tamusolin is the light-headedness culprit but my doctor does not want me to continue it much longer.
Nasonex worked great for what it was intended. My nasal passages opened up during the worst allergy season on record, and I didn 't want to scratch my face off. I had to stop using it though because it was causing tension headaches and eye weirdness. I even stopped and started again to make sure it was the Nasonex, and it was. Oh well. It 's worth trying if your insurance covers it, otherwise it 's $200+...
Have been on this med for over six months.  I have unstable blood pressure with occasional surges to between 170 and 210 lasting from hours to a few days.  This drug tends to control the surge peaks better than any other med to date.  Side effects are similar to other posts.  Being sleepy and overwhelming drowsy during the day is an issue.  I can handle the dry mouth but the sleepy issue is becoming worse with time on the drug not better.  I am a 76 year old male.  The drug keeps my pressure between 130 and 160 which may still be high but A-OK by my history. One other side effect seems to be opposite to one post is that I have to go to the BR at least four times each night. I take it between 5 and 6PM.
I started taking Hysingla 40 mg about 10 days ago. It does take the pain away about 80% of the time. I wake up thru the night with only about 3 hours sleep.  I also have terrible headaches now. I don 't know if any of this is related to my medication as I checked the side effects, but this has only started since then.  You would think taking pain medication I wouldn 't have headaches. Talking to my pain management Dr next week.
This has helped me for years. Had weight gain when first started but have identified the issues and work towards balancing.
I 've taken this pill for about 2 weeks and so far. My acne has cleared up significantly, I 've actually lost weight but my breast size went up by a cup size and my moods have evened out a lot. My boyfriend noticed the difference immediately.
I 've been on Beyaz for 1 month. It 's the first kind I 've tried and it 's worked pretty good for me so far. The only problem is that I have moments where I get extremely moody. My hunger has increased and I get headaches more often than usual. Also towards the end of the pack I started spotting a lot. Other than that I 'm happy with it. The side effects aren 't too bad so I can 't complain. They will probably go away since I 've only been on it for a month and my body 's still getting used to it.
Have been taking this medicine for re-occurring UTI 's; I take 500mg four times a day for 10 days. I have noticed that people have put mouth pain as a side effect, to be specific with me my tongue hurt which I found out it was &quot;thrush&quot;. Easily taken care of with rinsing mouth out with colloidal silver or you can call your dentist and do what he/she recommends.  I have had the abdominal pain and diarrhea however to relieve me of the UTI this was well worth it.
Took this medication for about 6 months.  Quit smoking.  Taste buds changed.  No more migraines.  I stopped taking it because I started having severe muscle twitching.  I did not loose any weight for which I was disapointed.  I have decided to try again starting at a lower dose and not to increase as quickly as before.  I really did enjoy being headache free and it also improved my mood.
I think I have had anxiety and depression all my life. I kept ruining all my relationships because I had delusions of being cheated on and consequently kept accusing my partner(s). The patience of my second husband and seeing his pain propelled me to see a psychiatrist willingly (before this I was dragged there and refused to take medications) who prescribed me to Lexapro 10mg after dinner everyday. For the first 2 weeks, nothing changed in terms of my negative attitude towards my partner. The side effects were terrible, it felt like being pregnant, I was so nauseus sometimes I would lay in bed all day. After week 3 the sun seemed to shine brighter. I look at everyone positively. I am happier. My husband is crazy in love with me. Thank you
I took 2.5 mg. for about a week and it helped incredibly. Then I began taking 5 mg. and after a few weeks I realized that it didn 't help as much as the 2.5 mg. that I took before so I went back to taking only 2.5 mg. and it really helps. If it doesn 't help you need to try taking different amounts and see what works for you.
I just finished my 3rd series of 3 shots each. Give it 2-3 to weeks after your last shot. Stay away from cardio and ice it daily. This is truly an amazing product. It hurts during and after and take it easy.
Elevated blood pressure and increased heart rate due to long term undertreated high blood pressure. Metoprolol worked wonders. Been on it for a year - the side effects are strange dreams (not scary...just strange) and exercise difficulties. My doctor recommended sticking with 80% of exercise target heart rate. If you 're having side effects, give this medication a couple months to work. It will get better. Make sure your doctor monitors your triglycerides and blood sugar while on any beta blocker. My triglycerides shot through the roof, but now under control with fish oil. 
At the end of week three I was down 10 pounds without changing my eating habits. Worse side effect is constipation but it has gotten better. I find that I eat less, I put thought into what I eat and I have made healthier choices. My mood has been better and I feel more balanced than I used to so that is a plus. I 'm going to try a low fat diet and see what happens,
I took it for the first time today. My migraine was gone within an hour; however, it made me really sleepy.  Three hours later, I 'm still very groggy.  Next time, I think I 'll stay home from work and sleep it off.  But missing work is what I 'm trying to avoid.  I 'm incredibly thrilled that my migraine is gone, though.
I am on Lyrica in conjunction with Ultram and Cymbalta, with a little Flexeril thrown in occasionally.  I take 150 mg of Lyrica in the morning and 225 mg at night.  Since I have been on the higher dosages, it has definitely made a difference.  I still have some really bad days of fibromyalgia pain, but those usually precede getting my period.
So this product really works.  It just causes intense itching and irritation first, probably worse than the actual yeast infection. But once the agonizing symptoms go away so does the yeast infection. It 's incredibly hard not to scratch. But believe me I used the 3day packet was in agony every time I used it but once it was done the symptoms completely vanished
I 've had skyla for about 2 years and it 's had its ups and downs. But I don 't entirely blame the contraception itself; my doctor is an idiot. Anyway, I still get my period but it 's just spotting, almost like when you 're period is ending. I never need a tampon because it isn 't heavy enough. There are times where I will randomly feel pain under my belly button when I stretch, and my fianc
I 've always had good luck using  this for bladderpain...although I read where the active ingredient phenazopyridine HCl. Has been found  to cause intestinal cancer in laboratory rats and liver cancer in lab mice...this is concerning to me and should  very well be  to all. Just an FYI.
Xarelto seems to work for thinning the blood and allowing clot reabsorption but it causes bleeds particularly heavy periods. This major side effect which obviously affects women but not men does not seem to be addressed by Xarelto and therefore it is under researched. Heavy periods are associated with anemia which in turn can cause heart and other organ problems as well as cause fatigue and weak immune system apart from the obvious life style inconvenience to women sufferers.
I have been using Tactuo for about two months to treat severe cystic acne. So far so good! I do still have scarring and dark spots but they are fading with time. The first couple of weeks were really terrible- more acne than I had ever had, dry burning skin. But it gets better! I usually take one night off of the gel per week to give my face a break, but still use the Cetaphil foam wash every morning and evening. My oily skin has been significantly balanced out and I am hoping it keeps up. It should be noted that I started Diane 35 the same time as the Epiduo. Whether it 's the gel or the combination of birth control and gel, I 'm not sure. All I know is I am not crying myself to sleep every night and my confidence is returning!
Suprep was the most vile tasting liquid I have ever encountered.  My first dose I added a lemon flavoring.  Awful.  Terrible.  But I chugged it down somehow.  Then came the two 16 glass of water. . . I was so bloated, and my stomach hurt - it was like I had the worst case of flu possible.  The first dose worked within a half hour and lasted FIVE hours.  Now the second dose.  I did not add anything to the  Suprep except the water - no flavoring.  OMG, I could not get the entire dose down.  I left only perhaps two gulps.  Once again, the dose worked quickly and I thought I was completely cleaned out.  However, after my procedure today, my doctor told me I was not cleaned out, but the Dr. was able to complete the procedure.
I&rsquo;m 49, with hereditary cystic acne w/hormonal component. I&rsquo;ve tried everything with various degree of success for limited time. Birth control pills; accutane;  Minocycline, which helped but caused teeth discoloration!  Topical washes, BP, proactive&mdash;everything limited. Blue light therapy seems to help but caused hyper pigmentation four me. My sister recommended 0.04% micro gel, which I have been using for about 3 weeks. Redness and bumps ensued but didn&rsquo;t know to wait the 20 min to apply after washing! Also using 302 (Brand) for inflammatory skin, which is helping (recommend). My skin is still breaking out but healing way faster w/some peeling but pitting is improving! I&rsquo;m hopeful at last. Definitely the cystic pain is better. Clarisonic @PM helps.
I 've been on Requip for 5 years. Unfortunately I started having breakthroughs daily. I was then placed on Neurontin along with the Requip.  This was successful after upping the Neurontin dosage to a level of 1,200mg daily at bedtime along with 6 mg of the Requip.
I am 31 yrs old and have fought migraines for 9 years. I took Topamax several years ago and decided I did not like side effects and wanted to try other medications. After trying MANY different medications and being sent from one doctor to another for daily chronic migraines that took over my life nothing was working. Recently I decided to give Topamax one more try. Within 2 weeks I have felt better than I have in two years. I still have small but manageable headaches and expect them to get better because I am slowly upping dose to 4/day. Good luck to all of you with migraines, if you haven 't tried Topamax you should give it a try.
So I took Diclegis for the first time last night after my doctor prescribed it. My first pregnancy I was sick for all nine months, multiple times a day. I am not almost seven weeks with my second, and the nausea and vomiting is starting again. I took the pill around 7pm which may have been a little too early. I did notice about an hour after taking the pill I did get some slight chest pains but nothing too serious. I slept like a baby all night, only getting up once to use the bathroom around 5am. The reason I gave the drug a rating of 7/10 is because of how I am feeling this morning. I have not had any nausea or vomiting, and have actually been able to eat a decent breakfast this morning. I am however stuck in this constant fog.
DO NOT TAKE 3 LIKE THE BOX SAYS OR YOU WILL BE SORRY! I have never been constipated however new meds did a number on me. Read the box and I took 3 because I haven 't gone on a week and I needed to go. Boy was that the biggest mistake. I had to sleep near the bathroom because my stomach was cramping but I was all popped out. Nothing left to give but my stomach feels as of I still need to go. 24hrs later my stomach is still cramping. Wish I read these comments before I tool them.
Hairdresser kept noticing each time I went for a trim that my hair was getting thinner. That 's when I decided to go &amp; see my GP for a referral to dermatologist who put me onto minoxidil which did absolutely nothing except cause me inconvenience.  So I went back to my GP &amp; told them I wanted a referral to an endocrinologist who prescribed Spironolactone 200mg/daily. I have been taking 2 tablets daily since April 2016. I didn 't see an immediate difference at first, but then one day I noticed new hair growth on my forehead. It was growing back grey! Then out of the blue for some unknown reason my hair started falling out again, especially whilst shampooing in the shower. It is a constant battle picking up loose hair off the bathroom floor
Have been taking Methadone, Zanaflex and Mobic for quite a while for both Fibromyalgia and Rheumatoid Arthritis.  Tried Neurotin but it knocked me flat, finally switched to Lyrica, but I am so medicine sensitive that can only take 25mg in a.m. and 50 mg. at night. It is helping, however I become groggy and have gained 20 lbs. The weight gain doesn 't help the Fibromyalgia, but the pain is unbearable so will take it.
Had psoriasis on elbows and a touch on scalp. Within 1/3-1/2 of tube twice a day application and cleared up. Applied before bed and in morning. Used either old cotton sock or &quot;tub dressing&quot;Its Been 8 months and no re-appearance of psoriasis.
This is the only BC I 've ever taken so I can 't really compare it to others, but it 's been good for me. Haven 't gained any weight, and it makes my period regular. When I first started taking it, I didn 't start the pack when I was supposed to because I only get my period a few times a year. I bled for like 3 weeks, but after that I was normal. It hasn 't caused me to gain weight, but I do think I am a bit more emotional than before. My skin is much clearer since taking it
I took the Depo-Provera shot starting from 16-20. I absolutely loved the shot other than not ever really knowing when my period was going to be. I actually lost weight on the shot and my breast grew larger than before. I had great sex drive as well. I switched to the Levora pill simply for the fact that I knew I wanted to become pregnant one day and knew if I took the shot for too long that it may effect that. I chose Levora because I only have 4 periods a year (which is great!). However, I have been taking this pill for 3 1/2 years and I have noticed some negative side effects. I have been slowly over time gaining weight. I also never used to have acne and have some acne problems now. I also have low sex drive and difficulty staying wet.
Used Elidel for 10 years. In days flare ups would clear up . Side effects skin would feel hot. After 10 years my body build up a tolerance and doesn 't really work anymore.
continued....The colonscopy I had this week was using Suprep. I did the lime thing and mixed with chilled Propel and chilled medicine. I couldn 't taste much of it and was able to drink all of it. It took 30 minutes to work and it dripped out for the next four hours. I still had a few particles coming out at bedtime. I was able to drink the next dosage at 2am but didn 't get any sleep because it dripped out all the way to the time I was leaving the house for the procedure. I just drank ginger ale and  gatorade for the hour afterwards because I couldn 't keep water or propel down. Had Propapil for anesthesia so woke up easier but was groggy all day long, glad I didn 't need to get anything done. My colon was clean and clear though with no polyps
I have had six spine surgeries in the past four years. All of them some type of fusion. Have been on every type of pain medicine there is. Plus all the injections and nerve burns, even some radiation treatments. Doctor had me on Embeda for several years and then it was recalled. I have been taking Kadian for six months now and it helps me get through the day. I also take oxycodone six times along with it . Kadian does not take all the pain away but along with the other drugs at least I can function. Good luck all!
The only problem I have with this medication so far is how expensive it is.  So far the only side effects I have had are a light-headed feeling. Similar to a feeling of an antihistimine with psuedophedrine in the mix. I am already starting to feel better.
I started off with a cut near my mouth that got infected with Staph which then spread to my mouth and throat. I could not eat for a week because of the terrible sores in my mouth. I was prescribed Cefidinr and after being on that for 3 days had no improvement, but as soon as they put me on Bactrim it started clearing up within hours!
I just had skyla inserted this morning. The pamphlets said cramping would last about 30 minutes but this is false. I decided on Skyla because I am bad at remembering to take pills are reorder perscriptions, I figure the iud is flinging to be more effective. I am 19 and have never had kids, and the actual insertion was painful but extremely fast. My doctor gave me a prescription to soften the cervix before the procedure, I took ibuprofen and she used lidocaine during the procedure (this is not typical but she said it would help). I have had severe cramps nonstop since the procedure, and ibuprofen isn 't cuttin it. Obviously everyone reacts differently to meds, but if you 're considering getting this, be prepared for the possibility of pain.
I am a 58 yr old woman and it took me three tries at three different times In my life but as of March 2015 I have not had a cig..the only side effect for me was very vivid dreams but I kinda liked them.Thanks to the Pfizer corp for giving them to me free due to my low income because without Chantix I have no doubt I would still be smoking.Thank you Pfizer God Bless
It was 3am and I had an itch that wouldn 't go away so I tried this. It tingled a little in the beginning but the itch seems to be gone.
I started Sprintec last November for my heavy periods, and for that it 's working great. It has reduced my periods from 10 days to 5 days and after the first few months, they are now incredibly predictable. I know exactly when they 'll start and end and what flow intensity to expect each day. They have also considerably lightened my periods. The only side effect I have noticed is weight gain. It may not have helped that I started the pill around the holidays, as I have found myself with a bigger appetite since starting Sprintec. I gained about 10lbs by about January (but I haven 't gained since then due to changes in diet) and went up about 1.5-2 cup sizes (SO annoying since I 'm an athlete). My butt and thighs also got noticeably bigger.
I have suffered 25 to 35 hot flashes day and night, heavily for around 2 years it has affected my quality of life in every way. My work uniform saturated. Then in winter I get chills after the flashes that last up to four to five minutes.  Sometimes just over. Anyway I asked the doc a few days ago for small dose of prozac. I feel odd for sure. But not to bad. My triggers that I know of are smoking, tea, coffee, soda, icecream, chocolate...spices, etc. Everything I love. Anyway I cut back on smokes and soda. Cut out heaps of spices.This is day 2 of 10mg of prozac. Will keep updating this thread.Now day 6.Flashes have become shorter and less intense.I 'm having maybe 4 at night. Compared to 12 to 15.Through the day maybe 6..
I have been suffering with mild stomach pains and occasional diarrhea for 9 months. I am now half way through a 10 day course of this medicine and it seems to be working, touch wood. The side effects have been extreme diarrhea and vomitingbut if it does the trick then this is a small price to pay.
Anyone else have trouble keeping their hand out of the refrigerator?After several months of taking this stuff the hunger pangs are getting worse, not less.
I 've been on seroquel XR 50mg for the past 8 months for Generalised Anxiety Disorder and intrusive racing thoughts. Only take it in the evening before bedtime.This helps me sleep through the night and not wake up in the middle of the night with panic/anxiety issues! It is somewhat sedating, and do have issues waking up in the morning, but coffee helps. I didn 't gain any weight on it as it helps me get going during the day on things that would usually drive me into a panic situation! I actually enjoy going out for walks and socialising now as opposed to being apprehensive and terrified of (insert intrusive thoughts)!Needs some adjustments occasionally; on weeks I 'm doing well I only take half of the 50mg dose and do Ok.
This is the ONLY birth control pill that 's been effective for me; I tried around 4 other pills before I discovered this one. No breakthrough bleeding (one of the biggest problems I had with the other pills) and it 's made my periods so much lighter (I used to bleed through tampons and pads and now my period is way lighter). I haven 't gotten pregnant so I guess it 's also doing what it 's supposed to do, lol. Another bonus: I used to get painful cystic acne on my chin whenever it was my time of the month, and since beginning this pill I haven 't had to deal with any acne whatsoever! The only problem I have with it is that I cry a bit more than I used to, but I don 't really mind.
So i had to start this at 4pm the day before the colonoscopy, and let me tell you, NASTIEST tasting thing ive ever had to ingest. Very strong taste which is semi nauseating. Got the first bottle down and it took about a half hour for it to kick in. Once it kicked in, there was no stopping. It made my stomach very upset the next day which made it 20 times harder to finish the second bottle. Over all very effective but one of the worst tastes ive ever tasted.
I have some wierd combinations of &quot;illnesses&quot; I take this to help with PTSD, OCD, and ADHD. I am doing so much better overall, and better than any other drug I 've tried for PTSD, so I am happy with this drug.
I really loved the NUVARING...the only side effect that I had experience was slight nausea at the beginning. Other than that it goes away and I 'm a HAPPY, CARE-FREE &amp; COVERED woman.
It takes care of the Restless Legs Syndrome symptoms but also seems to give me insomnia, which kind of defeats the purpose. I can initially go to sleep and get a 3-4 hours but then I 'm suddenly wide awake. Requip worked for a while but you have to increase dosage fairly quickly and that causes some bad side effects. I may have to try a 3rd option.
After suffering for 2 years of bloating I had been using miralax which  works slowly every day . Then the Dr say try this. Within 10 min I was in bathroom on and of for 2 hour while it was cleaning my system out.  I had no bloating and no abdominal pain.  I took the second dose today and it did same thing. In 10 min rolling thunder started in my stomach and  cleaned out everything. I will try  in a few more days then will ask Dr so far no more pain but I feel like it is a f18 fighter sound going thru my stomach for few hour after taking this..Thanks goodness I tried it after work when I was home.. lol
Orange flavor wasn 't bad but a little orange food coloring might have made the illusion a bit more convincing.  Medium thick but went down without much problem. Technician assured me it was light years better than the chalky mix they used to use.  Then got an injection of an unnamed diuretic and urination every 5 minutes began. Not sure if it was completely the diuretic or the barium was a contributor but it continued right up to PET time. I warned them so they procured a plastic urinal and wrapped an diaper around me on the table. Neither got used during the 15 minute scan but it took a lot of clenched sphincter action to prevent a mess. Ten seconds off the table the urinal got used.
I probably looked on every single website and ultimately freaking myself out even more. I am 18 with no children. From reading all these horror stories I decided to take 10mg of hydrocodone instead of the 800mg of Advil my doctor told me to take. Honestly I 'm not going to lie.. It was the worst pain I have ever felt in my entire life. It felt like a knife was twisting on my insides and I yelled a couple of times. BUT the whole procedure itself only lasted 30 seconds to a min tops which is totally do able. However all I ate was a muffin before the procedure and I got up too fast and resulted in me fainting in the hallway and claiming that I needed to throw up. I am still very mildly cramping and it 's 3 days later. I still think it 's worth it
I 've been taking Prozac since I was thirteen years old or so. I 'm sixteen now, and I 'm worried that if I ever stop, I 'll get bad again. I have severe anxiety and had depression. The depression has gone away, but the anxiety has worsened. Not from this medication, but I believe I need a larger dose. Anyways, this drug has helped me and made me feel like it can get better. Knowing the chemistry in my brain is really helpful too, to know that serotonin is being released. I would recommend for severe depression, but not anxiety unless at a larger dose. I 'm on 40mg now, but took 20mg up until a month ago.
Fibromyalgia - slow to take effect but once the pain relief begins it is effective for me and much preferable to codeine.
I 've been on this pill for almost 4 months. The first 2 weeks I got really sick, sweat a lot, could not eat, it was REALLY bad but I think it was just my body getting used to it. (This is my first birth control) But after the 2nd week it was great. Lighter/shorter periods and could possibly be the reason why my acne has cleared. Sex drive went down, weight didn 't change, no breast enlargement, harder to get and stay wet.  I 've fought with my boyfriend a lot and he blames it on the pill, but my family and friends haven 't noticed any moodiness so I think it 's just him blaming it on the pill. Overall, it 's a good BIRTH CONTROL pill. 
I was prescribed Adderall XR 15mg six months ago after trying Focalin XR and not liking it because of severe stomach pains it would give me. Before trying the Adderall and Focalin I was diagnosed with ADHD because I brought it to my doctors attention. I had always had a problem in high school and even middle school with getting good grades, everyone thought I was lazy. In college the situation was getting worse, and I started to get depressed about my bad grades. I then realized my depression was stemming from my inability to concentrate on school work. It 's been six months since I 've been on the Adderall XR, and my grades have shot up! I get A 's and B 's in all my classes and am so much more organized which helps with everything in my life.
I took this for a month and a half to two months and I had severe dry mouth and was constantly tired or sleeping. It helped my depression a lot though.
I had a sudden onset of cold sores and a new one was appearing each day. I am on immunosuppressants so my body just can 't fight this virus on its own. After 5 days I went to my doctor.This medication was amazing- within 24-48 hrs the blisters were crusting over. The swelling and redness was decreasing as well. I am on 400 mg 3 x daily for 10 days. I am currently on day 6. For the first few days I would feel lightheaded (not dizzy) for a few hours after each dose, but that has gone away now. No nausea when taken with food. I did have a few mild headaches, but that was because I was not drinking enough fluid. As soon as I hydrated, headaches were gone.My doctor gave me 2 refills so next time I feel the onset I can start treatment right aw
Since pre-menopause/menopause began, I 've been gaining 3-5 pounds a year over the last ten years and was 193 lbs on my last doctor visit. Doctor recommended Qsymia as a way to jump start weight loss and motivate me to make lifestyle changes. She recommended no more than 1200 calories a day. I was told to avoid caffeine because of potential stimulant effect of Q. Wrong! I got the drowsiness side effect the first day. After that, I 've kept to my 1-2 cups of coffee and I 've done fine. I fall asleep no problem, but I do find that I wake up a few times during the night--but that can also be attributed to my pets and needing to urinate from all the extra water I 'm drinking. My scale arrives tomorrow so I can track weight loss.
I am a 47 year old female. I tried the birth control pill and it raised my blood pressure too high. My GYN suggested Mirena.  I read the reviews and warnings and was nervous but agreed. It has been over 6 months and here is my take;1. Having it put in was ridiculously easy and not worth any concern2. Very pleased with not worrying about pregnancy.3. Periods are normal but extremely light.4. Some cramping after sex - some light bleeding after sex. No biggy.5. Had to have the strings cut shorter for my partner - he cannot even notice it now.6. The only downside I have had is an increase in acne AND on the days I get my period I am very moody (I never had this before so I know it is a side effect).7. Cost 100.00
For years I have been struggling with constant pressure headaches &amp; sinus/ear problems. The closest way to describe it is imagine having a head cold 24/7. The constant pain has taken its toll on me and my mood. After years of trying all sorts of meds, my dr. finally prescribed Lamictal. It didn 't work at first, but once the dose was increased I felt amazing. I was back to my old self: no more headache, earaches, brain fog or fatigue. We FINALLY found the right medication! Unfortunately, the med caused a painful rash all over the front of my upper torso &amp; I had to stop it. If you get a rash look up D.R.E.S.S., many docs don 't make the connection. It woke up the HHV6 rash from childhood &amp; took 7 months to clear up even after stopping the med.
Took Flomax by itself. It worked a little but made me dizzy. Added Detrol LA and everything worked a lot better but still got dizzy. Stopped Flomax for about 10 days and only took Detrol LA. Urgency slipped a little but was still good. Dizziness went away. Started Flomax again. Slight improvement but dizziness re-started. Detrol LA seems to be the best of the two.
I was switched from amitriptyline to nortriptyline and noticed an immediate improvement the following morning. I 'm sold.
I have awful acne everywhere on my face, between my eyebrows, forehead, chin, back and chest. I have been taking Doryx for a month, along with Ziana and a face wash.  The acne I actually care about (in between my eyebrows, and my chin) has gotten much worse. The acne on my forehead has gotten a lot better, but is starting to get worse again, and the acne on my chest has gotten better. The Pill has no side effects on me, except it is huge and I usually can 't swallow it until about my 3rd try. I 'm praying that it will be effective.
Mostly I liked Wera. It was better than the necon 1/35 I had been on previously. I still had enough mood swings that I felt bad enough for my husband to want to change my b.c. I really didnt have much depression on this, a little lower libido, but it did not cause chronic migraines like the  other b.c. I eventually switched
Lamotrigine is good medicine. I have bipolar 2. Evening dosages messed with my sleep, so I take one 300 mg dose every morning with breakfast. Now I smile more. Life is brighter, and so is my outlook and attitude. Only side effect is occasional mild headache, but still worth the price of admission. Very grateful for this medicine.
I 've recently come off yasmin due to reading about the increased risk of blood clots. However I was on it for a number of years and had an OK experience with it. The positives were I had no headaches (I had excruciating migraines with marvelon) and my skin was perfect - only the occasional spot before my period similar to what it was like on diannette. However the bad side effects for me were weight gain, I put on roughly half a stone which no matter what I couldn 't shift and I was tired all the time. I also had zero sex drive.I 'd recommend trying yasmin if you 're concerned about acne and particularly if you 're looking to come off diannette. However as I say it 's not perfect and everyone reacts differently.
Effexor has helped me more than other antidepressants I 've taken. I have severe depression and take 75 mg twice a day. On occasion, my doctor increased the dose to 75 mg 3 x day.  
Effexor has had an absolutely amazing impact on my life. I have Major Depression Disorder - I have Anxiety, fun mix! I started off on 75mg and after a couple of months went to 150. Been at 150mg for close to 6 months and I am an entirely different person. My relationships have improved ten fold because I am no longer moody, irrational and I can feel emotions other than hopelessness and indescribable sadness. With that said - I am pretty certain I will never be able to come off this medication. I recently had to go 5 days without my Effexor and it was literally hell. First 2 days, I thought it was the flu - by day 5, I was ready to end it all. 3 days back on and I am golden. Oh plus it makes my pupils HUGE. Like I worry people think I am high.
Hey Ladies. I was just in this situation reading reviews, desperate for answers. I had unprotected sex two days after my period. This was about 1am and I took the Plan B 9hrs later. After taking it. I had mild cramps. Later that night I had unprotected sex again (very stupid I know) I got frantic, calling pharmacies asking if I needed to take it once more, some said no I will be fine, and some said yes. I decided to go with no. Two days later I started to bleed, but this bleeding was brownish blood. I got this for a few days then I started bleeding heavily, n Remember I just had my period.  ladies I got my regular period after but it was 2 days late so I bled 3 times in a month! I 'm not gonna tell u don 't worry cause I did but the pill works!
This medication has worked amazingly well for me, but the side effects are no joke. My mood is better, I 'm less anxious, less angry, and more sociable. It works. It 's great, but there are serious drawbacks. My libido and sexual performance are down. I get tired more easily. If I go outside on a hot day my clothes are quickly drenched in sweat. Physical activity exhausts my muscles more quickly. My mouth is so dry I need to constantly sip water. And finally, if I miss a dose I get the sensation of electric shocks in my brain. I personally find the benefits outweigh the side effects. Worth a try when more tolerable meds fail.
I 'm still here, so I guess it worked - but it was a rough, horribly rough 9 months - it helped that I was already on medical leave (and that the hospital took responsibility for the exposure) - Isoniazid is literally a sort of (failed) anti-depressant that works against TB, but is also pretty harsh on the liver, so I had to take Vitamin B6 for 9 months too. I was pretty moody, crazy, aggressive - not my normal self... it was a long 9 months. I can 't understate how mood altering this medicine was - not in a good way. I was embarrassed to talk about it, which made my behavior all the more odd to my friends and co-workers, but once I explained it, I got some support - anyhow, I wish I had done that from the start. On the plus side, I 'm still here!
It takes time to take effect but relieves pain effectively.
Opana has worked better than anything I have been prescribed. I have several bulging discs, 4 in the lower back and 4 mid back. I was taking 3000 milligrams of Vicodin daily, 8 to 10 x 325 mg tabs.  Now, I take 2, 20 milligram Opana daily, and only 2 or 3 Vicodin as needed.  Be sure to take Opana on an empty stomach, and don 't eat for about 2 hours.  Opana is incredible, my next Doctor 's visit, I will request a slightly higher dose, and quit the Vicodin all together.  Thank you Opana!
I 've been using Leflunomide since July 2007.  It took 3 months for it to become effective, but I have been pain free since then!  Wonderful!  BUT, I have developed chronic urinary tract infections -- 12 in the last two years.  My urologist is exasperated and has about exhausted his bag of tricks; daily Macrodantin (antibiotic) for over a year helped for a few months at a time, but I 'm now resistant to that.  I only take 10 mg leflunomide and really hate to think of doing without it, but my bladder is important too.  I 'm going to ask the rheumatologist this week about cutting the dosage in half.
Works much better than any other NSAID, especially for stiff joints.
When I got a yeast infection, I had no idea what to do and my friend suggested Monistat. It was quick and affective, and made the yeast infection go away within a day. However, insertion was quite difficult because the ovule is dry, so I would recommend using some unsecented/unflavored lube on the tip of the ovule to make it glide in easier.
Amazing difference in appearance in less than a month. I started breaking out about senior year in high school and it got progressively worse. Although makeup covered a lot of it, I never let anyone touch my face and dreaded having to go in the water and risk having my makeup rinsed off. Now my skin is 100% smooth and even after weening off of the pill to every other day I have not had a single blemish.
Start the medication low, slow dosage and increase as prescribed and needed
I was switched to Minastrin from Loestrin, just like everyone else. But unlike most, I am doing great on it! I was taking Loestrin for over 2 years and loved it. Minastrin has been the same for me, no unusual side effects at all. No acne, which I had when I was a teenager and still use Proactiv for. No unusual headaches or bleeding, etc. I rated it an 8 only because I don 't like chewing it, its gross tasting but works good for me so I 'm sticking with it.
I had been on Reclipsen for a year and use it to regulate and skip periods. From the very start everything was going well, I had better skin, no weight gain, when I skipped there was no spotting or anything. But I did notice that when I would stand up too fast I would have a slight and short cramp. And it wasn 't until I just tried out a new birth control (Microgestrin for 3 weeks) that I noticed how Reclipsen depleted my sex drive completely. I might end up switching back to Reclipsen and try taking B vitamins.
It took a couple of days but it did stop my restless legs. The downside is that in the few weeks I was taking it, I put on about a stone in weight. It 's good for making you sleepy. I now use tramadol and am trialling trazodone.
I have severe arthritis in my hips and knees as well as severe spinal scoliosis. The pain is with me 24/7. I have been on Oxycontin for 3 years now but my pain just keeps getting worse so my doctor prescribed morphine 2 x daily as well as my 8 Oxycontin daily. I have only been on the morphine for 1 month now but already see an increased quality of life. For the first time in at least 5 years I can actually bend over and pick something up off the floor by myself! 
I 'm 16 and currently beginning my second month of accutane. Before I started my acne was hardly severe, but it was there and I wanted it gone. During the first month my acne became the worst it had ever been, but I wouldn 't give up and it gradually began to clear up. I 've experienced no severe side effects other than dryness everywhere. I now have about as much acne as I did when I started the treatment but I 'm hoping in a few months the results will be worth it.
Am 75 and taking blood pressure and atrial fibrillation medication. Have had erectile dysfunction for some years.  Tried free sample of Cialis 5mg daily for one week. Experienced erections most days, and ejaculation three times, but other times erection weakened quite quickly.  Will raise dose to 10mg and see if there 's improvement.
Ive been taking this med for about a month now. The only side effects that have really happened is light upset stomach and restless feelings during the day. I feel like I always need to be moving. Its not bad given some of the side effects ive experienced from other drugs this has to be the least problematic so far. My mood has become much better and the depression I started out with is gone. Although I have not had a manic phase yet I can 't say how its treating those its only been a month. I would recommend this for bi polar probably combined with another medication to help with the restlessness and hard time sleeping.
This works!  I took a break, but am taking it again.  I am a 38 yr old female and started at 222 lbs and am 5 '7 size 16.  In 6 month time I had lost 32 lbs size 12.  It calmed my cravings, I even stopped drinking wine.  I stopped taking for 4 months gained 10 lbs back...I 've been back on it for about 2 weeks and have lost 5 to 6 lbs ....the weight gain was my own fault and I stopped taking this over the holidays.
I 've been on Nucynta for just over a year.  I started with the typical meds for back pain Vicodin, Percocet, morphine, etc.  Unfortunately I seem to either have massive bad reactions or they don 't work, no in between.  Because of this my pain wasn 't controlled and it was having a toll on me physically and emotionally.  Nucynta has allowed me to rebuild my life and body.  I had some side effects at first but my doctor started on low doses and slowly built up the dose to where it got my pain to a tolerable level.  I found that the regular Nucynta caused to much of an up and down in pain levels but the ER took care of that. Like everything it is an individual reaction.
Xanax may have saved my life. In the early nineties I was a young man pursuing my ambitions career, cars and women. Whatever I have done / experienced led me to be violent in my reaction to assholes. Also mom raised me as she went through menopause and was volatile. I was dangerously aggressive in my early 30 's. xnx worked with no side affects noticed, sleepiness at first, that 's all.I sought xnx because it made me feel like I should, calm, thus able to focus. Did well all these years. I got laid off, Doc retired and I can 't find a local doc to prescribe.  The system took it away, Clandestine alternatives are expensive, risking life, limb and employment,  Docs are ignorant sometimes.
I have been on Pristiq for over a year now. I started of on a 50mg dose for 3 months for my anxiety and panic attacks. All went well but still was only just helping my anxiety, I went back to my Doctor and he upped the dose to 100mg. I immediately had improvements. No more panic attacks and felt great.
I 've had issues with GERD for a long time and have jumped between a few different medications. First I started with over the counter medications like Prilosec and worked my way along to Nexium. When that failed me Dexilant was prescribed. For GERD symptoms, Dexilant has kept things well controlled. I 've been on it for almost 2 years now. However, during that time I 've experienced a significant increase in gas and abdominal discomfort. Although I 've uncovered lactose intolerance and a mild sensitivity to gluten, I still exhibit symptoms, so I 'm starting to suspect that Dexilant may be contributing.If it turns out that reducing my intake of Dexilant is the culprit, I may have to choose between well-controlled GERD or Irritable Bowel Syndrome-like symptoms.
Works fine - no side effects other than thirst in some degree
Awful aftertaste. And it made my stomach uneasy.
Well, I 've been taking orlistat for 6 days three times a day, already lost 1 kg. Although I have a headache and am slightly constipated, I am happy I have found something that works.
I started this pill with the intent of settling my hormonal acne and it worked WONDERS! My skin is very clear and my periods are right on time and light. However, I am switching to a different pill as a trial because of the emotional side effects this has given me. My mental PMS is much worse and I find myself very depressed often. I 've also gained 5-10 pounds and it 's harder for me to lose weight, but nothing significant. I 've also noticed a slight decrease in sex drive if that 's what you 're into. However, there are ups and downs to all birth controls, if the next one I try isn 't good then I am definitely going back to Ortho Tri-Cyclen lo because it 's overall been reliable.
I have had a Paragard IUD for 3 years and have had constant BV and odor.  I have been treated several times with oral antibiotics and gels.  I have bad cramps during my cycle and heavy periods.  I also have cramping and bleeding between periods and feel bloated most of the time.  I am getting it removed this week.
This is my second round of trying. I have had a really hard time getting that second pill into my daily schedule as I don 't eat in the morning and taking this on an empty stomach renders me nauseous to the point of vomiting.  This stuff DOES WORK-- if you can grit your teeth and make it through the nausea.
I 've had dermatitis for 16 years.  It started as mild eczema on my hands but within a year it went from mild to wild!  Woke up one morning and both my forearms were swollen, red, itching, burning and leaking fluid when pushed against.  3 pitting edema.  From that point on over the next few years,  it spread to my torso, legs, back, scalp and face.  Topical creams no longer worked, I was put on prednisone dose packs, but over time, prednisone was causing terrible side effects i.e., moon face, hyperglycemia, depression, agitation, oral thrush etc.  I was then put on Kenalog 40mg every 3-4 weeks but then Kenalog created new side effects.  Now I have to take 80mg of Kenalog and methotrexate.  Works but my life is a wreck.
I have had narcolepsy since at least age 15 but was not diagnosed until around age 27.  I started with 200mg of Provigil, then when that didn 't work 400mg Provigil.  That didn 't work so we tried 200mg Provigil with 15mg Adderall. That helped some for a while.  Then when adderall was affecting my blood pressure we moved to Nuvigil and away from the combination. I have been on 250 Nuvigil for about 2 yrs.  It has done well but now within recent weeks, it is not holding it 's own.  I just wonder, at this point what hope is there? If Provigil and Nuvigil do not work, how can I continue working? I can 't drive like this, I can 't focus, I can 't stay awake.
I 'm 18 have been on &quot;the pill&quot; (Loestrin 24) for 2.5 months. The only problem I have had with this pill was mild acne. I would have small breakouts every few weeks. I 've never had acne breakouts in my life. Luckily it did not affect my weight or anything else.
What everyone needs to realize if that everyone 's body is different n reacts different. You have to see what 's best for you!!! You may react differently than the next person. I was on the shot for 8 months n gained 20 pounds and fell into a terrible depression. I 've switched and have been on the implant for 8 months now and have dropped 10 pounds! No depression! I 'm actual happy! No mood swings. I 'm very satisfied so far with the results. So my advice, find what fits you and your body. You may have to try a couple till you find a fit. But don 't off of how other people 's bodies reacted.
The issues I was having are gone but the ones I didn 't experience before this medicine have started. Before I had heavy bleeding during 7 day long periods and sever migraines the day before, now I bleed lightly for 3 days and the migraines are gone. But I used to only get an occasional pimple and now I 'm constantly broken out and the camps have been pretty bad. I 'm on my third month of it and overall my mood has improved and the migraines and heavy bleeding ending has made it worth it for me.
I had Skyla inserted 6 months ago. I would describe insertion as the most uncomfortable I 've ever been. It was extreme pressure in a place deep inside my body &ndash; nothing I 've felt before, but also not exactly pain. It lasted maybe 20 seconds before subsiding into the feeling of menstrual cramps. Those cramps lasted 3-4 days after insertion, and I spotted for the first month. Since then, Skyla has been pretty good. The only time I notice Skyla is during my period. My bleeding is light, but WOW do I get horrible cramps. I rarely got cramps prior to using Skyla, and these feel similar to the ones I had post-insertion. However my friends have not had this issue &ndash; every body is different. Overall I do recommend Skyla!
I am experiencing very brittle nails and have been on SIMCOR for at least 6 months. My nails are constantly breaking down to the quick and splitting. I suspect the reason is the SIMCOR as I had healthy normal nails prior to taking this drug. However, I am also going through menopause so this probably doesn 't help. My cholesterol levels have improved but I will discuss this possible side effect with my cardiologist at the next visit.
Occasionally got a rash but nothing time or some hydrocortisone couldnt fix. Loved the convenience. Didn 't love the few times it fell off and had to reapply or tape it back on. Overall, works great for my very busy lifestyle. Grad student, mom of 2.
I was diagnosed with breast cancer (stage 2) - underwent 6 months of chemo and 6 weeks radiation.  My hair regrowth was pretty quick but began thinning significantly after about a year of Tamoxifen usage (could see my scalp pretty clearly in the front and on top of my head).  My doctor switched me to Femara about 2 months ago - side effects include lots of hot flashes (about 6-10 daily) and weight gain which I am combating by working out everyday and cutting my calories. I am prayerful that I don 't experience anymore hair loss or the joint pain that I keep reading about. Everyone hang in there!
So I have been taking this for about 5 days now and I felt compelled to write a review.  I have taken tons of different birth control methods consisting of both hormones of estrogen and progestin.  I am pleased to say that so far this has been working well for me.  I think it is worth a shot to try but as you know every woman is different.  I am still thinking this is too good to be true, but it has been a blessing so far to not wake up dizzy, fatigued, headaches, or nausea.  The only things I have noticed so far are some bloating, light spotting, very little fatigue (nothing compared to other birth controls), and a slight stomach cramp before my alarm goes off to take the pill (perhaps when its almost run out?).  Worth a try.
So I have been constipated since I was an infant. Only the colonoscopy bowel preps would ever give me a full bowl movement.. I would drink that magnesium citrate when I got to bloated and uncomfortable. My GI dr gave me some Linzess samples to try. I used Miralax at night and Linzess in the morning. On the first day, my body was shocked and my bowels ejected lol... the second day I was constipated again. Third day, small bowel movement. I am hoping it will help with my abdominal pain and bloat and I am sick of being in constant pain and discomfort.
Third pregnancy and zofran wasn 't cutting it for me. Midwife prescribed diclegis- felt insanely better the next morning nausea wise but was super fatigued. If you miss a dose it will rock your world. For the first few days it knocked me out all night and made me feel sleepy all morning.  Now I seem to be experiencing the insomnia/nightmares side effects and it 's not fun. I 'm hoping in a couple weeks I can wean off of it because I generally feel better a couple weeks into the second trimester. Definitely think the nausea aid is worth the side effects though- guess it all depends on how bad your nausea/vomiting is- and if this works for you!
Has definitely decreased my flow by about 50%, I have not had any accidents while taking this medication. Before I had at least one or two accidents per cycle. The headaches can be annoying but I 'd take them over the heavy flow any day!
I have trouble sleeping. I don 't like taking drugs but find after missing 2-3 nights in a row I have to take something.  A friend (battling cancer) told me Melatonin helped her. I have taken it 3 nights in a row and slept 10 hrs, 6 hrs and 8 hrs. BUT I seem to be drowsy midday and need a nap as soon as I get home. So going to stop for a few nights and then try half a tablet
I 'm 22, no kids and I got skyla inserted 5 days ago. They told me to come in while I was on my period. My doctor made me feel very comfortable during the process. It wasn 't painful, but it was slight discomfort and I felt a little light headed like I was about to pass out. I think it was from whatever he put in my cervix to numb it. I went home fine but later that night I had the worst cramps, I thought I was going to die. But after that night I was fine until 3 days later I got more bad cramps I couldn 't even go to work. But it went away shortly. It 's been past 7 days of being on my period and I 'm still bleeding but it 's light . i didn 't rate a 10 because I have to  see how this go for another couple months
Very helpful with restless legs but bought on obsession to gamble.
I started taking Simponi 4 days ago after a very severe flare-up. I am 54 years old and have had rheumatoid arthritis for 29 years. I was pretty much incapacitated with the pain.  Two days ago I was able to resume my normal household chores and feel so much better!  I really hope the effectiveness continues.
Straterra is changing my life. I held out for 4 months with the side effects and now the improvements are extremely significant. My memory is better and I can get myself easier into a concentration mode. Although it does not fight all symptoms, it enables you to start taking action against it, if that makes sense.
I took Jardiance for over 2 years. I lost weight on it without dieting. I had a yeast infection for 2 months. I told my physician I needed a break from it. I went back to Glimeperide and immediately started to gain weight. My yeast infection cleared within days of stopping Jardiance. In the mean time, I found out some much needed advice on the internet how to avoid all the infections while taking Jardiance. If you use a baby wipe to clean yourself after you urinate, the glucose will not be around to cause the UTI 's and yeast infections. I went back to Jardiance. So far, I have not had reoccurring infections.
I have had hypothyroidism for almost my entire life.  I have been on Synthroid and generic levothyroxine and never felt much better with all symptoms remaining.  I finally got an endocrinologist to listen to me and he lowered my dose of Synthroid and gave me liothyronine.  My depression lifted in 2 days, my cholesterol dropped 40 points and my energy level has never been this good.  I am having a little difficulty with insomnia.  I still struggle to lose even 1 pound but I 'll still take the difference that I feel.
My 7yr old son has ADHD and has been on medicines since 3.5 yrs old. Right now he 's got two days left on his first week of 1mg Intuniv before we go up a dose. First few days he was tired a bit and all seemed to be improving on his defiance and irritation. We are on day 5 and at this point I 'm anxious to get going on the 2mg dose as he seems to have simply gotten &quot;used to&quot; the 1mg dose.  Update....started the 2mg a few days ago and did not seem to have many issues.  A bit sluggish but nothing concerning.  School called today and he had THREE seizures.  My son has no medical issues other than ADHD.  Seizures are a very rare side effect of this medicine.  Intuniv is definitely NOT for my son.  Obviously.
Age 59, the sexual drive is very good for my age. The problem ist ejaculation premature. The erection with the help of viagra comes easily, but the ejaculation comes much too early. I cannot help it.
after two days of severe pain and visit to doctor, blood work and x-ray came up with problem. never had any type of gout/arthritis related problem before. crystals were found on my wrist. after two days of taking colcrys, Wrist is still stiff and hurting but pain is bearable.
To those who experience restlessness and bad mood following dose... try Cogentin (benztropine)!  The simple addition of a 1mg pill of Cogentin with my evening dose completely, 100% knocks out the feeling of restless agitation.  The addition of a med for side effects is worth it to be able to continue on such an effective and easy to take antipsychotic
I had spinal fusion on 1 disc over 13 years ago. Maybe I should have done the 3 as recommended by one of the 3 opinions because I 've have had chronic pain ever since. Still 3 cervical herniations and 3 lumbar. I was on Vicodin and Robaxin and the need increased over time I guess due to tolerance. I was miserable. I finally  I gave up and decided to live with the pain. I didn 't see a dr for 5 years. Last yr I just couldn 't do it anymore. I found the right Dr.- I feel HUMAN again. 10 mg patches work ok with Percocet but they don 't work because Butrans has something in it that counteracts narcotics). I do get joint pain in my arms (weird). May need to go to 20mg since percs don 't work. On Neurontin for nerve pain. Gained 10lbs but eat less. ???
The infection was eased almost immediately, however by midtreatment I was very jittery and broke out with a hot, hive-like rash that was so miserable that no lotion would relieve,but it was the lesser of two evils to get over the kidney infection. I had to skip the last dose in order to function at work mentally and my body is still very sore. Could tolerate absolutely NO SUN!
After just about a couple of days after taking Abilify I feel much better.  It has taken me from thinking about suicide all the time and not having any hope to actually wanting to go out and do things.  The bad side is the restlessness I hear so much about.  I almost feel like it 's making me manic, and I cannot sit still.  It 's a very uncomfortable feeling. Sometimes I just pace around for no reason, so I cut down to a half a pill.  Overall I feel like its helping.
I have been using clobetasol for about 8 years. It works straight away if I get any psoriasis on my face.
NuvaRing has been good to me. I have issues with anxiety and so I feared that going on birth control would play (negatively) with my mood/anxiety. However, I 've had a good experience with it, and have experienced no negative mood symptoms. Sure, I get the occasional mood swing, however this is nothing unmanageable. The one and only complaint is that I have gained a good 10 pounds. It honestly just feels like water retention, but slightly annoying as I was very happy with my weight prior to NuvaRing. Otherwise, this contraceptive has been good to me, my health and my mood.
I had spinal fusion (L4-S2) and my doctor is stating I need to possibly have L2-L3 fused.  My doctor had me on Norco and this did little and then while he was out of the office one day another doctor in his office saw me and put me on Fentanyl.  At first it was great, I had the same problem everyone else had with patches only lasting 48 hours and it was impossible to find some place they would stay on.  But later it was hard to regulate my body temperature, I would get burning hot and then cold and it wasn 't because the patch was old or not on.  This medication helps my pain more than anything else.
I am 33 years old and have had two children. This is my seventh month taking this pill. I have had troubles finding a pill that would not give me heavy spotting for months.  I have not gained a pound. I did have nausea and breast tenderness for the first few weeks and slight spotting.  I missed my period last month but got it a week early this month. Periods are a lot lighter and last no more than 4 days. I am not a fan of chewing my pills so just swallow. Overall I would recommend this pill.
I 'm 16. I was prescribed 36mg Comcentra  I took it at 8:30pm (was suppose to take it in morning) it worksd it helped me focus but 3 hours into it I started feeling anxiety and later I had a crash. Couldn 't sleep stayed up the whole entire night. I also has many other side effects like lack of appitite and heavy breathing might be to large of a dose but overall without the crazy side effects it helped me get stuff done and concentrate
7 years ago, my hip pain was so intense I could hardly get up in the morning. I have tried Cymbalta, but went back to Effexor XR. It does the work for me.
I 'm taking Pristiq for mild anxiety. Side effects include interrupted sleeping patterns, severe constipation, and decreased sexual drive/inability to have orgasm. Anxiety has decreased tremendously and I feel great (i.e. more patience, focused, clear headed), but not sure if side effects are worth it.
I just took it yesterday and I can barely walk from the sharp lower left hand side pain on my back. I haven 't eaten anything and my boyfriend still thinks I 'm pregnant. I hope I 'm not. Next week I will take a test to see but overall I 'm hoping this pill works for me.
Celexa has calmed me down a lot. I use to stress about everything. I always feared the worst. Celexa has helped me overcome this feeling. However at times I seem too laid back and I get very annoyed with people who complain about everyday situations.  At first I thought this drug is not working but a month later I don 't know how I survived without it. I do have headaches more frequently and  sometimes I get lazy but sometimes I get this burst of energy too. Also every so often I get really somber but within an hour I calm down and feel awesome. This drug works wonders for me.
Seroquel has worked wonderful for me so far! Levels out my ups and downs. No racing thoughts. Doesn 't make me aggressive. Helps with my post traumatic stress disorder also!
After trying two other medicines with horrible side effects and no results, Cymbalta finally did the trick!  The side effects were mild (hot flashes, some shakiness, etc) have mostly subsided and I 'm sleeping better.
I was able to get off an i.v. cocaine habit with the help of generic Wellbutrin SR 150 once daily; then increased it to twice daily.  If you can leave coke alone for 2-3 weeks, it will leave you alone.   Wellbutrin gave me just enough help to back off from the razors edge for that critical, first 2-3 weeks. As added insurance, I continued to take it once a day for about 1 year as a prophylaxis treatment to help prevent a relapse.
I have been suffering from anxiety for at least 15 years on and off due to being in a high pressure corporate role, coming to terms with my sexuality and 4 hectic years due to several life changes both personally and professionally. I decided 2 years ago enough was enough and tried Effexor for 12 months for my anxiety, it worked but I was in a haze all the time and it was horrendous to get off that stuff. I then had to go onto Lexapro which was a nightmare to get on and while it did work well and my anxiety stopped I still felt medicated. I then tapered off Lexapro, for 5 months unmedicated and was feeling okay then my anxiety came back worse. I am now on day 3 of Zoloft and I feel better with no bad side effects. Fingers crossed.
The last day of ovulation I had unprotected sex with a young man that has 3 kids. He told me he came inside of me and for me to take a plan b he gave me the money for it 50.00 a hour after having sex I ran to the nearest rite aid to pick it up. They were all out so they gave me a generic brand FALLBACK solo it was one pill we were a little worried since it was off brand but it cost 46.99 so a little cheaper not much but I took it immediately and I was moody naseous and had a head ache but I 'm not pregnant! Yes it worked got my period right on time heavy bleeding but no baby I 'm so pleased. No prescription needed btw
It worked for me after about four days, which is all I could take.  It relieves my constant back muscle spasms, but it knocks you out!  It does make you feel very &quot;on medication&quot; in a very unpleasant sort of way. Difficult to perform everyday tasks such as driving.
I have had this condition for thirty years. No one should have to live in that much pain for so many years. Doctor started me on Savella 14 days ago. I pray it keeps up the good work. Its about time. I would love to just take this medicine and vitiams. That would be great. I can get out of bed and walk. First time in 30 years. See its not in all our heads.
Zoloft is really good.
I got my mirena inserted in February 2013 and for the first month I bled lots and then that was it. Until September 2015 when I 'd start to bleed during intercourse, it wasn 't heavy but was enough to worry my partner and myself and its lessened our sex life due to not wanting to bleed everytime. I had a gynecologist observe my cervix in November and he said it wasn 't damaged in any way, the mirena was still in place, and he gave me a prescription for a 10 day course of medication that will thicken my cervix lining, just to rule that out as the possible culprit. I haven 't gotten the prescription filled yet as I 've been busy and the bleeding settled down. Thinking of getting it removed and replaced with another contraceptive.
I have schizoaffective and have been on this medicine almost 1 month.This medicine has really helped with voices (After about 2 weeks) and hallucinations.It has also helped my motivation and mood. I too have had to use my klonopin very infrequently while on Vraylar. I have tried almost all the antipsychotics and all have made me gain weight. This one I am actually losing about 1 pound a week with eating a healthy diet and exercising. I 'm glad I continued to look for the right medicine because I have been without and I know how that ends up. It is really expensive but you can ask for samples then if it works for you, they do have a card that makes it 15.00 per month. Good luck.
I have been HIV positive for 20 years, been through many harsh meds, this is not one of them. Need mostly for kidney issues and it did get my viral load undetectable for 3 months. It has slowly been going up, 20,40,50 over the last year. Not looking forward to a change as I have had no issues with genvoya.
I take it for high blood pressure and have NO side effects but it does lower my blood pressure
I genuinely believe that the women describing this experience as painful beyond comprehension are either experiencing an allergic reaction to the medication or using it improperly. This is my first time using Monistat 3 cream. I decided to use it during the day despite instructions to use at bedtime. I inserted the product around 1 pm and went about my day, vacuuming, putting up the Christmas tree, making lunch, paying bills, etc. I checked my pantyliner regularly to ensure I wasn 't losing product. Everything felt normal. Several hours in I felt a very subtle warm, tingling sensation. It never amounted to anything. After making dinner around 7 pm I used the bathroom and some product was on the liner, the rest went into the toilet. No pain.
I 've been taking Benicar 20mg/12.5 HCT for about 7 years and it works great. It keeps my blood pressure down to 120-125/75-80.  I do experience dizziness and light-headiness frequently but I sit at a desk most of the day at work so it 's no big deal. I also cannot stay out in the sun long at all. I don 't know if this is a side effect of Benicar but also 2 years ago I started getting vision &quot;Floaters&quot; and had to change to another prescription twice. I 'm only 43 and my vision is no longer 20/20 and can only get 20/40 with corrective lenses. Eye doctor doesn 't see anything wrong and says 20/40 is okay. I 'll get a 2nd opinion just in case. Also I started getting flushing or &quot;red face and neck&quot; about 3 years ago. It comes and goes. Benicar is the only medicine I use.
I finally was brave enough to start this medication for bad anxiety, panic attacks.  I have become limited on where I go.  Finally so exhausted from pushing myself  just to go to the grocery store......I gave in and took 10mg Saturday night.  Took just half of a .25 mg xanax with it.  Just in case of side effects.  Surprisingly nothing bad has happened yet.  I know it will take time for then to take effect.  And hoping they will soon help. Tonight will be my 4th pill.  I will keep you posted. Wish me luck
I have BPD II, PTSD &amp; anxiety with agoraphobia. I 've tried a LOT of different meds &amp; gone unmedicated as well, probably over the last 15 years or so. Right now, I 'm on Lithium 900mg. Just stopped Gabapentin 900-1200mg. On Desvenlafaxine 100mg (start, 50mg) about 1 year - Since I started, I 've been lifted out of a suicidal &amp; debilitating depression. Take into consideration lithium, my moods are more levelled out and I don 't feel like crying at the drop of a hat. I don 't feel completely hopeless. However, I do feel unnecessarily agitated, sleep issues - too much or insomnia, low energy, incessant nausea. I 've also gained an incredible amount of weight, without appetite. DNA test &quot;Green-lit&quot; Pristiqu... Going to see Dr. today.
Felt sick when I started taking it plus tired but got used to it. Has really helped my muscles.
My daughter started monthly Orencia infusions for her Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis about 3 years after being diagnosed. She had been previously taking Enbrel and Methotrexate injections weekly for 3 years. Her arthritis became more aggressive so her Rheumatologist started her on Orencia. (Continuing the Methotrexate injections). She got used to the infusion part rather quickly. She had no side effects at all, and the only problem we had was the occasional blown vein. Unfortunately, the medication did not prove to be effective for her. After 8 months of constant flare ups, oral steroids and steroid injections, we decided to change the medications again. There are however 2 other children we know that the Orencia is helping prevent flare ups.
This medication is pretty expensive but I believe it has helped shorten the duration of the flu.  I started with symptoms on Sunday, tested positive with the flu on Monday and started Tamiflu that evening.  Today is Wednesday and I feel a lot better - no fever either.  I have experienced some nasty bathroom-related side effects but I 'll take that over high fever, blistering headache, etc.
I was taking 50mg 2x a day for my fibromyalgia pain. It was working well for my pain but now I 'm having side effects. I get a headache and nausea after I take the medicine. I also suffer from chronic migraine headaches so this is very bad to have a medicine adding to my headache problems. I 'm so frustrated. Without this medicine I ache so bad I get a headache and I 'm miserable but with it I have a migraine. I 've probably been on Savella for 3 months now. I 've had to cut back to 25mg 1x daily and take Lyrica at night. I will say too that I still had bad shoulder tension while on the medicine, but the rest of my fibromyalgia pain was gone. I was getting my life back.
Got pescribed this while in the hospital for mental health and substance abuse issues. Non habit forming, which is great, but I feel wicked groggy and out of it in the morning. I break the pill in half so I 'm not as out of it when I wake up. The doctors advised me of prolonged erections in the morning. They were right.
For RLS seems to work great. However, concerned about possible side effects i.e... tongue constantly swabs inside of my mouth, mole growth around my neck and most of all, tea total lack of energy. Are these caused by the drug? I don 't know but it is a concern.
I  was so scared to go on this pill or any pill for that matter! Read terrible reviews. Did so much research and they all seemed like a bad choice. Decided this seemed like the best bet. Been on it 17 days and I love it. No weight gain, no acne, no hormonal mood swings. My only complaint is I am on day 8 of my period, (when I wasnt on the pill my period was 8 days long too) I thought this would make it shorter. I am hoping today is the last day, if it continues for longer, I will update my review. But so far,so good! I actually lost some weight taking this pill! Happy girl here.
Took for two days, slept a lot in and out. Felt like a zombie, lost memory, couldn 't function normally. Called the Dr. after two doses , he suggested cutting the pill in half , will try soon , afraid to start again, I didn 't like the effect at all , but I will try soon again. Lets hope I can tolerate better this time . I will resume tonight, praying this works. I wouldn 't suggest driving at all.
Have used this for one week but began to have serious side-effects including hives all over my back, severe diarrhea, terrible cold/flu, headache, joint soreness.  I do have an autoimmune disorder (endometriosis and Raynaund 's) and the medication has warnings for people with autoimmune disorders so that may be why I am having such an adverse reaction.  Will see doctor tomorrow to learn if I should switch to Efudex maybe but will probably look into the genetic testing for DPD before I start that one.
I have Fibromyalgia and OsteoArthritis my Dr. recommended Opana and it has been a God send.
Started this three days ago. Had already begun a low fat diet a few days prior. I 've had none of the oil-related side effects, but definitely things are more windy!!! I take one in morning with breakfast and one in evening with evening meal. My lunch is fat free so don 't need to take one then. I also have a bowl of high fibre cereal around 8pm which has the dual affect of stopping me eating junk and also the fibre is helping to keep my output firm, if you catch my drift!! Have had a few stomach cramps and generally need the loo within an hour of taking tablet. Put the effort in with diet and exercise, and this seems to definitely minimise the side effects.
I was started on Mirapex for Parkinson 's Disease. I have horrible pain, stiffness, tremors, headaches, dizziness and the list goes on. I had been confined to bed for nearly a year due to my complications. The very day I began taking the Mirapex we began to see improvement. As my dosage was increased I continued to show more and more improvement.  Mirapex is giving me my life back...slowly but surely!  The only complications I have are when my dosage is increased. I have slight nausea and tiredness but other than that I have had no other side effects.
Keeps me even tempered where as I used to be moody in the afternoons when I started getting tired.
Skyla insertion was the most painful thing of my life. It felt like giving birth and the cramps lasted all day. I was pale sweating and dizzy after insertion. Took me and hour to be able to leave the doctors office. However I had the Nexplanon and that was an absolute disaster so I had to choose a different method. I am excited to see how the Skyla works for me (after the pain goes away).
Have taken Amaryl 1mg for over a month and still cannot lower my blood sugar below 240. I walk, exercise and careful about what I eat..Help!
So it 's been 2 months now..I have been self controlling a little as I had a headache from hell.. only two times tho.. so why it 's random I do not understand.. but it 's so bad I can 't touch it with 10 Tylenol.. it 's crippling. BUT.. even so..I hate psoriasis so bad.. my life is altered by it..I continued on the Otezla with half the dose for a while.. back to full dosage.. but my psoriasis had returned due to the reduced dosage.. hoping it goes away again and those headaches as well.. nothing else is troubling.. the headaches need to subside so I can function normally at life and my job!
I am finding it VERY hard to believe these bad reviews of Macrobid.Im thinking these are the apple cider vinegar, D-Mannose and cranberry juice people, NONE of which cure UTIs. I have been battling reccurent and/or relapsing UTI 's for a few years, despite being celibate. Up until now Bactrim worked, yes, it gave me a headache and made my heart race, but it worked. Then I tried monurol worked a few times, expensive beyond, then stopped. yesterday I tried Macrobid first time..no side effects. Had I listened to these reviews, I would have killed myself before taking it.. It seems to be working. It doesnt kill your gut flora Its considered one of the SAFEST of the UTI drugs. All I can say is do not be afraid to try it!!
I have been taking 50mg of Citalopram daily for about two years now for GAD and depression and have made a significant improvement in all aspects of my life.I have however experienced several side effects:Lethargy/FatigueLoss of ConcentrationMemory LossYawningNightmaresIncreased SweatingInsomniaAugmented Essential TremorI think the overall efficacy of the drug outweighs the relatively minor side effects.
I 've been hesitant try Prozac as I didn 't want to be a zombie or overly sedated. But after 5 years of dealing with Panic Disorder/Generalized Anxiety and countless antidepressant not working, I decided to give it a try. The first month was pretty rough. I was always tired, brain was foggy and I continued to have anxiety. But I stuck with it and after increasing to 30 mg, I felt absolutely NORMAL. I could feel emotions and even a normal amount of anxiety without freaking out. It has also helped with social anxiety. DOWNSIDE - I find it almost impossible to get any deep sleep on this medicine, and no sleep medicine seems to work (I 've tried them all).
I have been taking this medication for a month now and I it works wonders for me. I had tried every over the counter product for constipation and it finally got to the point that my GI said I was becoming dependent on laxatives. I 'm an active 26yr old but I have had two major surgeries on my stomach. The second surgery ended with me needing half of my bowel removed. I 'm content with this medication. I worry about getting dependent years down the road. The only thing I don 't like about this medicine is that after I take it my bowel sounds are unreal. It wakes me up from my sleep. I haven 't had any other side effects that were listed above, luckily. I 'd recommend it. 
I took 20mg Prozac from age 16 to 27 to make sure my anxiety and depression didn 't interfere with being successful in high school and college. The 20mg completely got rid of my anxiety and depression. This dose, however, was too stimulating causing loopiness, decreased concentration in conversations, hyperactivity, and extended laughing spells over silly things. This dose also made it very difficult to orgasm and numbed up my emotions where it was difficult to feel whether I was in love with someone or not when dating. I did not realize these side effects until I finally got off Prozac at age 27, could feel my emotions, and discover my true personality off meds. Orgasms great now.
7 monthsThe insertion was painful enough to almost make me pass out. I did not take any NSAIDs beforehand but definitely needed it afterwards. Since then my periods have been lighter, but less regular (they weren&rsquo;t regular to begin with). Sometimes they come about twice a month, and sometimes they skip. The cramps are random and not correlated with the bleeding, and sometimes they&rsquo;re frequent and make me stop doing whatever I was doing and/or reach for the ibuprofen. It still feels like very bad gas, 7 months in. PMS symptoms are slightly worse. I do worry about the pain being the IUD imbedding, and about getting pregnant on it. I am still going to do at-home tests due to the irregularities, but it&rsquo;s still better than no birth control.
I started this in the hospital at 20 after a few days they upped it to 40. I felt weird the first week or so then somewhat normal I didn 't have an appetite for the first couple of weeks The major side effect has been insomnia.  I woke up at 2 or 3 in the morning.  I don 't fall alseep because I have to get up at 6 and my spouse will get up at 445 amI 've taking my son to school and then coming home and sleeping. I tired tea, melatonin and some liquid sleep aid but morning has worked to help sleep through the nightI dont want to take another medication
Finally cracked the code on this:1) Got Suprep early and put it in the fridge to get COLD - put it in the coldest part of my fridge for good measure.2) Day of prep, I mixed it with flat Mexican Coca-Cola (American Coke may do the same ... but there is a difference in flavor and sweetness). 3) Poured solution over a glass of ice and chugged it down with a large &quot;milkshake&quot; straw.. like the ones they give with Bubble Teas &amp; Smoothies.This really changed my dread of the prep, while it didn 't taste like a Chocolate Milkshake, I wasn 't sipping and gagging on it for what seemed forever.Well, it worked for me ... maybe it will for you. :)
I 'm 28 &amp; have asthma. I tried Singulair a few years ago, which helped my asthma &amp; allergies. I recently began to have asthma flare ups again &amp; started taking the generic. This time I am noticing side effects. I have frequent headaches, which may or may not be from the medicine, but could be from lack of sleep that I definitely attribute to this medicine. I get so exhausted  but can 't fall asleep until sometimes 6 am, then walk around like a zombie the next day only to repeat the pattern. I am prone to depression but have not noticed it worsening. I am not a crier but now tear up over everything, happy or sad. I have sharp pain in my ears. Dry eyes. 
I have had the Nexplanon in for 9 months . Getting it inserted was not painful but a good hard pinch.  I bruised afterwards for about 4 days and was sore for about 4 weeks . I had read the reviews on the menstrual cycle being light or not having one. But my own experience, I have a cycle once a month and then about 4 to 5 days later a heavier cycle which last about 3 to 5 days.  I dont mind it because I don 't want kids as if now and its good for 3 years. Which is a money saver if you have insurance.
Getting it put in was painless and I am a big baby even though I have given birth 3 times haha! I didn 't feel a thing though the doctor hadn 't even started when she was done. Afterwards I was a bit sore! I still have a fantastic sex drive, not too moody, and haven 't gained weight yet. It 's been about 1 month and a half. I do wish I would stop bleeding though it 's been over two weeks, not a big fan of that. It 's making sex a little undesirable obviously but overall it 's great so far! I just hope I 'm not one of those chicks who bleeds.
My skin peeled and it burned but it helped my acne so much.
I 've been on Kariva for probably 3 years or less now, and it is my favorite bc. I have tried others with crazy emotional side effects and heavy bleeding. Kariva gets rid of my period about 99% of the time, and with that, it decreases sex drive. It got rid of my acne, and constant hot flashes. I didn 't gain any weight on it. In fact, I just came off of Kariva a few weeks ago due to a severe yeast infection which I had no idea what was causing, and since then my hormones are insane from being off of it. I keep binge eating, have cramps, my vagina is almost tingling a lot, my face gets very flush and red and my skin is super dry. I gained  6 lbs in that time and hadn 't changed my eating patterns. I am going back on Kariva due to this.
I had a persistent cough for 8 weeks (muscle strain in side and back the worse pain ever when I coughed) diagnosed with walking pneumonia and was prescribed the usual Tussin with codeine (and an antibiotic) which is never helpful to my cough, after going to urgent care a 2nd time I was prescribed Tessalon (and another antibiotic) I took it 3 x day for 3 days and my cough started to cease by the 5th day no cough...2 weeks later cough started up again due to cold air, drafts at work so I read up on Tessalon that it starts to work up to 20 min after taking...maybe not 20 min for me but by end of day no more coughing.
Suffered with severe Neuropathic pain caused by shingles for a number of years whilst taking various ineffective painkillers. My Doctor recently prescribed 50mg Tramadol capsules which relieve the pain considerably. For me, this is a wonder drug and totally free on the NHS.
2x10mg a day for fibromyalgia pain. It is not perfect, but takes the edge off.
NuvaRing is my first kind of birth control and it 's convenient because I don 't have to remember to take a pill everyday. It has also evened out my up and down hormone mood swings but it 's difficult to use when I am away traveling for a few weeks and happen to be needing to place the next one in. This is something I didn 't think of until I planned a 14  day trip, which ended up right in the middle of my cycles.
Well I have been on Wellbutrin XL150mg for 5 days along with Paxil, also taking Xanax or kolonipine *only as needed (not often). While without meds I have too many thoughts running through my head all the majority of the time, I worry, and sometimes I even have fears of driving to places I am not familiar with. I find it difficult to concentrate in grad school (stressful) and cry out of simple being tried of trying to self encourage, and fight off or trying to ignore my anxiety. Since I have been on meds, my thoughts are slower, and not so many, but they are like a movie shooting through my mind, and it is usually a thought of worry. I will give it more time to work, hopefully it gets better.
I have been on this pill for almost a year now. I take it continuously as to not have periods due to my endometriosis. It was a wonderful pill with virtually no side effects until four months ago. I have breakthrough bleeding that lasted for 5 days. The next month I had breakthrough bleeding that lasted 4 days. The next month I had horrible pain but no bleeding. And finally this month (month 4) I have had excruciating pain and have been bleeding for 2 days so far. The pain is terrible and almost as bad as when I 'm not on birth control. I 'm going to my doctor to get switched. I would recommend this to anyone who was going on birth control for a short time but not any longer than 6 months.
My son has been on Vivitrol for 11 months for opiate dependence.  It has allowed him to get his life back on track.   I worry about how long he can continue to receive the shot.
This thing really does work. I got mine August 2013. I 've had regular periods always light and slightly longer.. But the last 2 months I have bled so badly to the point I have developed anemia and my doctor is making me take extra birth control with the shot which is pointless because it really does work.
I took Saphris for about 3 months for very, very mild schizoaffective disorder. I have body paranoia, delusions, constant fear, anxiety, severe depression, anorexia (unrelated) etc. This medication took all of that away. I was happy, smiling more, being more social, I was eating more again and even got back to a healthy weight (intentional gains) However, after being on it for 3 months I found myself unable to do every day tasks. My mental ability to do anything was gone, totally. My mental functioning got so bad I had to have an accommodation through HR at work so I didn 't lose my job while I got off the meds. Overall, super helpful. But that whole brain not working was a dealbreaker. I was so sad to get off Saphris. Back to square one.
I have epilepsy, anxiety problems, headaches, social problems, PMDD and OCD, this is my all all in one pill. Helps my anxieties and my headaches even my raging hormone levels. I don 't know how crazy I would be without it.
I started on Qsymia October 6th, lost 27 lbs as of Jan 18th.  I found that the last two weeks I 've been experiencing a metalllic taste that will not go away.  Overall been very pleased with the weight drop but have been noticing that after dinner I need to be careful not to graze, the pill start to wear off by that time. The medication is expensive as insurance does not cover, it 's a shame since obesity can cost the insurance companies much more than $160.00 a month.
Started seeing results after 48 hours.  One week into taking 100 mg once a day, my skin has cleared hugely.  The cystic bumps have stopped and my acne has reduced to the occasional white head, which sits on the surface instead of deep in the skin.  I 'd recommend it, I wish I didn 't take one year to get onto it.  I used it as a last resort as nothing topical worked.
I developed cystic acne, I 'm guessing as a result of hormones, stress, and genetics. My doctor and I changed what we were using during the second visit, since we were doing some trial and error (figuring out what works). Since my skin is not sensitive, we went from a combination of doxycycline, tretinoin, and clyndimicine (idk how to spell it) to a combination of tretinoin of higher strength, erythromycin/BP gel, and minocycline. My skin has cleared up in a matter of 2 months with the occasional pimples and some acne scarring. My only complaint with the erythromycin/BP is that it makes your skin super tight, reacts awful with chlorine (pools), and makes it difficult to put makeup on overtop.
I have had Implanon inserted since November 2010 after the birth of my son. No period until yesterday, which surprised me (after 19 months without periods). I have had no weight gain (despite a very good appetite and a love for cooking), but no libido at all (because of the breastfeeding as well). I stopped breastfeeding 2 months ago when my son was 18 month old, maybe my hormones production changed, and the birth control in the same time. I do acrobatic dance too and I wonder if the implant is still in place: for some of my tricks my partner needs to grab my arm over the implant.  I will check with the doctor on Monday. I may ask her to remove it and take regular pills instead.
Tired/sexual dysfunction i.e. Very hard to achieve orgasm.
For the most part I liked the mirena. The only problem I had with it that I see no one mentioning is that I had heavy discharge to the point of having to wear a pantiliner everyday or it looked like I wet myself. On the pill now and the discharge is normal again.
I 've only been using the ring for a while, so I feel a little too biased to give it a perfect rating.  That said, I am (so far) satisfied with this form of birth control.  I 've only experienced mild cramping since first using it (cramps while off my period), but nothing near unbearable.  No weight gain, no acne, no noticeable change in my sex-drive, etc. In fact, I was on the pill before switching to the ring.  On the pill, I had constant, heavy discharge.  Since switching to NuvaRing, the discharge has stopped!  And it is much, much easier than remembering a pill every day.  The ring does come out during intercourse, but it 's no biggie: I just rinse it in cool water and reinsert it afterward.  No complaints about this ring from me. 
I felt the effects of Axiron in the first three days. Changes are pretty quick and satisfying! The application isn 't too messy if you go slow, and it dries very quickly, especially if you put it on before getting dressed all the way. It smells a little like hand sanitizer, and it has a texture like it too. Overall, it 's fantastic! I am, unfortunately, part of that group of 3% of guys who experienced vomiting. It was encouraged by a night of mild drinking. After symptoms abated, I continued with Axiron, and have had no problems since. I love it!
Had been on prescription strength Naproxen for 6 days before I decided I didn 't feel a benefit. Took nothing for 2 days and then bought Aleve 220 mg per pill and took 2. Not sure what the difference was but have noticed more relief from the constant discomfort while walking.
I take 10mg and my LDL cholesterol is still 147 but I don 't have muscle pain in the arms like with other Statins.
I have had cold sores my whole life. Pop the blisters, dry with a paper towel and apply Abreva as directed. Completely healed in 4-6 days every time.
I have found this medication very good for my stress levels and makes me very relaxed. I do seem to sweat alot and my mouth becomes dry and sometimes I have vivid dreams. I take 40mg a night.
Works with my lisinopril to lower my high blood pressure.  Really bad dry mouth &amp; throat the first week.  Also I pee ALL the time.  My tummy has gotten smaller and I fit into pants I could never wear.
I started smoking the second time around for about 7 years now. I am 43 years old with high blood pressure. Cholesteral is fine. So I talked with my doctor and I am on week two, day three of taking Chantix. I have experienced bouts of nausea. I have been reading the reviews and I am going to take it with milk. I use to smoke at least 10 cigs a day. Today I only had one, tried smoking another one. Nah, it was awful! I 'm glad because I don 't want to stroke out from high blood pressure. I now have to take blood pressure medicine. I 've only had one crazy dream. I do feel tired at times. Cried a few times, but I 'm gonna tough it out! Thank you for your reviews and suggestions. I 'll keep you posted. Be blessed all!
I started Belviq on February 19th, dry mouth but no other side effects.  I am down five pounds in those three weeks.  First week absolutely no weight loss and hungry.  Second week I noticed a change in appetite. Lost 3 lbs.  Third week I am down five.  Appetite is controllable most times.  It does require some self discipline right now.  So far so good.
I experience cold sores 3-4 times a year. My RX acyclovir was long expired, so I tried abreva. Walgreens only had the pump bottle available. It was almost as effective as RX. My complaint is that the amount dispensed is at least 3 times what is needed...so much waste considering the cost!!
My ophthalmologist recommended Systane for dry eyes, so I tried them out.  Though the compound does lubricate reasonably well, it is so viscous that it tends to cause burring for awhile before the eyes start clearing up.  Hence, the only time I can use them without being forced to deal with that nuisance effect is before I go to sleep.Any other recommendations?
Type 2 for 20 years, Levemir used for 15 of the past years with increasing dosaging and could not get &quot;even&quot; spread with Levemir 's 24hr protocol; Dr changed me to Humulin N, a 12 hr protocol with better effects throughout a 24hr period.  Negative; caused me to gain 8 pounds within 2 weeks.  I am very active and trim 64yr old and I don 't like this effect.
I was on the Depo Shot for 3 years and wanted to try something new. I was on my period when the Nexplanon was inserted. About 30 minutes after insertion, my period stopped. I 've been on it for a year and still haven 't had a period yet. It does excellent at preventing pregnancy. I 've gained just 3 pounds and my weight has seemed to level out. On Depo, I was gaining 3 pounds each couple of months. My hair is very curly and thick but the hair loss is kinda freaky when showering. I 'll comb it and globs of it are on the brush. Besides that, I have no other issues. Every body is different. I 'm glad I chose this to protect me during college.
Works well. Popular brand.
I got my Nexplanon in May of 2015. I have had unprotected sex twice and have not become pregnant. I have noticed, however, that my period is so unpredictable and can last almost a whole month when it comes but is reasonably light. I wear a pad a lot to ensure I don 't have an accident. My depression and anxiety have gotten worse but I 'm not completely sure if that is because of this birthcontrol. I lost weight which wasn 't bad. I have so far liked this birthcontrol and will continue to use it till I 'm ready to have a child
I 've completed a starter pack and am 2wks into my second month @ 40mg/day. At week three of my starter pack up through yesterday, I felt better than I had in over a year! Not unlike most users, I have also experienced GI issues that I hope will subside evenutally and I experience missing a dose for two days which made me panic a bit. Yesterday, however, I began to notice new side effects - lingering ache at the base of my skull and my back aches and is stiff and I 've lost all the energy and sharpness that I previously experienced. Based on many of the other user posts, I think I may need to go down on my dose. However, If I am able to return to the initial results for Viibryd, it 's definitely a win and would change my rating to 10!
Have found this med effective. Have been taking 20mg maintenance dosage for 2 months. Nausea continues daily (morning is when take my dose) for a couple of hours - but the &quot;volume&quot; of the world around me is way down - as is the irrational rage/anger/frustration that follows when not on medication. Sleeping through the nights. As effective as Cymbalta, Zoloft and others I 've taken - I hope this one continues to work - the others stopped after a while.
As far as a sleep medication it works great, as far as anxiety medication I find that Ativan, klonopin and most benzodiazepines work better for me as anxiety medications but that is just my own personal experience with anxiety medications. 
I took Junel when I was 19 years old for birth control. The only downside to it was my decreased sex drive - which was kind of a big deal. Otherwise, I didn 't experience any crazy symptoms, but my relationship ended so there was no reason to continue using.
Took first dose at 8:30 am and went to work. Definitely cleared me up so, as directed, took another dose at 12 hours (8:30 pm) and went to bed feeling tired. As medication took effect, I became restless and tossed and turned and found myself unable to sleep. 1:30 am and I 'm learning of my mistake. Packaging should definitely be updated to disclose this fact. Works great to clear sinuses but I won 't take again at night due to side effect of insomnia
Really have to give it time! I was stuck in a constant state of anxiety and this plus the combination of klonopin has really given my life back. I strongly encourage help if you need it, anxiety is very real and very scary but there is help available! I am unique that I take 30mg daily but it seems like the right dose for me. To really see effects of this medication you must find the correct dose and give anywhere from 4-8 weeks for full effects. There is hope for anyone out there.
I am on dialysis and now have neuropathy in my feet. I have tried many things and find Lyrica works but I have to take a low dose, only 75mg a day.  I have found that this low dose of Lyrica works well with 10mg of Vicodin.  My feet are tolerable and I can function without kicking my feet every millisecond and always thinking of the pain in my feet.  This combination works very well and I recommend it to all diabetic/dialysis neuropathic pain patients.
I primarily use this medication for sleep and it works great for that. Once you take it, be ready to go bye bye. It works so well but I also find it hard to get up in the morning. Clearly it does its job a little too well.It is also supposed to help a little with depression which is also why My doctor prescribed it to me and so far my mother says that she see 's that I 'm a little happier but I don 't personally feel any different.
I have been taking Ondivo since March 2016.  My cancer is now in my liver and the medicine seems to be keeping the  cancer strictly in my liver, due to a PET scan in 12-2016.  I have developed a red rash and found that lotion and creams do help.  Lately I have noticed my nails looking strange and the thumb nails look  like they may come off.  Have not discussed with my doctor, and will do so at the next appointment.  My cancer started in a  knot on my neck and in my lung as stage 4.  I only have the cancer in my liver.  I  am unsure as to what I will do considering that cancer has been contained to my liver only.  I have had cancer since August 2013.
I found out I had endometriosis a few months ago and before I went on birth control(Sprintec) I would be in such pain I wouldn 't be able to get out of bed. It was horrible. When my OBGYN put me on this birth control the pain stopped and I was able to do a lot of things I wasn 't able to before.
Okay I 'm writing this review for all of the young ladies who are afraid to get the skyla. I got it today and IT DOESN 'T HURT at all. It 's all of a 10 minute process, if that long . They give you a medicine to take the night before and as long as you take that you 're good to go . I also took something for cramps about 30 minutes before the appointment. When inserted you only feel MILD cramps , just as if you were getting your cycle. It 's not painful and trust me I don 't take pain well. I 'm 19 and this is definitely the best decision for girls our age . Not having to worry about any surprises for three years is something we need !
Im 58 and female. After a hive free life I left my home in the S J Valley where the air is terrible (pollen and allergens are bad) to go to Hungary. I had no problem there but  soon as I got back I had lost all immunity to the valley and hives came. After 9 mnths of hives, huge and tiny, itching, burning swelling hands, bottom of feet itch and swell, 2 trips to ER for anaphylactic shock, epi pen, prednisone, Benedryl, 2 Kenelog shots, Singulair, Zantac, Xyzol, Zyrtec and Xanax, after much research, I found Xolair is the only med approved for hives.I FINALLY got started.I am getting 150mg every 2 weeks rather than 300mg p/mo. It seems slow but gradually better. Still get rash, hives shrunk size and amount, only need 2 pills/not 12. Hopeful..
I was put on Fluoxetine 40mg daily due to a particularly bad bout of depression that left me unable to work or even get out of bed. That was over a year ago and it was a GODSEND. I started on 10mg and increased to 40 within a month, close to no side effects (some stomach pain), and the relief of my depression happened within the first week. After a month and a half on it I was feeling great and alive again! It was amazing! After 8 months on the medication, I decided to wean off. That went well, however anxiety started building up again. I believe my condition has now changed. I was put back on Fluoxetine 40mg but felt no relief of my anxiety whatsoever and had to add Ativan to my regimen. I am now exploring other options but it was great!
I started Emsam when hospitalized.  My doctor noticed the positive effects before I did.  She noticed I was thinking more clearly and more active.  After 2 weeks I began to notice my mental clarity.  After 1 month I cleaned my house in 1 day and began to shower, dress, apply make up and do my hair every day.  I did not have to think about what need to be done I JUST DID IT.  This was the first time in my life I can ever remember just being ME.  After 6 months I became allergic to the adhesive, I can no longer use Emsam.  What I wouldn 't give to once again KNOW WHO I AM.  But I am lost in depression and pain.  I would gladly live with the restriction of Emsam because I WOULD BE LIVING.
I would like to say this is a very good birth control and it works! I have had it for three years in June and I have to get it out because at the time it was 3 years guess it went up to four, which is cool. I would just like to say I have gained lots of weight since I have got it but I was a little under weight 100lb. I have gained about 35 pounds since then! which I don 't mind but if I wasn 't watching my weight I would be scared to see what I would weigh! So keep that in the back of your mind. At first I had non-stop bleeding which lasted a long time but eventually went away.  So overall its a great BC.
I officially started this medication on Aug 16 and weight was 274. I am 53 ,Male, 6 '2&quot; . I will keep this updated every week.. I wake up, drink 16 oz of water with 1 pill,  I walk 5 miles every morning, after my walk ,I make a protein shake of Almond milk, fruit, protein and honey. I try and drink approx 150 oz of water a day, I eat every two- two and a half hours ,180-300 calories per meal while trying to stay between 1500-2000 calories a day. Next week I will begin a workout program at the gym. I will be weighing myself once a week ,each Tuesday morning and will post here all of the results,good and not so good if warranted.
Started Adderall 2 weeks ago. I am still trying to find the right dose. Doctor said &quot;start with 10mg morning and afternoon but if that 's to much take 5mg morning and afternoon&quot; I 'm finding if I take 10mgs and my day is really busy I am fine but if my day is not than I notice my heart rate and a need to be doing something. I 'm not sure about this medicine yet but willing to give it a little more time. I just want to know if the feeling of needing to be busy will end.
I have had Ulcerative Colitis for 13 years. Asacol is good for maintenance of active ulcerative colitis.
I was on levothyroxine for 10 years and it never did anything for me. My levels were never optimal and I continued to gain weight, be depressed, and waste money on a useless drug. So far with the Tirosint my only side effect is a slight headache. For the first time in my life my hormone levels are excellent, but my wallet is empty. Tirosint is ridiculously expensive. I use a compounding house which sells a month supply to me for $68 (Willow), as opposed to the  $125 per month that CVS wanted. I feel the price is a disgrace and something needs to be done about this. I have insurance that does not cover this drug (BCBS). My doctor gave me a discount coupon for $35 a month but Blue Cross Blue Shield would not honor it. Ask your doc for this.
I 'm 31 and diagnosed with ADHD for 23 years. When my parents started me on Ritalin in 3rd grade their only regret was letting me struggle for so long. I was always being sent home from school for playing in the mud, walking out of class, etc. I was talkative and happy, but my grades were well below satisfactory - I had very few teachers encourage me, rather I was written off as a disruption. My first year on medication was hard, I had no appetite and trouble sleeping. After about 6 months all the side effects went away. I could eat and sleep no problem. I have been on Adderal now for 17 years. I graduated college, have amazing job - not sure where I would be if nobody saw the signs and helped.
Tried a few mood stabilizers this year. Lamictal made me severely agitated and couldn 't sleep a wink. Zyprexa turned me into the Cookie Monster and made me put on weight very fast. Put on this and have had great results. I don 't get upset like I used to, and the racing thoughts have diminished greatly along with the anxiety.
Have lost 6.9kg since late May 2016 when I started taking the pills. Take them with almost every meal unless out and don 't have them on me. Weight loss slowed down in month 3, but now coming up to 4th weigh in on a week and a half and have added exercise which boosted weight loss immediately. Hoping to have lost at least another 3kg by Christmas, but hopefully more!
I was switched to Microgestin last May after years on Yaz. I have extremely heavy bleeding/pain/fatigue that lasted 21+ days with 1 week break, then repeat. Yaz stopped my periods for years, but they started again, so I switched. Microgestin seemed like overkill, but it has stopped the bleeding and I was instructed to skip the placebos. I have gained 15 lbs that won 't budge, but as I 've never been overweight, dr. dismissed this concern. Mood-wise, I&rsquo;ve always been laid-back but I find that it&rsquo;s easier to become overwhelmed. However, I have more worry about in general so I cannot solely attribute anxiety to it.  Over all, it&rsquo;s doing what I need it to do, but as I continue to sort out my lady problems, I would like to back down.
I 've been taking 10mg of citalopram everyday now for 7 days and then had to up it to 20mg after that. Have never felt so rough! Those first 7 days were hell for me, really bad headaches sickness and very bad depression that felt worse than what I had to begin with! I hadn 't been able to eat anything either 4 or 5 days into it, but i tell you now the first day I took the 20mg start of week 2 absolute different story. I 'm like a different person. Please stick the first week out as that was the worst for me it does get better I promise. Stick it out I nearly didn 't but so glad I did now! i feel brilliant now. These tablets do work but give your body time to accept them and you 'll reap the benefits. Be strong and stick it out. Tomorrow is another day :)
Terrible watery diarrhea and gas.  Bronchitis is better though!
I had AFib first timeI got cardioconversionIt came back month later ended up in ERAccording to my numerous halter monitors I was having AFib frequent I was unawareTried numerous meds most bottomed out my bpPropafenone worksI 'm also on Eliquis butBeen noticing hair loss I 'm tired oftenI do have occasional PACI 'm a midnight nurseBad habits coffee, no sleep, stressWeight gain did not helpI 'm trying to lessen my stressLol
Great for treatment of opiod withdrawal. But hard to get off of in my opinion
I just found out I have bipolar and also maybe skitzo efftive not sure how u spell that. Anyways my thinking process was horrible and I took this medicine and the FIRST day I noticed a huge difference for the first time in a while I felt like a normal person! It was amazing! Side effects I 've had were numbness of toungue and bad taste (which aren 't bad) but I do sometimes wake up in the middle of the night feeling like my legs are asleep or tingling. But that was the first night I took it and the first time I updosed my medicine I hope that ain 't a bad thing and it goes away because other than that its AWESOME!
I, a 21 yeard old male, was prescribed 10 mg ambien a few weeks ago for insomnia. I 've dealt with insomnia for several years, I 'd lie in bed with my eyes closed for 10 hours and would often not sleep for a second. Or if I did, it was for an hour or 2 and I rarely felt rested. Beforehand, I tried many sleeping aids (Melatonin, Belsomra, Trazadone) and nothing worked. Within 20 minutes of taking ambien for the first time I was out like a light and slept 8+ hours for the first time in years. However, I 've been more recently experiencing the problem of not only waking up feeling groggy, but feeling that throughout the day. Even 8+ hours and a significant amount of caffeine later, I feel far less attentive than I was when I was sleep deprived.
Well I 've been taking this med for a little over a month now. I will say the first night I took it I did suffer insomnia but only for one night. Now that I 'm on the full dosage for about 2 weeks now I am noticing more of a nausea feeling for the past few days. I 've lost about 13lbs so it does works for me. However I don 't believe I 'll be taking for too much longer due to the nausea feeling. FYI - If you eat any grease or fried foods you will definitely feel the affects. It does force you to think about what you are eating and how it affects you.
I 'm on my 4th pill of Macrobid...ok the reviews here will scare the crap out of you but let me give you a few tips. I made sure my dr prescribed me Zofran so when I took the first pill ( be sure to take it with FOOD) I took a Zofran . I did feel nauseous for about 30 mins and felt a little woozy but it didn 't last long ...took the 2nd pill with FOOD and got a headache but nothing horrible and had no other side effects ...By the time I took the third pill I had no side effects but I still took pill with food and zofran . Don 't let the reviews scare you . I feel so much better after 4 pills as far as my infection and the more the pills get in your system the less severe the side effects should be.Zofran and food and you 'll be good to go
I had been experiencing sever stomach pain for about a year and a half that included nausea, stomach pain, always bloated, and pressure under my ribcage. Dr perform Urea Breath Test; tested positive for H. Plyri. I completed day 10 yesterday. I was lucky enough not experience any sever side effects. I did experience multiple migraines while on it and I always felt very tired. But just after taking the first full day of it, I definitely felt a difference. Today is my first day without having had taken them and I feel a 100 times better. I actually have an appetite! It 's harsh and long and I wanted to give up, but in the end I thought it was worth it. Now to wait 4 weeks before I can get retested to ensure it 's gone.
So I am on day 2 out of 5. First day was awful, 20 mins after my first dose I started getting extremely itchy on my throat, neck, and face; my bottom lip flared up and I got really nauseous. I turned the fan on, drank a bunch of water and lied down.I was going to discontinue it but after  a good hour all my symptoms went down. I decided to try it again this morning and i 'm feeling fine! Still a little burning when I urinate but it is so much better now. Hoping this will work.
Doctor recommended taking  50 mg of tramadol for pain. I took 1 with no problem took a 2nd 6 hours later no problem. The next day I took one in the morning and the problem began.I felt like vomiting slight stomach pain, hot flashes where I was sweating  and nausea.The pain did go away but the side effect were terrible. Hope this helps someone,thanks
I LOVE THIS MEDICATION! I first started out on 10 mg and felt as if nothing was happening. I talked to my doctor and explained to her the situation and then she prescribed 15 mg for me. 12 pounds in a week! I am feeling more motivated then ever to lose weight. Some side effects I have had are hunger, headaches, nausea, and some constipation.
I have been taking it for 2 years now . It will drop your blood sugar levels quickly so you need to eat within 10 minutes of taking it . If I exercise alot that will further drop my blood sugar levels . Be careful at first . I take a soda in the car with me just in case or carry glucose tablets until you see how it affects you . You may need to eat more than you are use to .I have not had any side effects
I feel better. But I feel that I can 't focus.  As well my left side of my face is tingling. I going to stop and call my doctor.  This is not the first I taking this medication and never had this side effect.
I 'm getting ready to finish up my second pack at the end of this week.  I have to say after the first month, I really debated to quit taking it.  I had HORRIBLE side effects.  Constant headaches, muscle aches and spasms and my period was HORRIFIC. Then again this was the first real period I 've had in years.  It came on my 2nd week and lasted throughout the rest of my pack and it was HEAVY.  Like 3 boxes of super tampons heavy!  I was breaking out, cramps were TERRIBLE,  irritable and felt like I had no energy BUT I found out I was also extremely deficient in Vitamin D and I needed more potassium.  Now that I 'm taking my multi-vitamins, I 've found that my side effects have really subsided.  My period is LIGHT and my sex drive has increased.
I 've been on this medication for seven months. Before this I was on YAZ for five years (with no issues) but after constant recommendations to switch birth control brands from my doctor I made the change. I find this pill makes me extremely nauseated with terrible head aches the first week of the pills. I want to try a new one but don 't know which on to try.
Went on Invokana last year.  Never lost weight but my readings were phenomenal. HbA1c went from 7.3 to 6.2.  I have to go off of it now because it has caused an extreme yeast infection I 've had since last November. 
I 've tried many different birth controls for about 3 yrs prior to taking Apri. I took Apri for my acne &amp; birth control for 2 yrs &amp; it worked great. I decided to stop taking birth control altogether about 1.5 yrs ago. My acne came back immediately but my periods were lighter and I didn 't have cramps while I was off of it. My dermatologists prescribed me Accutane for my acne but I decided to try birth control again. I 've been taking Apri for 4 months &amp; my skin is basically completely clear. Maybe 1 or 2 when it 's TOM. However I 've noticed recent weight gain (10 lbs in 2 wks) &amp; increase in my appetite &amp; cravings. My breasts are sore &amp; noticeably bigger. I 'm worried this is side effects from Apri. But 10lbs is better than acne!
This medicine is great for daytime anxiety or anxiety with insomnia. Doctors give way too much of this 300mg, 500mg, etc. to non-manic patients when much smaller dosages will work. I used a HALF TABLET (12.5mg) for sleep. Lately I used 1/4 tablet (one in morning and one in afternoon) to lower base anxiety level. You don 't need to be knocked out to get relief from anxiety!
First week was hell, more anxiety and panic attacks. Had to leave work early one day for the anxiety, also left a family event early. But now... Starting second week and starting to feel like myself again! As long as things continue this way will be happy on this drug! Without the first weeks ' side effects would give it a 10.
This drug is strong.  I find myself not even thinking about my anxiety.  I have been dealing with anxiety/panic attacks for 20 years since I was 14.  It feels good to have some relief.
It may cause stomach irritation.
I took plan B a few weeks ago... ever since I have woken up with a bad headache, acne, weight gain, mood changes, light cramping, nausea &amp; extreme fatigue. I probably shouldn 't have taken this as my experience with regular birth control was bad.... Only reason I rates as high as I did was because I didn 't end up pregnant. However because of the side effects I will never be taking again.
Excellent as long as I take it regularly. If I miss a dose I have heartburn right away. I wish there were some extended release form of this drug.
Side effects 1st couple of weeks, tingling fingers, shaking hands, insomnia &amp; nausea...All of which ceased thereafter.  Felt a lifting of mood day two &amp; incredibly better from weeks 3 to 4.  Suffered from depression &amp; anxiety, both of which are much better.  Easier to cope with everything, keep things in perspective &amp; enjoy life.  Noticed lately issue with short-term memory, to the point where I forget the end of my sentences which is tricky...Believe is a likely side effect so will discuss with my GP.  Overall am very glad I started with this as the improvement is fab.
I 'm 27 and have had cystic acne since age 11. I took Accutane my soph. year of college and it worked pretty much instantly with good results and no side effects (maybe dry lips but I barely remember that). The acne came back though about 2 years later, and I took a second cycle. About 4-5 years later (now) it has come back slowly and I am considering a 3rd round. I 've used Proactiv for over a year, and that was working, but has seemed to stop working and severely dry out my skin. I 'm nervous about the side effects with a third round, but the first 2 cycles I had no issues- so I 'm hoping this round will last longer!
I started taking Cymbalta 10 months ago after developing Fibromyalgia. I am a 40 year old male in good physical condition. It is very effective for pain - not 100% - but enough that I have mostly pain free days. The pain in my hands, fingers, wrists, groin, hips and back is very manageable now. I 've also noticed that my plantar fasciatis pain is completely gone, and headaches are rare but easy to manage. Side effects include memory loss, some fatigue and difficulty with orgasm. I could not have a job or even be a good father/husband without it. My insurance covers some of the cost. 
7 years ago my Blood pressure skyrocketed 110/100. I was going through some personnel issues at home and Dr. put me on Toprol(Beta-Blocker) didn 't work, having heart palpitations. I started running and also changed my Meds to Diovan 160mg. BP went down to 110/70. 
My experience with Ortho Tri-cyclen Lo has been good. I have used it for 2 years. I have not experienced cramping or weight gain. I exercised a lot for the first year, but this past year I have not exercised and I have maintained the same weight evenly. I do think that this helps with my facial breakouts as well. I recommend this product, however I have not tried anything else.
I take tramadol for 7 days every three months following trigger point injections, and as needed for back pain following a car accident. This medication takes away my pain from the injections and when I have flare-ups! Side effects for me include dizziness (if I take it without food), drowsiness, slight insomnia, dry mouth, and euphoria or a floating feeling. I cannot drive or do anything requiring intense concentration after taking this medication. That said, I am sensitive to the effects of medications. Although there are some side effects, overall this medication helps me a lot and allows me to deal with pain more easily.
Switched from Atenolol after many years due to usual beta blocker problems (tiredness, etc) and blood pressure wouldn 't stay down long, tightness in chest and breathlessness. After 3 months on Coreg CR, tightness in chest much better, breathlessness no change, blood pressure stays down all day, but is 147/91 at night and in the morning. It is 113/57 two hours after medication, but I am also taking Isosorbide ER at the same time, which also lowers blood pressure as a side effect. Coreg CR is much more expensive, but I would rather take this anytime compared to Atenolol. Also beware of mixing these with Nasonex (no matter what they say) and any cold decongestants with phenylephrine. They will increase blood pressure.
When I was diagnosed as bipolar I was put on Zyprexa.  I took it 3 times a day and it was great at eliminating my mania, depression, and anxiety symptoms.  However I had two side effects, I would get tired and I gained over 100 pounds over 12 years.  So my doctor suggested lithium and I am on that now and doing fine and I have lost 30 pounds in 4 months.
This works amazingly. I 've had a problem with sweating for so long and this was a life saver for me. However if you get it prescribed by a doctor I recommend that you test how often you put it on yourself. I recently had Hypercare, which according to my pharmacist had the same exact ingredients as Drysol, so my doctor told me how much to put on a week etc. But a horrible burning and redness happened in my armpit and a lump came about from using it too often. So seriously use this sparingly and test it yourself how often to use it. Everyone is different so you may only need to use it a couple times a month or week etc! Just a warning for new users!
I was prescribed Voltaren gel for my MCP joint, which experienced remodeling of bone after my 14-year career as a deep tissue massage therapist.  I am a chiropractic student, so I went the conservative route first: adjustment, ultrasound, cold laser, Alpha-stim, microcurrent probes.  Finally I had a series of x-rays on campus and unfortunately, there is a large osteophyte on the volar (palm) side of the base of the 1st metacarpal, along with serious lipping of the scaphoid bone which supports it (you know this combination as the saddle joint).  Voltaren helps the crippling pain of trying to unscrew a jar, open a doorknob, or hold a pen.  I will however have surgery to remove the osteophyte.
This medicine works well to lower my blood pressure, maybe too well.  I feel light headed at times and have a lack of energy.
Xyrem works for me.  I am able to wake up easily as this medication is wearing off.  I notice feeling more rested with less daytime sleepiness.  I believe Xyrem helps to facilitate REM sleep during the night, so there is less tendency to go into a dream state during daily activities.
I started Contrave on 1/14/15, I have lost 42lbs as of 5/22/15.  As of today I will be voluntarily stopping the medication due to quality of life.  I am ecstatic over the weight loss but the severe constipation and side effects of the prescribed stool softners, meds for dizziness, and daily vomiting has come to a point that it is no longer worth it.  My PCP and I have tried to address each issue and I am on a total of 4 daily prescriptions, a stool softner, nausea meds, vertigo type med and the Contrave with a monthly total of $208.00 just to be able to take this medication, and I am still to sick to function normally.  Other than my ability to tolerate the side effects this medication did suppress my appetite and aid my weight loss.
I got my first Implanon in May 2015, was sticking out of my arm for a week, painful and bruised, and when check-up day came a week later my doctor was &quot;surprised&quot; to find my bandages still on and the device still sticking out after telling me it would &quot;heal over&quot;. He then went on to use this adorable excuse that it was because I 'm &quot;so thin&quot;. He removed it and ordered me a new one, no charge. My second one in June2015 was planted correctly under the watchful eyes of my USN mother and my fiance. After two weeks of having the device bleeding started, some mood swings, but nothing unmanageable. Bleeding went on continuously for 5 months with just a two day break in August and another two day break in later October. New OB/GYN and satisfying BC.
Zomig gets rid of my migraine but it knocks me out. I take one dose and then sleep for 3 hours. Afterward the headache is gone but my joints ache and my muscles are very tender to the touch.
Myrbetriq worked 100% when I first started on it.  Somehow, I missed taking it for several days and the symptoms returned.  I have been faithfully taking it for 3 months since the  'break ' in taking it and there is no reduction in my symptoms. I am back to where I was before I was prescribed the medicine.
I have weight loss surgery and was told my GERD would be cured after my surgery. Well they lied and it 's actually worse. Dexilant is the only med that takes the edge off. However, it is so expensive. When I was on Obama care I paid over $300 a month for it. However, I have no choice but to take it or not eat. It 's always a fight with me insurance company. I wish they would make a generic or make it cheaper. Hoping it is helping my barrettes esophagus so I don 't get cancer.
I have been taking Sronyx for about a year now and it 's been pretty a good to me. I am a bit more moody, and my appetite has increased a little with this pill (I 've gained 10 pounds, but managed to lose 5). But, overall this is a good pill. It cleared up my acne and the appetite increase is manageable. I would recommend this pill.
I had the Liletta IUD inserted on April 22nd 2017. I am 19 and did it mostly to not have to worry about taking a pill everyday. Insertion was extremely painful. Like a mix between losing your virginity plus the worst cramps you could imagine. Cramps were horrible after insertion. (DON 'T GO BY YOURSELF TO PUT THIS ON). I almost fainted on my way back. I was dizzy, weak and in a lot of pain. Really painful cramps lasted 2 days after insertion  and then milder ones on and off for the first week, especially when I worked out. It 's been about 3 weeks now and I have been spotting every single day which is really annoying, but I am a lot less worried about pregnancy and pretty much everything about my life is normal.
It 's better then a lot of the other pain medications. I get to sleep tonight without a lot of pain.
It 's been a month now and I 'm still spotting so don 't be surprised ladies. That part is the worst, other than that no issues. It does make intimacy issues due to the spotting. No significant acne changes or weight gain. Spotting and cramps seemed to have decreased so I 'm waiting for the day it stops altogether. So far really enjoying it and knowing I 'm protected.
I started taking this medication about 1-2 months ago. I started on 5mg and noticed a huge difference within two weeks. The brain fog is what shocked me the most. After two weeks I was able to concentrate and talk to people without feeling cloudy and exhausted as a result. I increased my dose to 10mg as directed by my psychiatrist and have noticed that my anxiety is not as intense as it used to be. I still feel anxious but overall I feel &quot;stabilized&quot; and like I can get on with my day. I was having panic attacks almost daily before I started this medication. I did not experience any nausea or vomiting like other people. I only feel slight upset stomach if I don 't take it with food but it goes away eventually.
With proper dosing, i.e.,enough mgs, Ativan works very well in controlling my irritability and anxiety. The only temporary, mild side-effects that occurred were a slight lack of motivation, slight feelings of disorientation, which these dissipated quickly.
I first got mine put in at my 4 week check up after our daughter was born as we didn 't want a misshap. I didn 't really have any complaints however,a few short months I started getting my period for 2-3 weeks at a time and didn 't have much of a sex drive ( my husband was the only one who had a problem with that) after my 3 years I decided that I would just get another one inserted after much research into other birth controls I just seen this one to be fit. I had it inserted 6-3-16 and the day I had it inserted I was set to start my period never did until the end of July to have a full blown period. I love it for the most part. No bad experience really.
I began experiencing acne when I turned 35. Of course I thought this was odd due to being midway to 40, so I dealt with it long as I could. I tried Proactive, it work for a while, Neutrogena, nothing was happening. It was almost like my face took turns into which side would break out first. I  was always self conscious and began wearing make up to master the acne and the dark spots. Finally I became frustrated and decided to see a dermatologist for my never ending battle with my face. The Dermatologist recommended I try Doryx and Aczone. At first I did not see any change but it has now been almost three weeks and I notice a difference. Waiting for better results.
So I absolutely adore my lexapro I 'm the happiest I have been in years. I literally cannot function without it. I had went off of it for about a month however due to insurance issues and I went insane. Like literally. Hysterical crying episodes I left my husband. So be prepared to never ever skip it. (i am back with my husband,btw when I got my mind back)
Hi you all. I have to say if you are worried to take a deep breath because it works however for me the side effects were terrible. Had unprotected sex (condom broke) and he did not come inside me. 6 h later I got paranoid and took Plan B. That was around 1pm. I felt fine the entire day until 9pm where I just started to get diarrhea, nausea, and the feeling of being really tired (my eyes just could not stay focus and wide open). The room was spinning so much I had to sleep on a chair and suck ice cubes.My period was due for another week and a half. The effect lasted for 2-3days (did not go to school). On the 5th day I got my period. 
I 've been on 75 mg twice a day for three months which took the edge off my sciatica but did little for lower back pain. A week ago my dosage increased to 150mg twice a day and my back pain is good and sciatica is gone. Additionally my general anxiety is eased. There 's no worsening of my depression symptoms (I manage depression/anxiety with efexor). Aside from mild sedation I 've had a great result from lyrica so far. Hope it continues working this well! :)
Had an yeast infection for like 3 days went to the Dr yesterday and they gave me diflucan n cipro i still feel it..... When will it disappear?????
Have had toenail fungus for 10 years. It got so bad that the yellow nails grew upward at a depth of 1/8th&quot;. Pretty disgusting.  Over the course of those years, I had tried every cream and topical that any doctor would give me, any store bought method and any old wives tale I could find.  NONE of them worked. They would never give me Lamisil in pill form quoting all the ill side effects.  Finally, a doctor who thought that was crazy given the extent of the fungus.  I am on my second month (of three) with the pills and I file the top down with a dremel every time I get a chance.  I am seeing improvement in the rate of the growth.  It has slowed down tremendously.  I am very hopeful that this method will extinguish this horrid fungus.
I 've taken Topamax (topiramate) for several years to help prevent migraines (side effect of fibromyalgia) and it seems more effective than anything else I 've ever used. I also like it because I don 't suffer any side effects from it.
Day 2 of using Belviq. Normally I Have to eat breakfast within one hour of waking, or I 'm nauseous and feel like there 's a big pit in my belly. My hubby and I run a lot of errands daily and often hit up several stores through the day, I would have to buy snacks at every store. I noticed yesterday while in each store that I didn 't even have the urge to get snacks, of course I looked at them VERY briefly, but never touched.  I noticed so far I don 't have an appetite until 5 or so hours after waking. I 'm already a huge water drinker. I take one about 9th and 2nd about 6pm. Haven 't weighed myself yet, starting weight was (is?) 229LBS (5 '4&quot;). When I do eat I get full much faster. Because I 'm diabetic 2, I force myself to eat.
I 've been taking this for about 2 wks now... And after 10 years of struggling with anxiety/panic attacks... I finally feel like I 'm getting back to my old self. I 've had minimal side effects. Currently taking 5mg and it seems to be working for me. Glad I finally found something that helps!!
I was put on gabapentin after two other meds were not working for my restless legs. All I can say is where has this med been my whole life. It really has helped me. I take 300mg at 5pm and 300 mg around 9pm and it helps with my restless legs. I also have suffered from severe back pain for several years which I suspect is a pinched nerve and since I have been on this med I have not had the debilitating pain I was having before starting this med. I do not know if this is from the med or not but I had read it helped other people 's back pain so I suspect it is the med that has helped.
I am just about to finish up my second pack of Lo-Loestrin fe, and I think my body is still figuring it out. It wash 't until the second month that I started to experience side effects. My first month my period lasted a little longer since you start the pill on day 1 of your period, but this month I haven 't had it at all. My breasts definitely got bigger, and since I am in the week of my period, they are sore and tender (but I 'll take it since they got bigger!). Also, I have some acne breakouts, but I always have and unfortunately birth control never seems to help and it gets a little worse around my period. Finally, the weight gain. I have gained about 5 lbs in the first two months, if that continues I 'll have to get a new pill.
I have been on 40mg Celexa for well over a year.  I was put on it after my depression didn 't respond to Prozac.  It made me tired for the first few weeks and whenever my doctor increased the dose, but that subsides.  It does not help much for anxiety for me, but greatly improves my depression.
Works quickly, back to normal in approximately 1 week.  Some spots returned after about 6 months and required a second treatment.  Coupon available from manufacturer.
I have chronic yeast infections. At first I used Monistat and my vag became so swollen I couldn 't close my legs without it hurting, I was like that for 3 days. I went to the doctor and he finally gave me diflucan and I 've used it 3 times in the past and it worked very quickly every time. But I have a yeast infection again and I took diflucan at about 6pm, and it 's now 1:32 am, I 'm awake crying because the itching has gotten worse and it 's almost like I 'm dripping discharge. This has never happened before. I 'm just hoping it 's a sign that the pill is clearing my vag of the infection...
I get several gout attacks a year. Less side effects but also not as fast acting as Colchicine was. Taking more Colcry over several days to obtain relief then when I was taking Colchicine.
Third pregnancy and zofran wasn 't cutting it for me. Midwife prescribed diclegis- felt insanely better the next morning nausea wise but was super fatigued. If you miss a dose it will rock your world. For the first few days it knocked me out all night and made me feel sleepy all morning.  Now I seem to be experiencing the insomnia/nightmares side effects and it 's not fun. I 'm hoping in a couple weeks I can wean off of it because I generally feel better a couple weeks into the second trimester. Definitely think the nausea aid is worth the side effects though- guess it all depends on how bad your nausea/vomiting is- and if this works for you!
I 've been on 2mg / day Klonopin for about 6 months now and I do feel that its not working as well as it was the first few months.  Now my anxiety stems from my thoughts on whether I 'm building a tolerance which I think is NOT GOOD.  Sad thing is this medicine has been the only one to actually let me go out into the world without the social anxiety I have without it.
Remicade is the only medicine I have taken in the last 6yrs that has given me relief.  I was scared to try it, but I have not had any side effects and the improvement is significant.  It kicks in quickly for me (within a day), but it also wears off before my insurance will let me get another dose.  Some relief is better than none, though, so no complaints from me.  I only hope that I don 't build up an immunity to it anytime soon.
When I initially started Lo Loestrin FE, I felt really weird/emotional. That lasted for about 3 months and I 've been completely fine ever since. My breast felt very tender in the beginning and my acne cleared up and my nails became very strong/healthy as well. I think my body got used to the pill because I do experience more breakouts now. I also experienced a little bit of spotting in the beginning but haven 't had a period for years. Overall, I 've been very happy with this pill.
After 1 month of losing my girlfriend and her mom in a horrible head on collision and balling my eyes out everyday feeling sooo lost i needed help!!     Doctor put me on Zoloft 50mg for the first week to up it to 100mg thereafter... im on day 4 &amp; feel much better already not thinking so much of my loss.    The only sides ive felt are slight headache &amp; slight nausea but now i have put down the box of kleenex from crying soooo much &amp; can relax better ...im going to continue to take it cuz the thinking of my loss constantly was nothing less than the worst time of my life .
I have been on lutera for 8 months now and so far my experience has been great! My obgyn switched me from safyral to this because it was over $100 a month. But my periods are only 5 days long with a medium to light flow. I bled extremely heavy before ever on the pill. I have had no weight gain, actually lost 2 pants sizes, no unusual mood swings, breasts went down a cup size but seem perkier, and no babies. The only thing I have noticed is a little bit of breast tenderness before my period and I only get slightly moody at PMS time. It has been a good pill for me so far. Every woman is different, but I highly recommend this pill.
I started at Remeron 15mg per day.  I started to feel somewhat better at two weeks.  Went to 30mg at that point.  At 30mg for one week or so, felt appreciably better.  I 've gained a few pounds (about 4) so that 's not too bad.  Did not help with sleep.  Plagued by insomnia for 3-4 days after starting and/or changing dose.  A bit of muddied thinking for a few days after changing dosage.  I have severe MDD.  I think Remeron will really help. Off to a good start.  I especially appreciate the lack of sexual side effects.
I take Ranitidine (150mg) twice a day, everyday. Taking it usually helps calm my stomach down but if I don 't take another pill soon, the pain will come back unless I eat a small meal.
I 'm on day 6 and I already feel the difference. Yes, I felt some of the chills, mild fever and dizziness.  I figured I continue to see how it went.  So far so good.  I was in pain for the past year and I was just diagnosed this month.  My pain is not completely gone, but I can honestly tell you that I feel about 80% better.  Which is better than I 've felt in a long time.  I pray that it continues.  My side effects are almost completely gone.
I had the Mirena put in when I was 30 and no one warned me about the pain, so I just sucked it up and dealt with it. I 've had mine in for 3yrs now with no problems. The first year I would say did suck with all of the random bleeding. Now I rarely cramp and the periods are very light so I can 't really complain. Some positions during sex can be uncomfortable so I just adjust.
I have been on various opioid pills for five years and fentanyl patches for two years. I was generally able to cope with the OIC symptoms from just the pills with 1500 mg of magnesium and an occasional Linzess, but when I started the fentanyl patches, I was fairly sure I was dying. The Linzess didn 't even touch this constiption.Movantik returned me to my pre-fentanyl condition of only mild constipation. For anyone with severe OIC, mild constipation is heavenly. I have had none of the reported stomach pain, withdrawal sympoms, etc. I take it at least an hour before or two hours after eating. I do still need to take an occasional Linzess. When I ran out for two days, the OIC came back immediately.
I was on this pill for about a year. It shortened my periods from seven days to four days. My breasts did not grow, however, I messed up the cycle and cysts formed in both of my breasts, making them tender. I gained ten pounds and then lost about seven. I was constantly hungry! It definitely helped my PMS, but I did experience many mood swings besides that. My skin cleared up a tad bit.
I tried several medicines before finding success with this one. My depression and mood swings are under control, and life is manageable. My friends and family tell me that I 'm much more enjoyable to be around now. I feel that this medicine saved my life. The only negative effect it has is that I 'm hungrier and have gained some weight. I 've just had to make adjustments in my diet to eat healthy, but this is a good thing for my overall health too. I feel so great on this medicine that the negative effect is worth it.
I just started this medication and I really enjoy using Ambien because it actually works. And quickly. But please, READ THE SIDE EFFECTS. If I don 't lay down right after taking it I 'll stay up and make phone calls and send texts that I don 't remember the next morning. So just relax after taking it. But other than that, it actually works!
Beginning dosage tends to be erratic in slowing the diarrhea but the pain is removed.
I just had the worse 3 days of pain in many months because Rite Aid gave me the Generic patch. It isn 't the same. The brand name has a delivery system with a reservoir of medicine on top of the patch. For me the brand name worked great.
I just started taking this after being almost debilitated by mirtazapine. I don 't know if for sure I have energy increase because of the Wellbutrin or because I quit taking mirtazapine. At any rate, I do feel better overall.
This is my 2nd time on treatment, this  time with Sovaldi added to Ribvirin and Interferon. I feel terrible today I had my 2nd week injection last night and I can 't remember feeling this bad last time. I 'm getting sharp pains near where my liver is and my back is really aching.I Don 't feel myself and I am up and down emotionally thinking about death and that and not been there to see my 2 year old daughter grow up. I 'm not suicidal though. I gotta hang in there! 11 weeks to go.
Have been taking Cipro for 5 days now for a severe bladder infection. Had completely taken my pain  away that was at a level 10 by day 2. However, the side effects have been horrible. Nausea even with food, light headed, motion sickness, bloating and I seem to be constipated. So far this is a small price to pay for the horrendous infection to be gone.
3 days ago I had a root canal treatment done. 24 hours later I felt like Mt. St. Helens was going to erupt in my jaw. They gave me Vicodin, no help. Antibiotics, no help. Stepped up to Dilaudid no help. Then Toradol it really took off the edge. With a Dilaudid the pain is very manageable for the first 4 hours of the 6 hour span till next dosage. The other two hours are still quite miserable. Many years ago I had a hysterectomy, they could not give me enough narcotics to control my pain, Demerol, morphine, fentanyl, then they gave me Toradol and it was an answer to prayers, with a narcotic added to it.
As Heidle said above, mood swings. However, my doctor gave me Celexa (20mg) to combat this and that has worked miracles. Supplementing Adderall XR with a (good) multi-vitamin, 3x daily value of Omega-3 (fish oils) and Magnesium Citrate (no other  'variants ', ONLY citrate, the others work AGAINST Adderall (XR) seems to be working extremely well for me.
This is the only antibiotic that does not give me serious side effects.It 's always been helpful in the past, and I 'm taking it now for bronchitis again.
Symptoms I had: coughing fits producing green mucus, rapid heartbeat, temperature, muscle tightness/pain, wheezing, headache, shallow breathing, tight chest. I was prescribed 10 days of 500mg/day. The symptoms began to fade after 5-6 days. Side effects occurred after 6 days: extreme insomnia laying in bed for 7 hours straight with no sleep and only sleeping for 2-4 hours. (dizziness and confusion,  but this may be from lack of sleep)
I was prescribed Viibryd for anxiety. After two weeks I feel calmer and less overwhelmed. No increase in sex drive like others have mentioned yet. Mixing with alcohol, even a small amount sounds dangerous and I do hope I can have a drink occasionally. Hoping it continues to help me.
Bactrim takes about a week before you see the changes. You must stay on the medicine or the acne will come back within two to three days of stopping.
I am into my 10th week. The first couple of weeks I had massive painful cramping for 2 days following injection. A little bit of diarrhea. Third week onward no issues. My glucose before ran from 180 to 250 now it is 112 to 156. I feel great. Have been able to increase my exercise due to increased energy. I have also lost my appetite and cant eat much. I have lost 3 pounds in the last 10 weeks. I take my dose every Friday in the evening.
I have noticed breast tenderness with this medicine, which is definitely a little weird.  I am not pregnant or nursing.   As long as I take the medicine exactly on time (every 6 hours) my vertigo is kept at bay.
I started 80mg Uloric about 4 weeks ago just to lower my Uric Acid level which was over 10.  I had no symptoms - within two weeks my uric acid level was around 5.5 which is great, however, I had a flare up and it has not gone away for the past two weeks.  I am on Indomethacin and Prednisone, it helps (but I was just told not to take them together) - but the Indomethacin is hard on the stomach. It is expensive but the makers of Uloric do have a coupon that helps with the cost.
Lyme Disease - I take 60 pills a day so this nasty tasting one isn 't a big deal.  Side effects include stuffy, runny nose, sore throat and I can 't taste any food or smell.  Will be on it a month or so - just going to tough it out and hope to get better.
This helped suppress my cough from a cold but gave me diarrhea. Diarrhea seems to happen with all similar medicines.
I 've been taking Topamax for about a year and a half now and it has drastically cut down the frequency of my migraines and that is so worth the side effects I 've noticed. Yes, I 've had the tingles and some facial twitches, I 've lost about 20 lbs. and have trouble with word retrieval &amp; memory... but is it worth it?  Absolutely!  I currently take 250 mg/day -- all at night to help minimize the noticeability of the side effects. A good option, IMO.
This is my first night on Gabapentin and I am laying in my bed with my laptop as comfortable as can be. I feel normal.  The past year has been brutal and my restless legs syndrome got exponentially worse which led to higher anxiety issues and depression. I went through a few doctors and tried numerous medicines including Tramadol (which worked well for a little while).  Apparently, this medicine starts working better as time goes by which is great for me.
Extreme stomach discomfort and nausea as well as severe headaches and vaginal itch
It helped to stop the nerve pain in my toes so I could sleep.
My 2 year old grandson was drop falling constantly every 2/3 min.  He already was taking toprimate and onfi.  We started koppra and the falling decrease with one dosage.  three days now and no falls, no shakes or jerks.
I have been on every antidepressant under the sun. I kind of started to lose really all hope in everything. SSRI or SNRI 's had really negative side effects (mostly sexual) or some would give me &quot;brain zaps&quot; or other issues. Wellbutrin didn 't really do much for me but force up my dosage of Klonopin I had to take. All around I would say this one is the best one I have tried so far. I have a very noticeable decrease in Anxiety. I have only been on it for a month, the depression is better but still there and I have random episodes of crying which I never had before(embarrassing as a 26 year old man). No sexual side effects, no known side effects so far minus the crying randomly. Will update later.
Works great most of the time.  The problem is the price is going up and up.  The other problem is the restriction on the amount that can be purchased at one time.  I take one everyday but I can only buy 15 at a time and only 30 in a month.  It 's hard to believe that the sale of the medicine has to be controlled.  On the last day of the month I have to wait until the next day to buy the med - so stupid.  Especially when traveling and I can 't purchase some in advance.  It should be prescription again so I can receive 30 at one time.
Effexor XR is the only drug I have found that worked for my depression (I have tried about 10 different drugs), but I gained weight. I got off it about 3 years ago because of the weight but haven 't found anything that worked as well. 
I 've been on Welbutrin (my first antidepression/anxiey med) 150mg once a day for about 7 weeks. Its good for those who emotionally eat. I 've already lost 15 lbs because I don 't have that feeling of hopelessness &amp; it gives me no appetite. I have to force myself to eat for nutritional reasons. On the downside my insomnia is out of control &amp; affecting many parts of my life. I also have experienced several itching fits after about a month &amp; needed Benadryl to get some relief. Otherwise I would gave it a 10.
Not effective as oxycodone
I 've been on birth control pills for 10 years; Yasmin, Yaz, whatever came next, then Zarah. My acne decreased with the exception of the placebo pill week. My cramping was never as bad and I never got pregnant which is the main point! Now, I 've been off the pill for 4 months trying to conceive. I haven 't had a single mouth ulcer. I NEVER went more than 2 weeks without one. I knew if I bit my lip I 'd have one within a few hours. If it was the week of my menstration, I 'd have at least one. Usually I had at least 2 at any given time. Also, almost every time I 'd go to the dentist, I 'd have a new cavity. I 've looked it up and I believe that the hormones from the pill increased my mouth difficulties.
Is the best muscle relaxer I 've used so far, I have fibromyalgia and I take it with Vicodin and get enough relief to get by...I still have to have steroid injections and go to a Chiropractor and have trigger point injections.  Fibromyalgia drugs don 't work at all for me which is a bummer!
I started taking 150 mg of bupropion (the generic Wellbutrin) and after a couple weeks doubled it to 300 mg after my doctor told me to. Exactly one week later I broke out into the biggest, puffiest, itchiest hives all over my body. My joints also became swollen, stiff, and painful. My throat was also sore and tight. I ended up in the ER. WHAT 'S REALLY SAD IS THAT IT WAS WORKING WONDERS FOR ME! I studied half as much and it was twice as effective, my test grades were great!I 'm now trying to decide between Effexor or Straterra.
My 16 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD at age 4. We went through several meds at first and Concerta worked the best for him. He took the drug for 10 years increasing dosage when needed. Things seemed to be fine or at least better on the med than off. This last year he became impossible to live with. Argumentative (more than normal), irritable at home, mouthy and his grades were tanking! I initially chalked it up to regular teenagerhood! Then I had an inkling that maybe he needed to switch meds. He started taking Strattera on Monday and 4 days later is a different kid. PLEASANT is the first word that comes to mind. WOW, no arguments! No mouthiness! He left just now I said, have fun, I love you! He replied Love you too! Wha??? HAPPY MOM!!!
The medicine works but comes with a price of bad side effects. Severe nausea and my gums ached really bad for some reason. The nausea I only had when I would take in the morning on an empty stomach and lasted for about an hour or two after that I would be fine. At night before bed no problems. Took about 3 days before I started feeling better.
I have been on this med for almost a year. Prior to this, all other meds either didn 't work for me or I had unbearable side effects. The only bearable maintenance was Levemir 100 units daily. I gained about 30 lbs! Doc put me on Invokana, I have lost 25 lbs, I have lowered the insulin to 35 units a day. A1C is 6.3. Had been a yeast infection nightmare though! Doc knocked out the yeast infections with Fluconazole and I take 1 Fluconazole a week now and am keeping the YI nightmare away! This has been the only drug that has truly helped!
I also used OTC drops for years. After they were no longer effective I was given these for daily use. Living in the Deep South, you just about have to have a bottle of eye drops during spring and summer.
I 've been on Prozac on and off throughout my life. I 've been on it now for 6 consecutive months and I must say that anxiety is a thing of the past. I don 't want to kill myself all the time either. I also am less impulsive (I smoke a lot though). I do tend to have trouble feeling emotions sometimes. This medicine is very powerful yet it seems subtle or unnoticeable while I 'm on it, but the periods that I go off it, I can easily see its dampening effect on the mind because things become really clear - perhaps too clear. 
I also have been living with social anxiety for 7 years. After drinking alcohol to cover my anxiety and depression, my symptoms just got worse. I finally looked into lorazepam but I got a dose of 2 mg and it just knocked me out. Then I got Xanax 0.25mg and that made my face numb and I didn 't like to smile, mainly my face felt weird and I was always to tired. Then finally I got 20mg Paxil and it helped right away. I felt like I could do and talk to anyone at anytime. Then I got used to it and jumped to the 30 mg which is doing alright. But the worst part of using this is constipation. I never had constipation before and it hurts so bad. I hope this helps.
Effective osteoarthritis pain management. However, I 'm retaining water. 
23, no kids, 1  year. I am one of the lucky statistics that for some unknown reason, expels IUDs. (Twice now with the Paragard) but I did want to share despite that, my positive experience in general. Being young I knew this would be a convenient means of longterm birth control   the no hormone aspect really enticed me. Have had bad experiences with Nexplanon and pills. Insertion: wasn 't horrible for me, felt like a weird really invasive pap that clamped down inside you for 5 seconds. 2 days of cramping and heavy bleeding after. Positives: convenience, no weight gain, acne, hair loss or anything like that. Negatives: heavier period bleeding, possibly painful sex. My cervix was super sensitive and sex was less pleasurable than before.
I am not really sure if this medicine is working as well as it could. I feel better since I started taking it but I still have serious manic days around my period. So much so that I am not allowed to work during those few days. I also wake up with shaky hands and my teeth chatter until the medicines kick in. When my dosage was higher  (I take 600mg twice a day) I would have a half hour of being seriously high and I was unable to walk around. It would feel as if I had a really strong eyeglass prescription. 
Being un-diagnosed bi-polar for almost 40 years having many manic breaks until one was so big I wound up hospitalized.  I was put on Topamax, Prozac and Lunesta. With a Bi-Polar type II diagnosis I had to change my lifestyle.  Already in recovery I approached mental health in the same way.Topamax soon wasn 't enough so my doc tried Latuda and it didn 't work. Depakote is working great I am finally myself! Yes it makes me hungry I just keep my calorie count the same. The med doesn 't cause weight gain -  my decisions do. With how well it works I 'd take some curves and feel this awesome any day!!
I was prescribed the 10mg IR Ritalin, to be taken three times a day a few weeks ago. To say the least, I have developed a tolerance to the drug. It has a bad comedown 2-3 hours after I take the drug. But it has done wonders for my depression and ADHD symptoms. The only downside I found is that it makes me feel like a zombie, too focused, much nervous and has a nasty after-effects. But so far it has been a revolutionary step in my life. I will try switching to the LA version though.
I would have rated Cymbalta a 10 if not for lowered libido &amp; difficulty going off of it (not uncommon for most all AD 's). I took for 6 years after an episode of anxiety &amp; depression. I would still be taking it but it effect was dropping off after about 6 years so I switched meds (wish I hadn 't have messed with switching but that 's another story). The only side effect I noticed consistently over 6 years was decreased libido. I 'm sure there were initial start up effects but I was such a nervous wreck that I either didn 't notice or don 't remember. It was a great med for me &amp; I wish it still worked.
I started 80mg Uloric about 4 weeks ago just to lower my Uric Acid level which was over 10.  I had no symptoms - within two weeks my uric acid level was around 5.5 which is great, however, I had a flare up and it has not gone away for the past two weeks.  I am on Indomethacin and Prednisone, it helps (but I was just told not to take them together) - but the Indomethacin is hard on the stomach. It is expensive but the makers of Uloric do have a coupon that helps with the cost.
My doctor gave me the 14 day sample pack of Toviaz (4mg).  By the second day, I could tell it was working. (Less trips to the bathroom). The third and fourth day I experienced some blurred vision, lasting for 30 to 60 minutes at a time.  Since then I have not had blurred vision.  I have been taking Toviaz for a month now and I am very happy that I don 't have to look for a washroom everywhere I go.  When I go out for walks I can stay out for over an hour without having to worry if I 'll make it home in time!  My only question at this time is could Toviaz be making me tired and if so, will the tiredness go away?  Since I started taking it, I have been lacking energy.  Otherwise, I like how the medicine works for me.
It 's hard for me to fall asleep almost every night. And I 'm also a very light sleeper.  I don 't take it every night (10mg), just when I 'm having issues with trying to fall asleep/stay asleep. One of the first times taking it about a year ago, I was visiting my mom. I took the pill and laid down. About 15min later I started sweating and felt really weird!  I started hallucinating like crazy!! I was seeing a cat on the bed and then I started seeing people in the room. I then started to freak out and got really scared. I got up to use the bathroom and then fell into the wall. She helped me back to bed. The whole experience was SO scary!! I now take 5mg and it works fine w/ no issues. I think the dose was too much.
I started the pills on 8-29-11 and it is only 9-1-11. I weighed 207 lbs at 5 '7&quot; and now I am down to 200 lbs in 3 days. But I can take my last pill at 4pm and I wont go to sleep till 5am and only sleep about 3 hours a night. It feels like my body is still going going going. But I don 't want to stop taking the pills because I feel so much better knowing I am losing weight. I want to get down to 155-165lbs!
After an incident which involved a family member who was recently diagnosed with schizophrenia, I was diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder . Throughout my life (25 yrs), I 've felt slight symptoms of anxiety that became perpetuated by post traumatic stress disorder. I experienced feelings of intense fear over nothing, obsessive intrusive thought I could not control, and so on. My doctor put me on 150 mg of Luvox. I did not want to take it because I had never taken medication. At first I became more depressed and had horrible obsessive thoughts of someone attacking me. I told my doctor this and she assured me that it is normal and told me to stick with the medication. I stuck with it and now I feel better than before. Only side effects are sexual and some trouble sleeping.
Prescribed a half 50 mg tab at bedtime for a week.  It 's been two days and I have no more headaches! Finally!  I have a strange side effect of pain in my private area though.  Does anyone else have this issue?  It 's just annoying.  I hope it doesn 't get any worse.  I 've been looking for a migraine med that actually helps without too many side effects.
I was prescribed to take Bromazepam, and the only thing i can say about it is that it made my head really confused. I felt drowsiness and sometimes even nausea. It affected my concentration and memory capabilities, which was really bad since i am a student. Valium, however, made me lessen my anxiety so much. The only &quot;side effect&quot; is that it makes you sleepy and it does kinda affect your memory abilities throughout the day. I use 5mg of Valium whenever i need it.
I just had my Skyla IUD inserted 4 days ago. On the day of the procedure I had my period and took 800 mg of Ibuprofen 40 mins before. I have to say it did not help one bit. It was the most terrible and awkward 5 mins of my life. It felt as if someone was stabbing me from the inside. Luckily I did not shed one tear and drove home from the facility with the most horrible crucial cramps I 've yet felt. Since Ibuprofen did not work for me I had to get something a bit stronger and took 2 Midol 500 mg pills which did the job and a heating pad. My cramps and period were gone by the next day. As of now I feel bloated, tired and somewhat moody. I 'm sticking it out for at least 3 to 6 months to see how my body adjust to it.
I 've been on Zoloft (Sertraline) in the past and now Lexapro. I find them equally effective and no real difference in side effects. Insomnia, dry mouth and yawning/jaw clenching for the first couple of weeks which is unpleasant but transient. My anxiety levels started to improve after a couple of weeks but didn 't notice any major improvements in mood for 6-8 weeks and took 3 months to reach full effect. Definitely has helped me and I intend to stay on it long term. I have also tried valdoxan (agomelatine) in the past which did absolutely nothing for me and I went backwards while on it. SSRIs seem to work better for me.
I used this on and off for several years, never over 150 mg/day. I liked the energy it provided, the suppression of appetite, the low cost (without insurance) and the increased sex drive (as opposed to Prozac/Zoloft which prevented me from reaching orgasm). The downside for me was increased sweating and anxiety. The anxiety was the worst. I now use Ritalin and prefer it.
I took this pill for 2.5 years and it was pretty good. When I first started the only negative side effect I had was nausea 24/7 for about 6 months but it eventually went away. I had to switch to a higher dosage because my PMS symptoms like hormonal breakouts before periods came back after about two years on the pill. However, I have regular sex and I never got pregnant! So it does its job
Changed from atenolol 50mg to metropolol er succinate 25 mg not by choice.  Transition very smooth.  Was taking atenolol for SVTs.  I added magnesium to my daily dose after some research on SVTs.  Stomach bloating from atenolol reduced and my sleep improved. I 'm a mid distance runner with HR in the upper 50s.  Feeling very good.
I 've just received my nexplanon on August 23 2017. I can tell you already that I 've started to see and feel the side effects two days in. The first side effect was the constant cramping. Then came the arm becoming extremely heavy and limp. Oh gosh did I even mention the constant chronic fatigue? Yes I 'm getting acne, mood swings, appetite changes, libido changes...sore throat and flu like symptoms. I researched the heck out of this implant and knew what I was getting myself into. I 'm still willing to push forward, even with all the side effects bc it was pretty self explanatory when I looked it up. The best part was how easy and painless my insertion process was....10 min tops.
I 've been a binge drinker on and off for about 4 years. This last binge lasted about 5 days around the clock. Going through withdrawal begins almost immediately for me if I don 't drink every hour or so. I get extreme anxiety, heart racing, minor shakes and can 't just settle down. My doctor gave me a Librium taper starting on 50mg every 6 hours day one and going down from there. I My experience with the first dose is that it did not do anything for me. I was still just as miserable. Once I took the second dose I was able to fall asleep. Today I 'm pretty anxious but it does that the edge of. It 's not a magic bullet that cures all withdrawal symptoms. Good luck!
The first two weeks were great. I  was shocked that I slept through the night all week. I woke refreshed, not sleepy at all and just so happy.  I even checked there were no antidepressant mixed in the formula. All day, I felt fantastic.Third week is different.  I am tired during the day and the evenings, I am so tired I can barely make it to 7pm without feeling like I am going to fall asleep standing up. I have a mild headache most days, like my head feels heavy and my nose is stuffy everyday, but isn 't turning into a cold.  I had some strange thoughts after taking the half pill 5mg no hallucinations or sleep was at all.  I am calling the doctor to check if this is working for me. It really was something great
Twisted my back and taking this medication for back spasm.. Works well in my opinion
I have been on Synthroid and the generic for eleven years. If you ever suffered from the effects of thyroid disease you probably know the depression and fatigue that I felt 11 years ago. I only noticed two side effects. One was an interaction with birth control, the other was my hair wouldn 't perm well anymore (small price to pay).
I started taking Topiramate several years ago for pain/neuropathy, as I read these posts I found out it could also be helping my obesity, fibromyalgia, Crohns and my smoking. I stopped taking it about two months ago because I was having kidney stone problems and thinking this medicine could be the reason why. In the two months I have gained 25lbs, I 'm in so much pain I can 't wrap my head around it, and my smoking is got in out of control. I had no idea this medicine could or was helping all my other issues so I 'm going back on it to see if I loose the weigh, control my pain, stop smoking, Although kidney stones can be the most excruciating pain ever! I 'd rather have that pain once a year than suffer every day in my other pain.
I started taking saxenda  4 weeks ago. I lost 6 pounds. Next week I start the full dose. At first it made me nauseous. I could barely eat. That was the first week . The second and third week as well. As the week goes on I feel better and have even had an appetite towards end of week. Day after my 4th week and higher dosage I experienced heartburn. Monday I start the highest dosage and hope I lose more weight. It really makes me feel full. My portions are much smaller. I can only finish about 1/3  of my meals. I have been eating healthier as well. 
I get the shot once in a while in conjunction with a steroid shot in my hips for possible sciatic/back pain. The burning and increased pain afterwards is well worth having a day or two of some kind of relief. Doesn 't help me all the way and takes a while to fully work for me, but I 'll take that over my daily pain any day.
I 've had Implanon for about 9 months now. The insertion was pretty painful because the numbing medicine wasn 't working and I got a nasty bruise. After I had it put in I haven 't had a period and it 's actually calmed my mood swings. The only negative is my skin is breaking out as if I 'm a teenager going through puberty again.
The capsules seem to work better than tablets and less side effects with capsules.
I am 20 years old and have been taking this birth control for about 2 years now. In the beginning it helped my skin look very good, and I suffered from acne before getting on the pill. I did not gain any weight, maybe helped my breasts grow a little bit (half a cup size) but not too much. I have not had a period in about 5 or 6 months. I have not gotten pregnant. The doctor said it was normal for this pill because it stops the body from producing an egg and over time stops producing a lining in the uterus, therefore, with no lining or blood to shed, you do not have a period anymore. The doctor also said that it is safe and as soon as I get off the birth control I should get my period back, so hopefully there wont be any problems later.
I was on this for 1 week and it helped within that time, though I was switched off it due to my side effects which included a loss of 13 lbs in 6 days, awful headaches, and insomnia. If you don 't get those side effects, it is well worth persisting on.
This medication worked great for me to get rid of my headache. When I take it before I feel a bad migraine coming on, it alleviates it before it gets bad. My only complaint about this medication is I get really bad heart burn and I really do not sleep that well while I am on it. I guess you can%u2019t have everything.
I was prescribed 400mg/day of lyrica for severe peripheral neuropathy of my feet.  Prior to Lyrica I was taking 60mg/day of methadone with significant relief but with plenty of room for improvement.  With the addition of Lyrica to my Methadone regimen, my relief now stands at approx. 80% analgesia which is a God send considering the severity of my pain.  As a welcome side benefit, significant anxiety, hot flushes and insomnia were relieved as well.  For me, Lyrica has been something of a miracle drug.
Currently 7th day of the pill.  I am having a hard time sleeping and depressed.  There is this throbbing pressure between my stomach and chest (like a hungry feeling all the time).  My back and neck muscle is aching.
I had protected intercourse a day before my scheduled period and the condom broke. I freaked out and it was the 1st time it have ever happened to me. So within a hour I took Plan B One Step and later on that day I experienced nausea, tiredness, a little diarrhea and tender breasts. So within 5 days (my period came on 5 days late). I had bleeding and cramping, the bleeding lasted for 6 days (I 'm guessing the 6 day bleeding will be considered a period). It have been a month since the mishap, now I 'm waiting for my scheduled period for this month(December). It says it will cause menstrual changes, so now I just have to wait.
I have emtophobia, that is, a pervasive fear of vomiting. I do not know if this affects vomiting, but if I feel nauseous, Benadryl works wonders. My stomach settles right down and my anxiety lowers just enough for me to deal with it without the use of benzodiazepines.
I started Zoloft before my 3rd child was born. I 've had depression throughout my life and a major breakdown after my 1st child 's birth. Noticed an improvement within days, and husband noticed huge diff. Dry mouth and increased appetite has cycled through the years on occasion. But the big side effect for me was insomnia. I thought it was my little one getting me up every 2 hours, but realized that taking the medicine at night was the cause. Switching to morning dose made such a difference. I do notice I don 't sleep well if I take it after noon or 1pm. Some family members had tried it with no success. Give dosage and timing a chance. It has literally saved my life. I still feel emotional at times, but can cope with issues and heaviness in life has eased.
totally took the craving for alcohol away.  kept sober for two years - started playing with it after that and stopped taking it - only to start drinking again.  good to take when you are getting some support as well.
I am a 20 year old man, going to university and had or still have troubles concentrating with my ADHD, mostly staying on one subject. Started taking Dexedrine, first it made me restless and gave lots of anxiety. Could not hold up a normal conversation or sit still, it made me feel uncomfortable. Then tried Concerta it was effective somewhat but did not help as much as I had hoped, could not notice much of a effect. Ritalin gives me the concentration when I need it most. 
I have had Implanon since June 10th 2012. I haven 't had my period once, not sure if that 's a good thing. I haven 't spotted, but I 'm not complaining. I have not got any acne. I have however gained almost 100 pounds. And I haven 't really been able to lose weight while on the implant. And just recently my sex drive has almost nearly disappeared.
I 've been on Belviq for 5 days.  I 'm taking it for thyroid related weight gain. I 'm 39, 5 '2&quot;, and 30 lbs overweight - diet and exercise have not worked. The first few days were rough.  Severe dizziness, headaches, etc. In general, I could barely function, mostly because of the dizziness.  Now at day 5, I 'm feeling much better, no headaches, dizziness is greatly improved, etc.  I have lost 1lb. in 5 days - this is impressive, as I was gaining 2 lbs weekly before Belviq.  I don 't have enough time on Belviq to give a real review, just wanted to say hang in there, the side effects will subside after a few days.  Mine were bad, I wanted to stop taking it, luckily I stuck it out.  I 'm very excited about what Belviq can help me accomplish!
I have been self injecting for 3 years and have had no side effects other then what is to be expected. I find it very helpful in relieving extreme isolated pain with predictable results
I 've been on Lyrica almost 3 yrs. It did give me relief from the aches of my Fibromyalgia and I haven 't felt like I was in a fog since taking it.It didn 't help with my lower back pain which started to really annoy me 8/08. Doctor put me on Vicodin 10/325 that helped (but started Pristiq about 3 weeks ago which helped this pain. I also still feel the depression (mainly lack of motivation and concentration problems (not ADD).I went off the Lyrica for awhile but have since gone back on it. I feel it helps me while I 'm on it to stay on it as regular as possible.No weight gain.
I 'm taking 15mg for ~2 months the problem is that 15mg is not enough for depression and when I take 30MG I will have a lot of anxiety .So it is not bad in low dosage be aware of increased anxiety when you take it in 30MG or more.  I 'm thinking to take it in low dosage 15MG with another drugI will check with my PD.
I 've had the implant in for 2 years today - and I 'm hoping to have it taken out tonight, I 've not really had any major problems with the implant, I only have a period for about a week every 3 months so I 'm fine with that, however I have put weight on and can 't get it off at all, I go to the gym and eat healthy and I only end up putting more weight on! Also, ever since having the implant I 've had thrush (yeast infection) about 3 times, and the doctors say it can 't be because of the implant however I 'm certain it is. I 'm always constantly moody and I never even want sex so I 'm hoping to have it out just so I can be myself again. I wouldn 't have one put in again just because it 's so long to put up with but if you 're happy being moody for 3 years then go for it.
I 've been on Lamictal for almost 15 years and have had almost no side effects. Of all the drugs I 've been on (trust me, I 've been on a lot) this one has definitely worked the best. 
I agree with the person who stated there must be a quality control issue as sometimes it feels as if I never took the medicine at all.  Next script I am going to check the capsules just so I can be sure.  Hydration may be an issue as well.
I am so glad I found this post.  I was reading all the comments as I was sipping this crap down.  It is absolutely horrible and disgusting.  The worst thing I EVER put into my mouth.  I poured the solution into a 32oz plastic drink container I had in the house and put ice in it and emptied bottled water that was really cold.   As I was drinking (sipping) it, I kept adding more bottled water to continue diluting it.  All in all, I poured 5 bottled watered into the cup and drank it all down.  Now I am waiting, so far, it is about 30 minutes and I feel some discomfort, but not bad.
Works good for me.
I started these pills 7 months ago, the first 3 months were awful, l got strong migranes and a lot of nausea. When I started the 4th pack I tried eating a small meal before taking the pill and noticed the effects were a lot less then they were when I took the pill with an empty stomach. Now I get no side effects and my periods are very regular. And no they don 't make you gain weight as long as you 're eating healthy and balanced meals 
I found this medication clouds my negative thoughts, the bad thoughts are there but very foggy, definitely helped me.
I was prescribed Topamax as a Migraine preventative and experienced just about every side effect. I started 25mg/day at night for 7 days, moved up to 75mg after 3 weeks and remained there. Within 48 hours I was didn 't have a headache at all, but was experiencing side effects of tingling fingers, no appetite and change in taste of foods/carbonated beverages. I did have a  hard time concentrating, I 'd get confused and would randomly slur words. I weighted 120-ish when I started and within a few months, was 110 or less. I did work out and noticed no matter how hard I pushed, I didn 't sweat and randomly got dizzy. Side effects are no joke, but you adjust after  a few weeks.
I have been diagnosed with ADHD (due to chronic, extreme lack of concentration), depression and anxiety. About 2 years ago, I began taking, by prescription, Effexor XR 75mg/day. My doctor at the time did not know much about SSRI 's. The Effexer was working great but, she decided to send me to a counselor who cannot write prescriptions. My &quot;doctor&quot; stopped my Effexor, cold turkey, for no apparent reason, knowing counselor 's cannot give it to me. I immediately began having extreme withdrawal symptoms. My every move caused me to hear and feel electrostatic &quot;ticks&quot;. My head, ears, and jaw felt it was going to explode from pressure, and I was weak and uncoordinated. I honestly thought I was dying for over 2 weeks. I 'm now taking Lexapro, Adderal, and Valium.
I have a lot of different pains due to fibromyalgia and nerve damage and sciatica and a stroke and spinal cord disease I take 1 20 milligram at night only because it does make you very tired and only time I really noticed it working is when I don 't take it then my pain is much worse.
I was first on the Depo shot in august, and my obgyn said my period may not come at all. My period started 3 days after it was expected to hit; I bled for 9 days and 4 hours into the the 10th day when I contacted my gyno for help she put me on sprintec, my period stopped but only for 12 days then it started again, it got so bad i landed in the hospital with 4 points from a transfusion. This month I was 10 days late and for the last 3 days I have been extremely light on bleeding more like spotting and its not normal red blood its brown. This has me a little worried but I will continue these pills to see if it gets any better.
I take this for Periodic Limb Movement Disorder. It works but I have a hard time waking up in the morning. I tried to take it earlier in the evening and it still was hard to wake up. I don 't feel like I got a good night sleep because I am groggy most of the day. I will talk to my doctor about different options. If it wasn 't for this side effect, it works great for PLMD.
This is my 3rd week on this birth control, I have had bad mood swings.. it makes me very very tired and after a few days of being on it I lost my feeling of hunger.. I was 160 now I 'm 145 in just 3 weeks..
My doctor put me on Celexa when I started having tension headaches from severe stress.  The headaches were gone after a week of taking the medication.  A week later, I started tripping over my own feet &amp; my pharmacist told me the medication was to blame.  My stress was absolutely more manageable, though!
Xyrem got rid of my pain significantly as well as the feeling of being drained.  I felt as if I no longer had fibro.  The side effects were difficult.  Still trying to work with those.
I have recently had to stop using the Fentanyl patches, after several years of good results. But my body finally said it had had enough. So, I tried Kadian, which stopped working after a week or so. Now I am on Opana ER, which seems to do a fair job, but it feels too much like Demerol. I take 20mg twice a day, and was using 80mg twice of Kadian, 100mg of Fentanyl every 48 yours. I wish they would make Fentanyl in a pill form. I have no &quot;woosy&quot; feeling with it. I have 5 ruptured discs in my lower back, as well as stenosis, etc. I have tried surgeries, stimulator, etc. 
I have taken Diltiazem for the past week for blood pressure and angina issues (pain in my chest). I has worked wonders; however, it does make you rather dizzy at times. I take this with Plavix as my cardiologist recommended.
Nitrofurantoin caused extreme nausea.
did its job preventing pregnancy, however side effects were not worth it. Crazy anxiety a few days before period, weight gain (15 pounds in 3 months), constantly bloated. had to adjust frequently. i will be going back to a pill.
5 days now.  Free 2 week trial - why not!  The 1st 2 days horrible.  My sleep is deeper, however, it is harder to wake up.  I have noticed a cough, not bad, just annoying.  I don 't feel like my appetite is suppressed - I still eat 3 meals a day and sometimes a snack - however, I 'm utilizing the &quot;lose it&quot; app - low cal diet (approx. 1200/day) and doesn 't seem to hard.  I have STILL lost 2.6 lbs in 5 days.  Usually, with a low cal diet, you usually lose approx. 2lbs/week.  I noticed I was voiding a lot - so wondering if it was water weight that was lost - however, I am drinking more fluids including water.  I will continue to update! Have 50 lbs to lose.  Will incorporate exercise next week!
So far, Abilify seems to be the one drug that has worked for me. My mood is much more stable and I have actually been feeling good for the first time in a long time. One good side effect is that it has caused me to lose weight. I really don 't have much of an appetite anymore. At the beginning I had quite a bit of nausea but that has passed. A negative side effect I have been experiencing is sleepiness. It is almost to the point where I can 't function during the day because I am so tired. My doctor recently cut my dose in half so I am hoping that does the trick.
I just recently had my 2nd Implanon inserted. I got the first one done in October 2007 and had it taken out November 2010 and a replacement put right back in. Since I have had it in my arm, it is still sore a week later and sometimes feels like it is poking me...sharply. I am hoping this goes away soon. With the first one I didn 't have a period for first 2 years and then had maybe 4 a year after. I didn 't have really any side effects. Although sometimes I can be irritable a little more easily. It has kept me from getting pregnant for sure. I have 3 kids all conceived on birth control so this is the first to have worked. 
I needed to take this due to another medication I was taking. Never needed to be on anything else. Very happy with results
Mobic worked for me but it gave me dry mouth and it was hard on my stomach.
I 've had problems with depression off and on for most of my life. The first really severe depression happened when I was 24, and that was also the first time I was prescribed Effexor. I had been off it for several years, until just a few years ago when I had another relapse of major depression, mostly due to things in my life. I have to say that Effexor literally saved my life. There is no such thing as a &quot;happy pill,&quot; and Effexor won 't magically cure you overnight. BUT it takes the edge off the depression so you don 't feel quite so hopeless, and you are able to function again and can go to counselling. It just kind of eases the symptoms of the depression. I had NO side effects from it, other than a very slight drowsiness in the beginning.
Straterra is changing my life. I held out for 4 months with the side effects and now the improvements are extremely significant. My memory is better and I can get myself easier into a concentration mode. Although it does not fight all symptoms, it enables you to start taking action against it, if that makes sense.
I started taking Jolivette 6 months ago after I had my daughter since I was breastfeeding.  After 1 month and a half I was late taking a pill one day and the next day I started my period that last 5 days. Then the next month no period.  Than the next month I was spotting.  Each month as been different and unpredictable. I haven 't had any side affects, besides the fact its a lot harder for me to lose weigh than with my first born. I don 't know if the birth control is the cause but I 'm guessing it is. The only negative thing about the pill is irregular periods and weigh gain.
On day 8 of 10. Avelox has made me extremely tired, fatigued, dizzy and feel strange all day. Occasionally nauseous. I really don 't like taking pills, especially these with all of possible scary side effects. I must say that my mucus is gone and hopefully stays. So, I guess you can say this works.
A very good medicine. Results in two days.
I 've had chronic lower back pain for over two years (herniated disk). I can 't say for sure what has relieved my pain, but ever since taking diclofenac my pain almost immediately has gone from being almost completely debilitated,  to being able to function physically at the level I was at when pain started. Still have pain and not 100%, but my quality of life is back and I feel much more fluid and agile.  For almost six months I could hardly get out of bed, let alone tie my shoes.
worked like a charm for pain and anxiety for migraines you have to start slow and get used to it after that its better than mothers milk and a safe alternative to oxys opama ext   old school drug when people were responsible and didn 't need so much control,,,,,do they still make it in the old form ,,,don 't drive tho remember
I 've been on trinessa for about a year and just got off it. While being on trinessa I noticed more a lot of mood swings and changes in my libido, all which started when I started on the pill. My period became a lot lighter and a lot shorter- usually only 2 days. I didn 't gain weight or have issues with acne. Certain times of the month my breasts also seemed larger and tender. (Not 100% sure if it was just from it being a certain time of the month or the pill though)The only things I didn 't like with this medicine is the mood swings, but again, I knew what to expect and when to expect it and when it was happening. That and remember to take them at the same time everyday.
A stronger dose was better for me but then I got side effects that would not subside.
I am sixteen, I have had Attention problems since I was little and I was put into special education classes because of it. I didn 't go to the doctor for a diagnosis until a couple of months ago. When I went to the doctor she said I had all the symptoms so she gave me the option of medication. I said I would try it so she prescribed me 20 mg of Methylphenidate,  it lasts me about 6 hours. It really helped on my ACT, I tried to take the ACT without using it and I didn 't do well at all. I took the ACT with the medication and I did so much better. I also like it because it makes me a nicer person. I am literally kind to everyone. The only bad thing is that when it wears off I am really tired, probably because I am focused for so long.
I have used many different types of inhalers for asthma control.  Symbicort seems to work well, but may cause significant personality modification (nervous, angry at small things, anxiety over small things) and muscle/bone aching that is significant, especially if any work is done , even small things.
Ocella used to be the only generic available in the Yaz/ Yasmin family... not any more!  I went to refill my prescription and was shocked when the pharmacist told me it was going to cost $100, WITH insurance (it used to be $30 for three months). I 've been on it about 7 months now, and I really like it-- I know other people have reported getting side effects but past the initial month of non-stop bleeding and cramps (probably more because I wasn 't used to taking birth control and would forget until several hours after I was supposed to, than problems with the drug itself), I haven 't had any problems.  It hasn 't exactly made my acne disappear, but it 's better and my awful PMS depression has basically disappeared!  And no babies, either.
Started taking this after 3 weeks of coughing so intense that I would gag and gasp and have to run to the restroom to pee.  Horrible.  This was the only thing that lessened the coughing, but my doctor insisted I take it with a decongestant.  I still cough, but it has been fewer and less intense.
Neurontin helped a lot with my severe restless leg syndrome &amp; some with my chronic back pain. However, the 2 times it was tried on me over the years I had the bad side effect of doing things in my sleep I was unaware of! I once microwaved a remote &amp; the house was filled with smoke! Also, would find bathroom towels in a kitchen cupboard, boxed food in the fridge, ect. So, even though it was helpful-had to quit using due to those side effects!
In early elementary school I was diagnosed with ADHD. It 's not common for females to have it. I started on ritalin. It helped, but I stopped taking it in high school because I was worried about the stigma. In University I took it off and on. After graduating, I took it only during major changes because it helped me cope, but I never wanted to rely on it. Now I 'm trying to get my career going in the field I want to be in and I 'm stressed out of my mind. I have anxiety and my family doc is concerned I 'm going through depression. I 'm back on Concerta and have been for a few days. It is the 18mg dosage, but while I feel a bit more focused, sadly I feel more focused on my emotions. Hopefully when I move up to 27mg I will be less forgetful and anxious.
Had a pain in left knee develop rather quickly. I am 70 and Dr. said was most likely arthritis. Prescribed Naproxyn and it worked very well for that knee. I have a bad right knee also that has been bad for 30 years and is getting worse. I hoped it would too get some relief but it has not. Curious about that. No noticeable side effects.
I 'm pleased it has been working. I 'm sleeping more soundly, and feel much better.
I have a difficult job where I cut meat 10 hrs a day. My hands hurt and I can 't sleep at night. I have found amazing relief at work and at night when I sleep. I don 't notice any side effects. I get little relief from NSAIDs and opiates but I can definitely tell the difference if I take it.this med where theopiates only mask the pain
Not prescribed enough
Did notice a difference as calming down better.
Hi,Almost two years ago, I started on a dose of 0.5mg of Klonopin twice a day (or as needed) along with 20 mg of Celexa (citalopram).  I would say Klonopin is an effective drug and useful for treating anxiety and panic attacks.   However, my advice would be to make sure that you are working with your doctor if deciding to cut down on/taper off of Klonopin.  I weaned my dose off without talking to my doc a few times.  Mostly OK (days of some side effects notwithstanding), however, once it was pretty bad.  I recall feeling -- edgy -- all day at work, and then later that night feeling horrible.  I didn 't want to eat, I cried, and I kept having anxious thoughts.  I would not recommend leaving Klonopin cold turkey unless you really feel ready.
I have psoriatic arthritis with lots of foot pain. I wanted an alternative to the drugs and anti-inflammatories normally prescribed and my doctor suggested this. After reading reviews I expected this to take away the pain immediately. It didn 't, but knowing that everyone is different I kept trying and I 'm glad I did. Now on day three my foot pain is much better, allowing me to walk. I have had no skin reaction. The smell of the ammonia carrier can be a bit overwhelming but it dissipates quickly.
I have been on and off of antidepressants my whole life. I have been on Lexapro for a year and it helped tons. I don 't feel depressed anymore but it seems that I don 't have a range of emotions.  I always seem somewhat subdued, not able to cry, don 't get very excited about anything. I have trouble falling asleep and actually getting good sleep. I guess because of that I am often tired during the day. The sexual side effects are irritating. I gained a little weight but I also quit smoking so that may have had a part in the weight gain.  On a positive note, I am not so overwhelmed with worrying.  I can concentrate much better at school. My irritability has lessened. I feel sane again.
My doctor prescribed generic miralax every day due to chronic constipation, I now take it sparingly. It works wonders! I was on it for a good straight week last week, stopped for about 4 days, and had gurgling, excessive gas, loose stool too.(I am drinking miralax as we speak now LOL) I definitely need it. I 'm planning on taking it every other day or every 2 days. It 's helped tremendously
On my first day of Pristiq, I noticed an immediate surge of energy (coupled with a racing heart and a feeling of disorientation). I am somewhat sensitive to mediciations generally so I was prepared to inherit some of the side effects. What I have experienced in my first week is tiredness, irritability/difficult sleeping, grinding teeth, nausea (vomited 5 times on night 1, which settled on second day), loss of appetite and general stiffness around my neck and back. I trust these symptoms will settle in the coming weeks but thought it may be valuable to share my first week, for those who are a little sensitive to medication. In regards to my mental state, I can safely say my mood has been moderately chilled, unfazed and without any anxiety.
I actually like this birth control. I was on Othro Cyclen Lo and it gave me horrible mood swings, only problem with this birth control was when I first started it I did throw up alot for no reason but I have been on it for 6 months and I love it, but I am switching to the Nuvaring because I can 't remember to take the pill. The first time I went on this pill I gained 8 pounds in a month than I went off of it for a few months lost All the weight. Second time I went on I gained 9 pounds. I 'm not complaining because I did want to gain weight. I started off at 104 and I want to be 118 this pill does make you hungry and if you didn 't eat you might get sick. I got very moody a week before my period but overall I love this pill.
Cymbalta lessens the burning pain in my feet that used to wake me up and keep me awake at night.  It often relieves burning pain almost completely.
I am just starting my 3rd week on Celexa. I was more upset when I found out this was for &quot;depression and anxiety&quot; as I am NOT depressed. I am a very outgoing person that loves to be around people but I do have anxiety, panic attacks and anger issues, so I thought it would be worth trying. I find myself more &quot;Calm&quot; in general since taking this. I am not obsessing about phobia 's I have, and I am back to being 90% happy because I am dealing with stress better. I have been incredibly nauseous though this past week in the early morning to about lunch time. By mid afternoon to evening that goes away, but I do not like that feeling. No interruption in sleep. I do feel &quot;forgetful&quot; more than normal. Overall doing well.
After reading some of these comments I was afraid to take this but it wasn 't bad at all.  This was my third  colonoscopy.  I used the pills, Golytely and Suprep this time and the Suprep was by far the easiest.  This is what worked for me:  I separated each dose into three portions.   I held my nose and drank quickly through two straws. Then I put a lemon wedge in my mouth.  After that I chewed a piece of cinnamon gum.   After a couple minutes I repeated this with the other two portions.  I tasted grape cough/cold medicine only while swallowing and it was not terrible at all.  And I had no aftertaste.   My only problem with this prep was drinking the 32 oz of water due to bloating and slight nausea.
After ten days my open wound is slowly healing
I 've been taking 10mg daily for nearly 11 years. It seems to help me focus but sometimes the side effects make me a bit less risk-adverse than I am without the medication.
I 've been taking this medicine for about 1 year now. I think it is great. I have been able to do better in school, and focus more at work. I am also able to sit still, and not move around as much.
I have had psoriasis for 17  years and have had many visits to the specialist. Although my psoriasis is not what they class as severe it effects my world in a severe way as it is on visual parts of my body that are difficult to hide (especially in summer). Elocon was the first ointment to take the red appearance from the psoriasis and also make some areas look normal again. It has lost its inflammatory appearance and is lessoning in size. I would highly recommend others to give it a go. 
Pristiq worked well for me for 6 months on the 50 mgs than it stopped working. Switched to the 100mg and know its working again. Works really well for depression and anxiety. Makes you feel really confident, talkative, makes it impossible to orgasm and it does keep you up at night. Hopefully it won 't poop out on me. When switching doses you have to give it at least 3 weeks to feel the effects. Initial side-effects do subside.
I preferred Relpax, but my insurance stopped covering it. Imitrex works at least 95% of the time, but maybe 10% of those times, the headache recurs and I have to take another one (which almost never happened with Relpax). My side effects are weird but not debilitating: sense of pressure in head, neck, chest, shoulders, arms; tingling in face; dry burning eyes; skin sensitivity to hot/cold; taste sensitivity to spicy/sour; lack of appetite; sweat; thirst; diuretic. A bit sluggish and sometimes drowsy, but not truly fatigued. Almost never nauseous; never dizzy. A couple of hours later, I often feel mild muscle soreness. The side effects are stronger if I take it on an empty stomach, but it also works faster.
This medication helped me with panic attacks but my anxiety was still pretty prevalent even at 150mg a day.  In addition, it caused uncomfortable side effects of excessive sweaty, especially at night which would wake me although I used to be a person who could sleep through a thunderstorm.  I also began having severe gastrointestinal problems which lasted for months before I switched to a different medication.  We 'll see how it goes.
I had dilaudid every two hours on IV after my bowel resection. I needed this every two hours or else my body would start going into shock from trauma and pain. The IV was wonderful but doesn 't last long at all. They tried giving me the pills two days before leaving but never worked like the IV. They sent me home with 1mg oral dilaudid and taking one or two did not do a thing. I had to take 3 to even slightly feel relief. It seems their pill form isn 't quite effective as the IV but does last longer but just isn 't as great. I agree as well as it being severely addictive. I weened myself off 4 or 5 days ago after every day use for almost 2 weeks (mostly hospital IV) and I 'm still having headaches and slight nausea.
I have to tell you I have struggled with acne since I was 13. I 'm 34 now and am clear and happy. It took about 60 days before I noticed a difference, it 's wonderful. My side effects are larger tender breasts, not such a big deal, and I have gained weight. I 've always been small and I 'm at 118 now my biggest, but I think I can deal with it. Love the clear face to much to go off the pill. I suppose if I continue to gain weight I 'll look for other acne options.
I was put on Celexa when I was 19 and I loved it. It made me feel great. Then one day I decided to stop taking my medicines after a few months my depression returned. I have been on 5 or 6 different meds for depression and each time I stopped taking them. I am now 9 months pregnant and my depression, anxiety, and stress where so terrible that my obgyn prescribed me back on to Celexa. I have been taking it for about a week now and already my friends noticed some change in my moods. It 's true at first you will be tired but after a few days of adjusting you will be back to normal. For me the only side effects that I have found that won 't go away are the crazy dreams and sweating while I 'm asleep. Other then that I wished I never got off of Celexa.
I am 25 year old PhD student. I have been taking Prozac for 5 weeks now. It started affecting me on the 3rd week. I felt so much more active and I had hope for living. I am working more efficiently and my sleep schedule is perfect. I am gaining some weight which means I should also start exercising. I still have vivid dreams and wake up several times during the night but I don 't mind it because my life has changed so much and I feel so happy after years of depression.
I have been taking this medication for 30 days as a trial to replace what I had been taking.  It takes a good 10 hours before I feel sleepy.  I now take it at 4pm and go to bed around 3 am.  Once it works, I sleep great with it. I am considering taking it earlier in the day.  Kind of crazy isn 't it ?
Started taking Buspar 15mg 2 times a day about a month ago and I will be honest, at first I hated it! I almost quit taking it! The first week it seemed as if it was making my anxiety worse. My chest was pounding and could not sleep at all! I decided to stick with it and I 'm glad I did because all of that is gone now. I mainly had issues with social phobia, and I have noticed I am getting better in social situations. The only thing is every now and then I feel a little dizzy for about 20 minutes after taking it but that 's it! It doesn 't take anxiety away, but helps you deal with it and better rationalize things.
I began suffering from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome about a year ago.  Didn 't know I had it, just knew I was sleeping more than I was awake.  Just diagnosed in January and have been taking Nuvigil since then.  Started at 150 mg a day, but it wore off by mid afternoon.  Have since increased the dosage to two pills a day.   I take the second pill in the afternoon and it keeps me going for another 6 hours or so.  I haven 't had to take a nap since I started taking the medication and I am able to concentrate more.  I feel more alert and can get much more accomplished during the day.  I don 't have trouble sleeping or staying asleep.  This medication has been a miracle that has given me back my life.
Overall, I think phentermine works great as a weight loss aid. And for me the side effects were minimal. However I decided to stop taking it, hoping to maintain the weight I was at. I still maintained a fairly reasonable (not perfect) diet and exercised at least 30 min 3-5 times a week. Within 6 weeks I had gained 15 lbs. I was so irritated, and I didn 't know what to do besides go back on the pill. I started taking the pill again. In the first month I lost 14 lbs. So I guess I just wanted to warn everyone that if you stop taking it, the weight can climb back on.
The worst thing anyone can do is read these damn reviews!  All they do is put ideas in a person that is already on edge.  Then when you read what people say you start to panic and imagine you have things that you would not ever have thought of in the first place but since you read what other people are saying its putting thoughts in your head.  Just take the meds and chill out.  Have your own experience not someone elses.
I 've been taking the Nuva ring off and on for about 5 years. It 's my preferred birth control. I barely have any side effects other than my breast enlarging quit a bit. What I don 't like about Nuva ring is it can be difficult to insert and remove. It takes a little tweaking to get it in the right place. Sometimes I feel gross having to insert it with my bare fingers. I decided to take a break from the ring because the insurance only approves one monthly and it 's annoying having to go to the pharmacy every month for just one ring.
I tried taking 1 tablet once before, and got cramps. I though  it was a coincidence, and that I was just really sick.  Tried it again yesterday. Same thing - just one tablet.  PLEASE, drink water with the pill.  I now know water is the key.  I didn 't read the directions this last time, since I had taken it before.  I swallowed it with a mouth full of water and stopped my water intake.  My cramps were so bad. Even my hands were cramping up.  I couldn 't spread my hands out to even hold a glass of water. I would sweat, take clothes off, then get cold. I was in so much pain I even considered calling 911.  Yes this drug works, please don 't ignore the water part of it.  I will try it one more time, while my husband is home, with tons of water.
One negative thing, I believe it has decreased my libido. I was never one to have huge desires every single day but I noticed I have barely any drive at all. I 've been on this for about 2 years. The biggest thing for me, it cleared up my awful hormonal acne. I used to be on Lo Lo-Estrin and that ruined my skin. I still have some scars. It hasn 't helped a ton with oil production on my face either. I still tend to be oily. As far as weight gain, this pill hadn 't affected me that way.
Great if you take it to calm down. I use it for severe agitation.
I have actually just started taking this miracle pill and I can already feel the wonderful effects of not craving a cigarette. I am only on my 5th day and while I am a little worried when I get to the blue strong dosage Pack I hope I will continue to not feel any severe side effects. I am only currently feeling non-chalant (spellcheck) and I am always hungry. I am ready to quit and I am excited.
Okay so I took 4 tablets of azithromycin this morning after I threw up(I 'm 9weeks pregnant) my fianc&eacute; had gave me Chlamydia he had it for awhile and it 's a blessing it didn 't make him sterile. Anyway, I took 4 tablets are 2spoons of peanut butter with it and for about 2 hours straight I had horrible stomach cramps, I then threw up and thought I threw the azithromycin up, but I called the nurse and she said that she thinks I 'm okay, because it 's been in me for 2hours, a little bit after I called I started experiencing diarrhea. I think that 's a sign of it working. I 'm gonna try to eat something before I get sick again, hopefully all this pain will go away soon!
Had bilateral acute PE. Barely a month has passed but I think I am doing okay with Rivaroxaban. I experienced a very heavy menstruation and still have laboured breathing here and there but apart from that, I am happy with the medication. I am now back to work on a part time basis (very supportive employer) and hopefully will be strong enough to be back on full time soon.
I started 2 days ago, I had a bought of diarhea, but nothing major, I 'm not giving up. I went straight to wellbutrin xl from zoloft, no reaction there. Anybody else had any diarhea, hoping this will disappear.
Clears the mind of weird thoughts, delusions and hallucinations. Weight gain has been noted as well as a general feeling of restlessness and drowsiness. I 'm always on slow-motion and need to think things twice or 3 times. Still better than having conversations with dead people or thinking my brain can see in the future... by the way, DON 'T try quitting this drug cold turkey. It 's a recipe for disaster.
I have been taking Metanx for about 9 months now. I first noticed a difference after circa 4 months.Perhaps it was slow because the Neuropathy had been with me for 8 years. No cause for it, exceptperhaps old age (my neurologist 's words). Yes, at times the burning pain seemed to get worsein some areas. The doctor 's explanation: some of the nerves that had already gone numb, andso painless, were coming back and eventually would heal. After years of only tolerating light sandals on  my feet, I have started wearing &quot;real&quot; shoes againfor short period of time.Prices at the local pharmacy are high, but mail order brought it down to under $70.00, including postage.
I had stage 2 colon cancer with golf ball cancer &amp; micro-invasion of colon wall. Lymph nodes negative. Given 5-FU and Oxaliplatin. Told entire time creatinine and bilirubin good - looking back now 2.5 yrs later I have stage 3 kidney disease. No one ever mentioned GFR.  If no one says anything about it to you, make sure you ask.  I have yet to determine if my GFR was low prior to chemo, or what decision I would have made about Oxaliplatin but I should have been informed. When asked physician I was always told - it is all good. Had neuropathy too but that 's ok.,. I am still cancer free and Praise God.
This medicine gives me the runs after a few days of use but its sure better than coughing up a lung.I have found nothing else though that works as well when I get a head cold.
I have been taking Zoloft now for a couple of months. I started at 25mg for 7 days and then 50mg for about 6 weeks. Now I am up to 100mg a day. I have been diagnosed with panic disorder and agoraphobia. I have noticed a difference in the anxiety I have when I am at home, but I still struggle to go into public without supplementing with Ativan. I have just been prescribed Buspar, so I will be curious to see how that addition helps my anxiety. In the past, I have tried Celexa and Wellbutrin which did nothing for my anxiety. I will continue to take the Zoloft, but I would like to get rid of the Ativan if at all possible.
I have seen an improvement in my skin after only a week being on Beyaz.
Apri was my first ever birth control. The first month I experienced horrible symptoms (breakthrough bleeding for 30 days straight, bloating, cravings, nose bleeds, and vaginal odor) I contemplated getting off of it altogether but after the 30days I returned back to normal and it has been great since then! Everyone 's body is different so this was just MY personal experience. I was taking it in preparation to consummate my marriage and I would suggest to any other women working on a timeline to start it waaaaay in advance so as to avoid and prepare for any changes to your cycle time and bodys adjustment.
I 've only been on the Nexplanon for a short period of time and I cannot stop bleeding. I bleed every single day and I use at least 4 Tampons a day. It is not what I expected it to be, but other than that it works great. I used to be in depo and now I 'm glad that I don 't have to be going to the doctor for a shot every 3 months. Bleeding is the only downside.
I started taking anti depressant after my grandchild died. He was 3 years old and it changed my world. I had so much anxiety over people and I was just so sad and angry all of the time. I stated celexa and I loved how it just shut off the bad.  Eventually it was increased and I couldn 't stay awake for anything. I got switched to prozac about a month ago. At first I felt very irritable but thats gotten better and now I feel better overall.  No more trying to sleep all day and the crazy switch is still flipped to off
My Doc gave me a titration pack of Viibryd and after the second week, at 20mg, I feel pretty good. I continue with the third and fourth week packs, going from 20 to 40 mgs, and begin to get side effects:I get spaced out, lose my train of thought, my short-term memory goes out the window, etc etc. So I reduce the dose back to 20mg and I am pretty good, still some space and memory issues, but not serious, and my mood is stable. And my libido is back!!But: I have been eating like crazy, ice cream, cheese, bread, eating, eating, eating. Mostly ice cream, like it 's the greatest thing in the world. I have an appetite that won 't go away! I 've had a stable weight for decades and gained 12 lbs in the last month or so (6 '@196) and counting.
I 'm on my 5th day of starting Welbutrin SR (generic) 100mg and feel more energetic and less depressed and lethargic. That could be a placebo effect so early in treatment, but I know for sure that its almost completey taken away my appetite.  I actually forget to eat. I had been on Prozac, which worked great at first and then the therapeutic effects seemed to fade over the months until I was severely depressed again.  This has happened to me with several other antidepressants as well.  I hope that Welbutrin will work consistently for me.  So far I 'm very happy with the results.
Diarrhea is a symptom of disease, not a disease by itself. It is important to treat the underlying cause (e.g., Crohn 's, IBS, cancer, etc.) not just the symptoms. Opium tincture should be used only as a last resort and for a short period of time (1-2 weeks max). I have taken this medication off-and-on over the past decade, but only when everything else fails and I have to travel. It is very effective at stopping diarrhea.
I would highly recommend this product. It takes about a week to kick in and it clears my skin up so well. I still breakout around my period, but other than that if you use it like you 're supposed to it worked for me! I was really depressed and did everything I could to find acne treatments, and I 'm very happy with the results so far!
I, a 21 yeard old male, was prescribed 10 mg ambien a few weeks ago for insomnia. I 've dealt with insomnia for several years, I 'd lie in bed with my eyes closed for 10 hours and would often not sleep for a second. Or if I did, it was for an hour or 2 and I rarely felt rested. Beforehand, I tried many sleeping aids (Melatonin, Belsomra, Trazadone) and nothing worked. Within 20 minutes of taking ambien for the first time I was out like a light and slept 8+ hours for the first time in years. However, I 've been more recently experiencing the problem of not only waking up feeling groggy, but feeling that throughout the day. Even 8+ hours and a significant amount of caffeine later, I feel far less attentive than I was when I was sleep deprived.
Saphris was incredible for a few months as far as stopping the symptoms and no side effects.  We missed my wife 's dose by 2 hours and the wheels fell off and she had to fall back on Zyprexa again.  It 's a medicine we may go back to if the Invega stops working.
Hello! So I 've been reading all of the reviews about sprintec and I wanted to do one. I just finished my first month of sprintec and now I 'm on my second month. About the second week I was having light cramping, nothing major. &amp; about my 3-4 week I was experiencing a lot of emotion. Mainly sadness.. I got weepy and cry about certain things that aren 't that big of a deal. I was also extreamly tired. Going from the pills to the placebo during my period week I was nauseous the second day.. and the day I got my period my cramps were BRUTAL. I think it was just my body adjusting to the pills. The rest of my period wasn 't that bad and it was light flow. My body is adjusting and everyone 's body is different. Overall I like this so far.
My child has been on this almost a week and it has made her worse in school and hyper, I am looking forward to seeing the Doctor this week, the dose was cut in half after being on it 1 day and no change in behaviour, still not able to focus and refuses all school work and became more defiant.
I have been on nortriptyline for 6 years with two breaks in the middle. I have had severe migraines since I was 13 and have tried several treatment options. The two times I stopped were because it was no longer effective in preventing migraines. During those times my doctor increased beta blockers for 6 months then went back to the regular dosage with nortriptyline. I take up to 100 mg a day but average 50mg. Sometimes I take for granted how well this medication has worked for me. The downsides are weight gain, restlessness and vivid dreams. If you suffer from migraines to the extent I have it is well worth the side effects.
Dosage had to be increased to highest. 75 mg  every 4-6 hours.
I have been using carbi now for several years and it is a great drug. But I have a problem in the summers. When it gets hot I start getting High Uric acid (gout). I would like to know if any one else has this problem. And if so what did you do. What did your Dr do? 
So far I have found this drug great. I 've taken many anti depressants since I was 16 ( now 33) and just was diagnosed with bipolar. Feeling much more energy at times I don 't know what to do so I workout
The meds have help me feel better and clear my skin discoloration and itching.
The medicine brought my Triglyceride way down.. so it works (from over 600 down to 250). But I have about 30% overall HAIR LOSS.. this is not good. I am a 50 year old female have had all testing done on hormone levels, thyroid etc. All is normal. I am not in menopause yet either so I am going off the medication. Will substitute fish oils and hope my next blood work does not sky rocket to 600  again.
I 've had Skyla for a little over a year now and would say that I like this IUD for the most part. I tried (Paraguard) first and had a horrible experience. I had it for about four months and bled almost everyday for 2 1/2 months of it! Literally everyday. It was a nightmare. I got that one removed and was told to try Skyla instead. I am 27, no kids. My periods have always been very painful, LONG, etc. The Skyla was painful &amp; cramping followed apon insertion, however it subsided after a couple days. For the first 9 months I would get regular periods (not too heavy, not horrible cramping) and after that I either dont get a period,just the cramping and skip it or I will get a period with painful cramping. So its different every month for me.
I 've been on 50mg of Zoloft for three weeks now... it seems to be working pretty well. My obsessive thoughts started to have trouble materializing in my mind then before I knew it.. I started to feel like myself again and the thoughts and anxiety seem to have diminished.
I have only been on amitriptyline for about 6 weeks for chronic pain in arms and hands due to nerve damage. So far so good. I am able to sleep at night and am pain free during the day. I take 50mg before bed and 25mg twice a day. For the first time in five years I actually sleep at night!
I was taking 50 mg a day and it really reduced my migraines. I had no side effects except that I lost about 10 pounds, so that was a plus though my weight was normal. My neurologist bumped me up to 75 mg to try to get rid of the last of my migraines, and then a few months later I noticed my hair was falling out just like it did each time when I was postpartum. I 'll have to go back down on my dosage to see if that will make my hair come back or if I need to go off it altogether, but it will take years to grow my long hair out again. ;(
I have loved using Gianvi, I started it 7 months ago when I was married. My periods are regular however, I never bloated or gained weight. However I have never been such an emotional type until I started taking this pill, and As time went on I have noticed I get a lot of migraines and often dizziness and I am almost certain it is because of this pill, it 's bitter sweet but I will be switching to another brand to see if anything changes.
I 've started using Yasmin because of my mild acne. I 'm on my third pack now and so far I can 't say that my face is clear. One day it gets better but than  the next day it gets worse again. It may be that I just have to wait for a little bit longer .
I got my implant in 2014 and removed in 2017. Decided not to do the entire 4 years because in the last two years I found myself extremely tired every single day, barely wanting to get out of bed except to eat. I also noticed my my hair has thinned a lot (which I was in denial about at first) but when I researched more, I realized many other women had experienced this side effect, too. Additionally, I 'm 23 years old and my sex drive has been non existent for the past year. It 's been almost two weeks off and already, I feel a major difference. My energy is up again and my sex drive as well. Hopefully, my hair grows back thick, the way it used to be! Overall, this medicine isn 't that bad if you can deal with the side effects.
For the most part my experience has been positive, with a few annoying side effects. First of all, I had been on NuvaRing, which made me absolutely insane. I would cry for hours for no reason at all and became depressed randomly for no reason. I also have NEVER had acne, like maybe five pimples a year since entering high school. The great thing about Nexplanon is it 's so easy, insertion was extremely quick and painless. Mood swings have completely disappeared and it 's actually improved my mood. I spotted for the first week and now my periods have stopped. I get spotting maybe every three months for a day or two. One major downside: I get acne frequently now. Not enough to make me remove the implant, but its a bummer.
Lexapro (Cipralex in Canada) is an effective antidepressant that worked well for generalized anxiety disorder. I took it because I had general anxiety (occasional panic attacks) and depression. It worked well in both areas. It helped a lot with mood, confidence, anxiety, motivation. But it was not without side effects. It does cause weight gain, although the exact reason is confusing. I went from 180 pounds to 200 pounds in 6 months. There are also sexual side effects, prolonged ejaculation with very little feeling and a strange feeling of being unable to urinate freely (taking longer than usual). It made me very sleepy. Weening off is difficult. Those are the pros and cons. If the cons don 't sound too bad to you it will help otherwise.
I 'm 17 and have been on Ocella for about 9 months, if not more. In terms of effectiveness, I can 't say I know, because I use a condom every time I have sex.However, it has done wonders for my acne, and I haven 't had an increase in weight. But I 've noticed recently, that whenever I have my period, I end up being in a TERRIBLE mood. I don 't want anyone to talk to me, or anything. I want to cry. I 'm either pissed, or I cry.Another bad thing I noticed is my sex drive has gone WAY down. I 'm considering changing it, but I need the pills for periods as well, my periods are very irregular, but I want to be on birth control since I am having sex.
I just started taking Celexa instead of Paxil and so far it 's been helping me with my panic problem. I 've only been taking it for about a week now. I stopped using Ativan abruptly and my panic attacks came right back even worse. Celexa isn 't a bad drug so far.
I recently went back on this pill. I took this pills for the first time 3 years ago had no side effects. When off to have kids. I recently went back on and so far still very happy. I was on generess fe which made my face breakout very badly . Mircette has cleared it all up. No complaints at all I feel great on this pill. I also have PCOS so it 's been helping me with that . Hope it continues to work as well as it is so far .
If you don 't get ahead of an attack, this pill won 't work. I have been on it for years now and have had little problem with it until it didn 't work one weekend so I doubled up on it and ended up in the hospital a week later with seizure due to hypomagnesia (or however you say lack of magnesium). Make sure you are getting all your electrolytes when taking proton pump inhibitors.
I have been taking Xanax off and on for about 3 years now. It is great for anxiety. I spent thousands of dollars going to the ER thinking I was having a heart attack before it was brought to my attention that it was actually anxiety. I take 0.5mg as needed now. I noticed that when I stopped taking it that I could not sleep for days and I became shaky at times, and the anxiety returns immediately. The other thing that I notice is that after a while you become immune to the dosage. If you only take it with the onset of an anxiety or panic attack it shouldn 't be a problem.
After 2 years on Percocet for back pain, my surgeon recommended I see a pain specialist. The doctor prescribed Nucynta ER and completely took me of the Percocet. The first 5 days were awful. I was taking 50 mg twice a day to get it in my system, then taking 150mg twice daily as my regular routine. I didn 't think it worked at all and felt terrible because of the withdrawal from Percocet. I stuck with it and am glad I did. My mornings are much better because I 'm in almost no pain whereas before, mornings were the worst. It has much less adverse effects on my short term memory, ability to focus, and ability to function more at the workplace (I 'm a math teacher) than when I was taking Percocet. The negatives are that I still have evening pain.
My husband has advanced Alzheimer 's and has been on 3 weeks of the 4.6 patch. He has become sexually active after months of no sex, but now wants it every night. I 'm afraid to get him to the next level.
Hey everyone I 'm here with review, and I finally know this helped my irritable bowel syndrome. I 'm a healthy woman in her mid-40s, just slightly overweight, but not too much.
I was placed on Stelara Jan 2016 after suffering Moderate to Severe Psoriasis for 43 yrs (Im 47) yup my whole life with this hideous curse. Stelara for me was great I had NO SIDE EFFECTS I went from 80% covered to less then 10% after the 4th injection. Severe pain forced me to seek biologics not vanity. In Oct 2016 I was diagnoised with Thyroid Cancer and was removed from Stelara for next 2 yrs. &quot;Sigh&quot; Stelara DID NOT cause my thyroid cancer I was sick with thyroid issues a couple of years prior to using Stelara even after repeated visits to my Doctor and many specialists who all told me for 3 years my issues were in my head and after all this it ended up being all in my throat. Psoriasis sufferers are treated like complainers by most Dr.
I have a Neuro shunt and was put on Keppra before the shunt operation (hydrocephalus). I have noticed the regular Keppra works just as well as the more expensive Keppra XR.
I have been on this birth control for about 2 years now.  I was originally put on it to help manage my acne, which it had little effect on but definitely did not make it worse.  I had no real side effects other than moodiness during my period which is normal BUT my periods would last 7 days.  Periods would be manageable but on the heavier side.  For a birth control it does it 's job but I just switched to Loestrin 24 to shorten my period.  All in all, Tri-Sprintec is a good pill.
Works pretty well, with 8mg per day. Minimal side effects, such as some dizziness when I started, and some swelling of feet and ankles.
My experience with Trinessa was terrible. I was prescribed this mainly as a birth control method. The first month want bad I hardly noticed anything. Then the second month rolled around and I started experiencing severe bloating. I figured it would subside give or take a week but it persisted for the entire month and the month after. I felt extremely uncomfortable due to the bloating constantly and nausea began to settle in as well. I was at a concert and had to sit down because the nausea was so bad. I also gained 10 pounds that I am working my ass off to lose and its nearly been impossible to lose the weight. Everyone is different I understand so what didn 't work for me may work perfectly fine for someone else. Got off this pill.
Tomorrow is my 3rd colonoscopy. The first 2 times, my doctor complained that I was not cleaned out enough. I was determined to get it done this time. The procedure is scheduled for Tuesday(tomorrow). I began a clear liquid regime on Saturday. On Sunday, I did the Mirolax/Gatorade prep. The Mirolax is tasteless in the Gatorade so nasty taste was not a problem but I don 't think I 'll ever be able to drink Gatorade again. Drinking 8 oz. every 15 min. was difficult but it really worked. I went to the bathroom beginning 1 hour after I drank and went from 4 pm to 2 am. I called to see if I had to do the Suprep today. Yes. Ugh. This stuff is so nasty. I nearly threw it up and I have 1 more session of it to go. My gut better be sparkling.
I was prescribed Klonopin for Post-Traumatic Stress due to being in Manhattan on 9/11.  I suffered in silence for years before finally going to a Doctor last year.  At first, I felt, &quot;Relaxed,&quot; using the drug, but after about six months, that feeling of relaxation began to disappear and my fear of a Terrorist attack worsened by the day.  So my Doctor increased the dosage to 1 MG, three times a day and my anxiety has disappeared again.  My only complaint about this medicine are the SEVERE sleeping side effects.  I generally don 't feel fatigued until after taking the second dose for the day.  I tried spacing the second dose longer, but anxiety returned almost immediately.  Overall, a good drug though, with the exception of the excessive sleep.
I was prescribed sertraline 50 mg a day for my general anxiety and depression.  I was reluctant to take it, but did so, only kept the dose to 25mg.  At first, I felt so uninspired and tired, but also saw my anxiety levels go down and my mood go up.  Suicidal thoughts decreased dramatically and  I became much easier to get along with; no more getting all worked up over minor issues, less intense and hyper-reactive to every little thing. Less worrying and fretting. Huge increase in ability to focus/concentrate, especially ability to read again without my mind distracted and reading the same sentence over and over. Initially gained 9 lbs, but lost it all and with a diet plan. I 'm thankful for sertraline.
I have been on everything from Concerta to Wellbutrin to Vyvanse. Next to Vyvanse, Adderall XR has been the most helpful. If I take it any later than noon, I will absolutely have insomnia. I also have to be careful about the foods I eat, and especially try to avoid my multi-vitamin in the morning (because of the citric acid). It doesn 't decrease my appetite, sometimes I feel like it increases it, but it prevents me from binge-eating. I take 20mg Adderall XR with 25mg of Zoloft and though it helps with my OCD tendencies that Adderall is likely to cause, I don 't think the combination works as well as Adderall XR by itself. I will also occasionally have heart palpitations, but that 's usually a sign that I need to limit my coffee intake!
Third day on Wellbutrin and so far so good except for the side effects. I get headaches, angry and snapy over silly things, ringing in my ears. Those are the main side effects, and they 're inconsistent up and down all long. I feel mentally alert and creative. And actually look forward to doing things. I haven 't felt like that since I was a kid! Oh and my sex drive has increased. I found to be eating more food on this probably cause I 've been more creative cooking in the kitchen. Just not sure if I 'm into be angry/ snappy with my toddler around. Hopefully that side effect subsides.
I have a painful connective tissue disorder called Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome and have been having pain for 6 years. My pain has been rapidly getting worse for several months to the point where I am unable to work, take care of my home, or take care of myself.I was prescribed this medication after being hospitalized for severe pain so bad I was screaming, crying, thrashing around, vomiting and losing consciousness. IV dilaudid got the worst pain under control, and 2 percocet USUALLY prevents my pain from getting that bad, but not always. I find that when I take it with a muscle relaxer called tizanadine, it works a bit better.It helps my level 7-9 pain, but for level 10 I still have to go to the ER sometimes. But it 's still a good drug.
When I lay in bed with osteoarthritis pain and nerve pain...this tends to give a warming sensation to a bit burning which takes my mind off the nerve pain and after a bit (and with my pain meds) I can fall asleep.  If you like hot showers in the morning it may warm up a bit while in the hot shower.  I wont live without it.  I only use it at bed time and when the pain is to great to fall asleep.
I have been taking Diovan 160 mg along with three other medications. My blood pressure went down from 160/100 to 135/90 but I 'm not sure if it was due to this medicine or the other three.  I seem to get tired in the afternoon when my dosage was increased from 80 to 160 mg.
I just started Pristiq Exrelease 50mg about 6 days ago. I am just learning more about this drug.  All these comments are very helpful, I have much, much hope.  I have anxiety issues, panic disorder, and some depression. I have also noticed decreased hunger.  Please continue writing in it can make a big difference to people like me.  Thank you!
Although it does work very well; after extreme anxiety I feel normal and able to function well and think calmly. However, just wanted to caution people that long term use can result in dreadful withdrawal.
My experience on zofran has been alright so far. I suffer from pcos, endometriosis, and gerd. All three of those combined make my nausea outrageous. Sometimes to the point where I have to call in to school or work. I had an ER visit a week ago because my pcos pain meds made me severely constipated. They gave me zofran in my iv along with 6 other things and 2 liters of this water stuff. I 've been taking it for a week now and it 's alright. It works fast but it doesn 't make my nausea go away. It does ease it to the point I don 't want to throw up everywhere though. Overall it 's a pretty good med. they 've had me on 6-7 other meds to prevent my nausea and I have to say this works the best
I would give a higher rating except that , as others have noted, I don 't get the stated 120 doses per canister.  Qvar works very well for me when I get the recommended dosage.  When the canister starts to fail and I don 't realize I 'm not getting the prescribed amount things go downhill.  I don 't like paying for medicine I don 't get but the far bigger issue is not getting the protection Qvar provided when I do get it.If the manufacturer fixed this I 'll be very happy with Qvar.
I have dealt with horrible migraines pretty much on a daily basis for almost 14 years now. My Neurologist says I have some of the worst he 's ever seen in all the years he 's been in practice. I receive Botox treatments every 3 months and the only medicine that really alleviates the pain after trying dozens is Norco. Insurance wants to charge $32.00 per pill which I cannot afford, so luckily I get a few samples each month. With the exception of a couple times treximet always seems to help with in about a half hour or so. I would recommend treximet to anybody who has true migraine issues.
I 've only been on Seroquel for 2/3 weeks but I have had a largely positive experience. I have had a diagnosis of depression for about ten years and was using Cipralex (Lexapro). I came off Cipralex twice, and both times I became very depressed. Even on Cipralex my mood was constantly changing so I went to see a psychiatrist who thinks I may have Cyclothymia or bipolar 2 so started me on 50mg of Seroquel. Initially I was very groggy but have gotten over that. I 've also gained a stone in weight. But my mood has really stabilised for the first time. I feel happy,  confident and passionate. I no longer have a million thoughts in my head so can focus better. Hopefully this continues.
I only started Paxil last night. I took 5mg and about 2 hours later it felt like a steel curtain had dropped on my looping intrusive thoughts. ADs have always been a problem for me. They only work to an extent and the side effects are intolerable. I 'm taking Paxil long enough to hopefully bridge my way from the difficult place I 'm in right now, to some place where I feel more confident and comfortable. This morning, the intrusive thoughts returned with renewed vigor. I took another 5mg and again, 2 hours later they were gone. It 's surreal being present. I 'm used to spending my time ruminating on the past or fearing the future. This will take some getting used to, but if this is a sign of things to come, I have hope.
For the most part my experience has been positive, with a few annoying side effects. First of all, I had been on NuvaRing, which made me absolutely insane. I would cry for hours for no reason at all and became depressed randomly for no reason. I also have NEVER had acne, like maybe five pimples a year since entering high school. The great thing about Nexplanon is it 's so easy, insertion was extremely quick and painless. Mood swings have completely disappeared and it 's actually improved my mood. I spotted for the first week and now my periods have stopped. I get spotting maybe every three months for a day or two. One major downside: I get acne frequently now. Not enough to make me remove the implant, but its a bummer.
It did help with the sad lines under my mouth and looks great as a cheek filler&hellip; Had some bruising but I would say the oddest reaction is I have had no appetite for three days
I have been on this medicine for migraine prevention for just over a year now. I LOVE IT! I used to have chronic daily migraine (8 to 9 intensity) and multiple unexplained body pains and weakness (docs just thought it was part of the migraines because I tested negative for MS, lupus, Fibromyalgia), my migraines are now down to 1 to 3 a month and the body pains are gone! I ended up having a 4 week period where I didn 't have any medicine due to a mailing issue and the migraines were back full force, along with the body pains. Been back on it for about a week and I feel like I 'm slowly getting better again. 
My twin sister had the infection. She 's been using it for about a day and she has seen an improvement already. The doc told her to use it three times a day for seven days.
Okay, so before going into my appointment to have Skyla inserted I made the decision to read through reviews on the Internet (reviews on the pain associated with the implant being put in). Firstly, I will say that some of the reviews I read scared me to death. Then I would read some that were reassuring saying pain was not experienced. So here 's my experience: the implant wasn 't painful but was uncomfortable. I would describe the experience as a severe cramp. It lasted for only a few seconds. I do deal with severe cramps while on my period so I think I responded better to the progress of having it placed. Also, I had it inserted while on my period, therefore my cervix was more open. That way the IUD would go in a little more easily.
I have been so constipated I took 2 pills Sunday night.  I started to have cramping a couple hours later. The cramps were getting so intense it felt like labor pains.  I went to the bathroom about  4am it all started. I was in bed or in the restroom all day Monday and felt weak and like I was coming down with the flu. This stuff definitely works but cramps are HORRIBLE!! I 'm still cramping but now able to get out of bed on Tuesday but still visiting the restroom often. If I eat or drink anything I start getting cramps and have to go to the restroom. It 's 3am on Wednesday and I 've been up for a couple of hours with cramps and still going to the restroom. I 'm getting to where I don 't wanna eat or drink because I 'm tired and want to sleep!
Aviane was the first birth control I 've taken, I started when I was 20, and I took it for about 6 months.  The first month was pretty bad - I had my period for all of it, then the second and third month I have my period for two weeks.  Initially, I felt depressed at times especially about my boyfriend, but I was fine by the 3rd month.  My boobs maybe got a little larger, and my skin did clear up, but I might have gained some weight over the months (I also stopped working out).  The main reason why I 'm no longer taking it is because for the past 3 months my period started 3 or 4 days earlier during the active pills so I needed a birth control with higher doses.  Overall I have no complaints, and it definitely works at preventing pregnancy.
Skeptical, difficult to believe that this would work with my severe conditions. Sure enough after five months (20 weeks) my acne on my shoulders, back, and chest was 85% healed. Once the treatment was finished, there was accelerated improvement. So within about 27 or so weeks after my first dose (2 pills per day) I was healed almost completely. However you WILL get chapped lips and dry skin. It was extremely frustrating, the side effects were. There was also bad muscle aches every time I took a running step. The healing that the medicine provided much outweighed the side effects. You must know, I could not take off my shirt, it was so bad. However, with the help of Aquaphor, my new best friend, this WILL work, and you 'll make it through.
Prescribed generic Bactrim DS, 2x/day for 3 days. Just took my last dose and minimal side effects. I always ate a big substantial meal before taking this medication even though I had loss of appetite (ate food that had tons of starch). Also, drank tons of water after and throughout the day. I was constantly peeing but at least I knew I was drinking enough. Had minor upset stomach and fatigue but still very functional esp when the pain from UTI was gone. Took a day and half to feel relief.
I started Lo Loestrin Fe 3 weeks ago, and so far have had a great expierence on it, no weight gain,(Ive actually lost 3 lbs) and if anything my moods are alot better, no nausea, no headaches. Overall this pill is good so far. I was put on this due to very heavy bleeding every month, and clots the size of plums coming out every 10 min from me. I had a DNC to try and correct bleeding before I started the pill, and that worked for 2 months, then went right back to the same thing, bleeding like crazy for weeks with clots. About 3 days into the pill my bleeding has completly stopped, no cramps, no clots. I worry about the weight gain, so hopefully I will not gain. Overall I think this pill is doing its job and I would recommend.
Started on 75mg twice daily, noticed some effect, just a tease or a promise. Upped it to 150mg twice daily and yes, it definitely works to eliminate &quot;one level of pain&quot;, while leaving some &quot;levels of pain&quot; still there. I do feel side effects of feeling calm while having  more motivation for projects, some slight feeling of alcohol-like impairment (not so much after less than a week of 300mg/day). I also occasionally use oral cannabis and the Lyrica potentiates it quite a bit. I 'm feeling very positive about this medicine, even though it doesn 't get at all levels of my pain, I like what it does do for me.
66yo with very attractive wife with whom I had been making love 2-3 times a week without having erection problems probably due to her great figure and her wanting to dress to tease and please. Problem of maintaining erections for longer than 10 minutes started about 6mths ago and really caused concern which of course started to impact on overall performance. Tried Levitra 10mg last night for the first time - onset about 40 minutes and great erection achieved which lasted for two climaxes. Easily got hard again this morning.
I don 't mind it but I have noticed that sometimes my periods start the first day of the inactive pill, and sometimes they start a few days into the inactive pills.
I haven 't been taking the pill for YEARS, so I am no expert, but so far I have experienced a more controllable period, tender and growing breasts, even skin tone and weird mood swings in the beginning. My period used to be extremely heavy and lasted exactly 7 days long each month, but after starting it was unbelievably light (I was so surprised) and 5 days long. It starts 2 days after starting the pink pills in the package. My breasts have definitely grown, and are a tad tender but doesn 't bother me at all, along with my other womanly aspects have been emphasized. My skin is manageable, it was before I started the pill also. My mood swings are a little uncontrollable though. 
Due to some of my history, Darvocet has helped me make it though days I thought I wouldn 't get out of bed.
I just took my second dose of Deplin. I love the fact that there are no side effects. I went all through the day without getting so angry at someone I would get an anxiety attack. It 's a start and I 'm hoping I can return to my normal self. Wish me luck.
Use this for about nine months. I have one toe that is about 70% cleared up, this is my big toe on my left foot. My toenail fungus is severe and all toenails on my left foot . Also, I have fungus on my big toe and little toe of my right foot, but very little, and not severe.The medicine seems to help with keeping my right foot nails in check but not completely clearing them up.   On my left footmy toes are severely infected and only the big toe and one other are  obviously getting better,  but only the big toe is far along.I plan on continuing the medicine for as long as I can.     I 've had fungus on my toenails for 11 years and tried several different approaches to clearing it with this one being the only One to cause new clear nail.
I was recently diagnosed with irritable bowel syndrome and given Belladonna/Phenabarbital, as well as Dexilant (acid reducer).  I felt great for the first week of being on these; however after that it has gone downhill, with severe diarrhea and headaches.  I have lost 13 lbs since taking these medicines and concerned with which medicines cause this.  The Dexilant seems to cause the diarrhea, but I 'm left wondering why the headaches are so bad.  Any assistance would be great...cannot function w/the headaches and nothing over the counter touches them.
I have had lower back pain for 22 years (I am 45) Meloxicam was prescribed about 2 years ago. I take 15mg a day, in the morning. No side affects whatsoever but not a very good pain eliminator, I still have breakthrough pain that starts in around noon and lasts the rest of the day, at least 3-4 days a week.
I have just recently started this medication for severe Fibromyalgia pain. Unlike most others who have posted here, I have not been taking strong opiates for my pain prior to being given this patch by my doctor. I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia eight years ago after being rear ended in an auto accident that happened twelve years ago. This past year, I have been on Hydrocodone 5/500. Prior to that I was on Tylenol for pain relief. After 4 days of being on the 12.5 mcg patch, I am beginning to get some relief for my pain. I think I am going to like this patch.
I tried this medicine and it cured my depression within a matter of days. I felt great and was seeing the world in a different light. Good energy and  just felt good in general. Problem is I couldn 't sleep. I was on 15 mg. I adjusted the dose down to 10 mg and the antidepressant effects were gone. I had to stop a great medicine due to insomnia.
When i first put abreva on it hurts so much for about ten minutes and i wonder why??? The second time is fine and so on. Over all it works well.
lower major back paintook medication and the pain went from major to a minor dull ache
It makes me lightheaded and sleepy but makes my pain better where I can continue my day. 
I stayed in my own little comfortable world as I called it because I was paranoid, bad compulsions, habits, hypochondria, everyday was a struggle and I would cry randomly. I did not consider myself depressed because I was such a happy girl even though at a split second I would turn into something else and would have no emotion for anything. Sometimes I would have bad anxiety due to giving myself all of this stress and I couldn 't eat and then I became sick and most of the time with that, came no confidence and sometimes I had many flowing ideas and such creativity. I was diagnosed recently with Hypomania, BPD and a bit of skitz. This med has helped so much but if you have symptoms of bipolar do not take anxiety medication...you 'll feel terrible.
I have mild redness and swelling of pimples and scarring due to stress that I just could not clear up with over the counter products. I decided to go to a dermatologist and they prescribed me Epiduo (cream) and Minocycline (a pill) to help with the inflammation. I do have sensitive skin and each day I use it, it does burn when I put it on and leaves my face red and very dry! But.....I already see an improvement in my skin! They did say to use Epiduo gel every OTHER day if the redness and dryness continues. I am also using CeraVe lotion afterwards to moisturize (their recommendation) and it does not leave an oily residue like others I have tried and it truly is a great light weight lotion! I have faith in this acne product! Keep using it! :)
I get gout several times a year. I play a lot of tennis and I seem to get the gout in my toes, knees and wrist. I try and take this medicine as early as possible and usually I can get relief within 2 days.  50 mg 2-3 times a day. I do get light headed and I notice my blood pressure goes up about 10 points.
I had spotting for about 2-3 months, and my breast were ridiculously tender and hurt. But after that I had no more spotting and haven 't had a period since. I also have not gained any weight (actually lost 10 lbs). Have occasional acne but nothing severe or long lasting. Overall worth it to me. However spotting in he beginning.
Love it. I 'm taking the 50mg. Now I can deal with my wonderful boyfriend and crap ex husband. My sex drive is still low but with luck that to will change.
The drug would get a 10 as it worked miraculously for me.   In my case -- and this probably won 't happen to you -- the medication caused me kidney stones, the first of which was agonizing and led me to stop using the medication.  Then the headaches resumed.  I was willing to take an occasional Kidney Stone attack as a tradeoff for frequent migraine so I went back on the drug knowing the risks.  Unfortunately, I peed gravel constantly, oddly without pain, but it was a warning.  I 'm now off the drug.  If it did not cause me that side effect, I would have remained on the medication as it was, again, close to 100 percent effective.  Not everyone responds the same way; your experience will probably be different.
My son is 9 yrs old and has been on Vyvanse for about 2 yrs or so and I have to say that its been a miracle medicine. I believe I finally got my baby boy back he also takes Intuniv as a booster pill....but my only problem is that he has chronic insomnia and no over the counter or prescribed medicine seem to make him fall asleep and stay asleep.
I took Klonopin daily for about a year due to a bout with anxiety and depression. I was put on an AD and added this after a few weeks as the AD was not helping my anxiety or depression. I took 0.25-0.5mg twice per day most of the time and had to change my AD twice over the first several months to get on the right one. Klonopin helped me alot during this time. I finally went back to Pristiq which had worked several years prior for me and after a few months was back to myself and with my Dr 's OK I weaned off of the Klonopin and have been of it completely for almost two months now. I was terrified to stop it since I heard so many horror stories of benzo withdraw but I had no withdraw just as my Dr. had thought. Good luck!
I have been using this for about three or four months , I haven 't had any major mood swings or major acne breakouts but I have been experiencing abnormally painful cramps and an extremely heavy flow. A super to super plus tampon will only last me maybe one hour.
The first day was awful... nausea, vomiting for hours, stomach ache that started about 8 hours after taking the pill (and lasted about 5 or 6 hours). I stopped it for one week cause it was Xmas time and had to stay at my parents house. The second time I took it it was the same, nausea and vomit  for  hours. But the day after I took the pill again after dinner and the side effects disappeared, except for the over production of gas, which is still happening after two weeks. But it seems to work very fast... the ganglions are decreasing dramatically!
I was diagnosed with ADHD very late in life, at 55. My main symptoms are depression, anxiety, insomnia, lack of motivation/energy and a raft of others. I have tried every anti-depressant available, most of which didn 't work or the side effects were too bad. I always seem to have to take high doses of medication, and ended up on 120mg of Strattera. It didn 't do much for my concentration or cognitive symptoms, but after a few months I noticed my motivation getting better. However, it caused my quite severe cardiac symptoms and the dose was dropped to 100mg. I needed to think straight, so Methylphenidate was added. This was a great combination for me, apart from the side effects which often go away given time, but in my case didn 't.
Had throat infection took 3 days pack, feeling great after fighting the same for over one and half month. Today is 4th day I am going to continue it for 3 more days.
I just got out of the hospital after my second ablation proved unsuccessful and was taken off my previous anti-arhythmic Sotalol which seemed to be less effective for months in its generic form. Anyway, with Tikosyn I noticed a difference in how I felt pretty quickly and am hoping this trend continues. I had been on Betapace for 15 years and have had 4 ICDs/ Pacemakers after being diagnosed with an idiopathic DCM in 1996 and surviving 3 cardiac arrests now. As far as I am concerned, the difference in my heart rhythm and how I feel thus far is the MIRACLE I have been waiting for. It has been years since I felt this good, and someone who is 44 SHOULD be able to feel this good (I was 28 when diagnosed). I think this medicine is definitely worth the risks!
Cimzia worked the best and fastest for my RA. I was on Simponi &amp; Enbrel before but they stopped working after a few months and took some time to kick in. The only thing is that all these biologics make my psoriasis come back for some reason. Also, I 've been having hive-like reactions on my mouth and cheeks almost daily for the past 2 months.
I 've been having my Mirena for about four months now. I had to get it because I 'm anemic and I had gone to the hospital because I was losing so much blood and they told me it might have been a miscarriage. So since I got the Mirena I 've been so happy I don 't bleed as much and I don 't have really bad cramps and migraines anymore so yes I would recommend this to anyone.
I take fluvoxamine for overall general OCD 150mg/day at dinner. Mild insomniac my entire life. Recently, it was really bad so in the last month or so I tried trazadone (by a doctor), which had horrible effects on me . For some reason although this has a high success rate for many people, it didn 't not work for me. After this, my doctor prescribed me 2mg of clonazepam 90 minutes before bedtime. It works very good, I have a little drowsiness the next day, but overall love the medication. It does take me about 2 hours to kick in instead of 90 minutes.
I 've been on this birth control for over a year now. There are some good and some bad that come with it. Of course. I 'm 21, always have had light periods and when I started this birth control, I quit having them. I take ALL of my pills when I 'm supposed to and I haven 't had a period in months. Here and there I will spot for less than a day. I 'm somewhat moody and get angry easier than I should sometimes. Great news, I didn 't lose my sex drive on this pill as I have with others. I 'd recommend trying it, if it works, it works. If not, onto the next.
My whole life I have struggled with Bipolar disorder having  unstable moods and SEVERE bipolar depression. I have been on TONS of different medications for it. All of them has crazy side effects and none seemed to work. A month ago I got prescribed lithium and it seems to be working super well. I don 't have as much up and down moods and I notice my racing thoughts have gone away for the most part. Things that used to bother me barely bother me anymore and I kind of just go with the flow of things now. The only down side of this medication is it makes me feel a little irritated at times and doesn 't help with my anxiety as I was hoping. But as for bipolar disorder, I HIGHLY recommend this medication.
I have been on this medicine for over a year. Works very well for depression. The last few months the side effects are getting bad. The brain and body zaps are getting to the point were you don 't want to go to sleep. You feel like you are awake but cant move or talk. 
I started taking Effexor about 3 days ago. So far, it 's been pretty crazy. I 'm sweaty all of the time, nauseous yet starving, and cannot stay asleep for the life of me. However, it is really helping with my anxiety. I suffer from dermatilioma, which causes me to pick my skin. I have noticed that I 've been picking A LOT LESS in just 3 days! My scabs are clearing up, and I 'm not &quot;catching&quot; myself picking nearly as often. I also feel calm and relaxed. The side effects seriously suck though. As I type this, my phone is about to slip out of my hands from sweat. I 'm a 95 lb 21 year old and I don 't think I 've ever sweated so much in my life. It 's also been making dizzy. It 's worth it to me though. If it will help me stop picking, I 'll do anything.
I 'm in my third week of Victoza, 2nd week at 1.2.  Also take Actos once daily.  No side effects except loss of appetite and fill up quickly.  No weight loss and no dramatic drop in blood sugar readings.  I 'm sticking with it for a while.  All of the positive reviews give me hope.
Tried this last year as have widespread oestoarthritis  and lost 8 kgs over 6mths -was told I could only take  this drug for 6 mths but after not taking it for 4mths have put on 3kgs so have had a new prescription and will aim to have a stronger willpower!! Hate the odour but still love my chocolate!!!
Traveling abroad and had three days of constipation. Normally I 'm a daily guy. Thought my system was holding onto something bad I ate so I decided it needed a little help expelling big bad toxins. Senokot did just that and more! I took one dose at 9pm. By 3am I was on the pot with explosive diarrhea. It 's 630am and I 'm back on the pot writing this warning for others to heed. I have to travel at 9am. I hope this ends soon as taking Imodium is not idea either. I probably should have drank prune juice instead.
I normally take Miralax when I 'm constipated because it just softens my bowels and regulates me afterwards, but I couldn 't find any in the store so I bought Dulcolax for the first time. Well, I took two tablets at 11:30 at night thinking I would wake up late in the morning and use the bathroom no problem. No. At 4:30am I woke up and felt like someone was punching me in the stomach, and I thought I was going to vomit. I then had diarrhea, and then the &quot;peeing from my butt&quot; experience. 
I have had anxiety for over 14yrs. I have been using lexapro for 1 year it has kept me emotitionaly stable but it has not helped my anxiety at all. I use 40mg.
I have had random panic attacks and anxiety since I was 21 years old. I had a bunch of problems and couldn 't figure it out. Randomly one day I looked up anxiety. I was put on Venlafaxine which is Effexor. I would recommend Effexor or Venlafaxine for people who have anxiety. Yes every medicine has its downsides but there are more upside to this medicine then there are down to me. But one thing I will agree with everybody else is that the withdrawals are completely hell compared to anything that you have ever seen. But on the upside it help for the lot of problems that come with anxiety. Also it is hard to sleep on but that 's fine I would rather not be able to sleep so well then be freaking out all the time.
I suffer from Bipolar 1 Mixed Rapid Cycling, I started taking Saphris to replace geodon about a month and a half ago to reduce my Manic Episodes and I do feel better but I am gaining weight at an alarming rate!!! I have tried so many medications throughout the years for the manic episodes and am going to stick with this as it really does helps tremendously and I haven 't suffered any other side effects.
I started taking Seasonique about 10 months ago. It 's worked quite well. My acne isn 't as bad as it used to be. I am a little bit more moody but I can cope with that. I do have some spotting in the middle of the three months but its only like a weekish at the most but overall I think its better then having 12 periods a year.
I started taking Tamoxifen in September of 2013. The side effects kicked in after about a week. My fingers completely seized up and if I crouched down I couldn 't get up again! The joint pain was unbearable so my oncologist decided to take me off it for 6 months. He then introduced it gradually, 10mg a day instead of 20mg. So far so good! After 6 months of that he put me back up to the full dose and the pain didn 't return! I 've been on it ever since. My periods are here and there but are quite heavy and painful when I do get them. I wish they 'd just stop. Just keeping everything crossed that the cancer stays away. Good luck to all you fellow survivors and keep fighting the fight! 
I got an iud directly after an abortion 11/15. The next few days were downright excruciating. I had to have my a friend give me some of her oxytocin from her tonsil surgery. Very painful. After the cramping I didn 't stop bleeding until maybe April! I waited it out cause I wasnt sure if the side effects were from the abortion or the insertion or both. Its been about 8 months now and I 'm making an appointment to have it removed. No one told me the truth about the side effects. I get painful cramps at any time of the month, sex drive ebbs and flows like crazy, my periods last up to 2 weeks, lot of spotting after sex, awful skin/acne, the list goes on. However, no weight gain for me. The iud is a nuisance more than anything.
I am 27 years old, average height and weight, never had kids and have been taking the pill for about 10 years. After talking with my doctor, she decided Skyla was right for me. The insertion was pretty painful. I have a decent tolerance for pain. I think I hurt more after than during. It 's like really, REALLY bad period cramps. And they are intense and last about an hour. I took two 500 mg Tylenol extra strength before and that did not help at all. Once the IUD was inserted I got weak all over and felt like I could throw up. I drove myself home very carefully (at times wanted to pass out) and took four 200 mg ibuprofen and took about an hour long nap. Once I woke up I felt like a million bucks. Not sure of how it will affect me and my body yet.
Ortho Evra was my first birth control and I have been using it for 2 years now..it works really great except it sometimes falls on the edges but this is normal.
Causes jittery hands and problems with staying asleep
I got Mirena put in about two months ago. Insertion sort of hurt, not terribly, but it did hurt.  But, it only takes a few minutes so it wasn 't a big deal. The first two or three weeks were very &quot;crampy&quot; for me. They say this happens more with women who have not ever had children (that 's me).  But, the crampy feeling went away.  Now, I don 't feel a thing and it 's all good.  I 've only had it in a short time and have had two periods extremely light, like I need about four-five tampons for the whole period and even a liner would probably be sufficient. I have lost a couple of pounds since having the Mirena, not sure if there is a correlation or not.  The only downside is I have noticed an increase in pimples.
I started this medicine for my UTI I always ate a meal with this pill I really did not experience any sickness I was on it for 7 days . I have trouble anxiety but it was not too bad but  it seemed like this medicine made me more anxious at times then on my last few days I felt a little weird at times then on my last day taking the medicine I woke up with my throat scratchy then by evening I had a fever and bad chills I didn 't take the last pill because I felt so bad my head kinda hurts too I don 't know if it 's this medicine for sure or if I 'm catching a virus
Just had my 2nd injection in the 5 part series. I noticed a major difference 7 days after the 1st injection.  I was almost 100% back to myself before the ACL and Menicus tears and the knee microfracture surgery!! I highly recommend the Supartz!! Excited to see how long I will be pain free after the 5th injection!! Hopefully it will last a few years!!
I give it a 7, then again it 's only my first month - haven 't even gotten to the period part yet. I was taking Loestrin 24 Fe for a few months to regulate my horrible periods (and now as a contraceptive) but it cost $30 so my doctor switched me to this (only $10). I do have bigger boobs, get super hungry (not just normal hunger) but haven 't gained weight. Vomited for no reason one morning, and I 'll occasionally start sobbing for no reason. Unfortunately, I lost my pack yesterday and had 3 more active pills left before the sugar pill week...so we 'll see how that goes. Overall, a pretty dependable pill.
It worked from the first day but I also had at least one episode a day of severe D I used it for 22 days and then called the manufacurer for some inputThe said D was the usual complaint  when there was a complaint and they had no recommendations except to speak to my  doctorI decided to try it every other day and have done that only for the last 4 daysThere is a slight improvement. Very slight in the D attacksI will do this for the next 3 weeks (using it every other day )  and then see what point I am at.I no longer get these terrible painful IBS C attacks where I thought I was going to die from the pain.  No more blood in the John.  The doctor told me to take the Lizness with Colace and Senna but I was afraid to do that.
I only started this medication a month ago (I happened to be PMSing at the time) and I noticed a difference right away! After my PMS I felt about the same as pre-medicines but in the next 2 weeks I started to feel like the person I used to be. I was a content, creative, smiling mommy again and I am so thankful. I was an angry monster mommy and my kids suffered but hopefully this upswing continues because I feel great, real and normal! I 'm so glad I tried this medication!
I 've been on and off birth control for over twenty years.  I went back on two years ago to help with very heavy periods and tendonitis caused by low estrogen.  I was still having break through bleeding and periods every 19 days on strong pills so I asked to be switched to the ring.  I 've been on the nuvaring for two months now.  I have not had any break through bleeding.  My period started two days after removing the ring and was very light.  Unfortunately the side effects are not great.  Bad back ache, abdominal tenderness, diarrhea, break outs along my jaw, upper back and hairline, vaginal irritation, headaches, occasional low grade fever, abdominal pain after sex, lack of energy, lack of concentration and I 'm extremely cranky.
I really like Cymbalta. It eliminates my anxiety and levels me out. What I don 't like about Cymbalta- night sweats and general muscle fatigue. I laughed when I saw that it is a treatment for hot flashes. I have been on numerous antidepressants and that is one of the main side effects.
first my dentist prescribed amoxicillin for my tooth abscess, but when I went in for the extraction, I still had it, so he prescribed this. I lost a days worth, they fell out of my pocket. But I took the rest, and I still feel it slightly. It had no side effects for me.
In my case it has slowed down the RA but it has not been a cure all.  Burns like hades for about 3-5 minuts after the injection.  Started on Orencia, then Cimzia, now  Humira.  Also on Arava as I do not tolerate MT well.
I have been taking this for over a year, recently I was late picking up my prescription and after a couple of days, I noticed the difference that it makes, it does not get rid completely of my fairly mild acne, but it stops it feeling as sore and I only have spots now around the area of my face that is particularly bad (around my mouth). I have not experienced any side effects.
I 've been on Accutane since a month and half now and honestly I don 't have much side effect except dry lips and skin (not to much) but I can see that my acne improve and I  have almost none on my forehead anymore.. It 's not 100% clear yet. I started on 10mg and every week  I increase by 10mg, so now on week five I am on 50 mg can 't wait to finish the treatment I already feel confident
I am 54 year old and postmenopausal, and have been using Estrace cream 1mg every night, for about a month for vaginal dryness. All of sudden I am experiencing itching and burning. I wonder I have an infection from this cream.
I 've only been using the ring for a while, so I feel a little too biased to give it a perfect rating.  That said, I am (so far) satisfied with this form of birth control.  I 've only experienced mild cramping since first using it (cramps while off my period), but nothing near unbearable.  No weight gain, no acne, no noticeable change in my sex-drive, etc. In fact, I was on the pill before switching to the ring.  On the pill, I had constant, heavy discharge.  Since switching to NuvaRing, the discharge has stopped!  And it is much, much easier than remembering a pill every day.  The ring does come out during intercourse, but it 's no biggie: I just rinse it in cool water and reinsert it afterward.  No complaints about this ring from me. 
Put on Xarelto 2 mos ago. for dvt in left leg.  3rd such occurrence.  Have a genetic disorder for blood clots. Only had mild headaches.  As for the stomach problem, after reading info on this drug found out it has lactose in it.  So being lactose intolerant I bought some pills for this condition, and take it before I swallow my pill.  Works fine.  No more stomach problems.  My one concern here is when I cut myself I do not bleed anymore than I did before.  So am wondering if this med is working for me.
This is my first time on any birth control. My doctor originally prescribed Yaz but after reading the reviews I decided I didn 't want to try it and asked for Ortho Tri Cyclen. The pharmacy gave me mononessa. The reviews were a bit better so I decided to give it a try. The first day I took it I was nauseas and had chest tightness and a rush of adrenaline for some reason! I don 't know what happened but I felt on top of the world! The second day was a bit better and I felt normal. I 'm on the third day now and I 'm feeling a little nauseas but mostly bloated.
Hi, I am 26 and 5 foot 5. I started taking adipex on 3/27/16. My start weight was 211. Now, only 4 days later, I have lost 10 pounds and at 201. I am excited to see what I will get to. My goal weight is 160.
I switched to the NR in September of 2014 because I was constantly bleeding with my pills.  I loved it! I did have mood swings right before my period and possible drop in libido, but I 'm not sure if it was from the NR or due to stress.  I recently have to stop NR due to it falling out. I started a new ring a week ago &amp; could not get it to stay in place, never has this happen before.  I went to the doctor and they had not explaination, so they started me on some pills.  They said I could possibly try again in a month &amp; I will.  NR is not cheap, but the company does have a coupon you can use.  If I can use it again I would.
This makes you restless after long term use. Good at controlling symptoms if you be patient with it. Ask your Dr to reduce dosage if you feel better after 3 years. Good Luck
My daughter (11 years old) had been on Vyvanse, but was still struggling and experiencing excellerated heart rate.  She was not eatting, not sleeping, and losing weight.  Greatful for the medication, but side effects were starting to be a problem.  Doctor added Intuniv 2mg on top of Vyvanse and it was great.  Seemed to offset all the negative caused by Vyvanse.
I 'm 58 and have always struggled with my weight, thyroid and other issues. I have been on Victoza for about a month and lost eight pounds. I admit much of that is because I have no appetite. That makes it easy for me to make healthy choices when I do eat. One thing that I have noticed is that Victoza definitely slows down the bowels. I think it 's imperative to up the liquid intake. Because of the bowels I think it 's difficult to really gauge the weight loss. I go down a pound and up two the next day etc. I think taking measurements or trying on an old pair of jeans is more accurate in seeing the real weight loss. I can tell my health is improving and I feel like if I 'm patient this will get me to my goal weight of 155. 32 more to go.
I suffer from recurring urinary tract infections and Macrobid has always worked fast and really well. I 've noticed after prolonged use though my body has developed a bit of an immunity to it and doesn 't work as fast anymore. Also it now gives me yeast infections so I have to try something else.
It 's ok, I 'm not suicidal anymore because of Latuda. Not too long ago I got off of Pristiq and Lamictal even tried getting off of Vyvanse, everything went downhill from there, so my psych doc decided to put me on Latuda. At first I felt restless at bedtime but now I feel super tired and sluggish, zombie like.  Also emotionless so I don 't know if I will keep taking it. I want to feel again. Right now I 've not been feeling like myself. So we will see what the doctor says.
Hey all I have been on the Evra patch for two months and am loving it. I have had breast tenderness and slight acne, no weight gain and light period with slight cramping usually have terrible cramping on my period. Hopefully it will stay light and regular. I also hate the lint stuck around the edges, it 's horrible but a small price to pay. I suppose I too alternate the patch on my pelvis and have no problems with it falling off. I put the first one on my lower back but my pants kept dragging at it and it did fall off.
I use 30 mg oxycodone three times a day.  It helps with pain and keep me motivated to keep working.  I have arthritis and Crohn 's disease.  The pills keep my pain in control and interesting the side effect is constipation and it helps control my frequent bowel movement.   This medication is knocking two issues with one stone.   Only bad thing is withdrawal if you run out and didn 't get the refill in time.  It 's not as easy as other meds that has auto refill, always have to get a paper prescription for each refill.  But the medicine really helped me for years.
I feel better after taking this medicine for 5 days. I am experiencing some dizziness and lack of appetite. I 'm not feeling as much improvement as I hoped I would by this time. Sleeping well still and no hyperactivity. I do notice lots of tenderness in my Achilles tendons on both sides. We will see after 5 more days. I got the medicine for bronchitis 500 mg for 10 days.
This is  the first BP med that actually worked to lower my blood pressure to a perfect range. But the bad thing is that I am having intense almost unbearable muscle spasms and joint pain.
I 'm 24 and had to take the prep for a colonoscopy. I was able to fairly easy get the first half down with no problem- but really struggled with the second half of the bottle. By the second bottle I was only able to get a few sips down before I threw it up (not a very pleasurable experience). I didn 't have any stomach cramping and the prep worked well in clearing out my bowles. As someone else mentioned I did have some chills after taking the prep. Luckily, I was still able to have the procedure done even after only drinking half the recommended dosage. Not a fun experience but it was overall effective! Good luck!
I started taking Zoloft about a month ago. I started with 25mg and I 'm up to 100 now. I didn 't have any side effects, and by the time I was taking for 2 weeks I felt amazing. I was really happy and I felt like I did before the anxiety and panic attacks ruined my life. It is my 2nd week on the 100mg dose, and now I don 't feel too hot anymore. I have pretty severe diarrhea and I have to urinate frequently. My body is obviously trying to get rid of this medicine. I still go to school, I now worry about having an accident there if I can 't leave the class in time. So now my anxiety is back. Also serious If not for the diarrhea, this drug would honestly get a 10. Its amazing, mostly.
It did help a lot.  I used it for several months until I just couldn 't stand the dry, grainy eyes.  I finally stopped it due to the eye problem.
Please find more information about this birth control before agreeing to get it like I did. It is not a one size fits all kind of thing. A friend of mine had it and she had no side effects and a bonus of no period. It sounded perfect but for me the side effects are not worth it. My period lasts three months at a time with cramps, head aches, and is harder to lose weight. Also if someone does get pregnant with it the baby will be developing in the wrong place and die. Since everyone 's body reacts differently there is no telling how it will be for you until you get it.. so do not get it. That 's my opinion. The pill worked better for me.
I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 5 and have been on Ritalin and Adderall throughout my entire life since then.  I know long time.  I was switched to Vyvanse and this is my first day taking it and I like it so far.  I wouldn 't call it a &quot;miracle drug&quot; for me because I have extreme ADHD but it is a lot smoother than Adderall XR I was taking prior.  I also feel more emotionally stable and have more confidence. I also take another 10 mg of Adderall around noon and another 20mg.  We will see how this medicine holds up to all this good stuff.  I am hoping forever since I will never be able to get off a stimulant medication.  But remember, if you have been on stimulants for awhile and do not take them, you will feel EXTREMELY tired and sleep all day.
Started on these at the end March. Lost 10lbs in the first three weeks, not a great deal, but I only have 2 1/2 stones to lose. Had no appetite in the first week but it has returned a little in 2nd and 3rd week. Not that much though and I 'm eating much healthier. However,just weighed myself this morning, at the end of my 4th week and I 'm gutted to find I 've only lost 1 lb. Although I did have a little bit of chocolate egg and haven 't had the chance to go on my wii fit as I usually do nearly every day. Now I 'm wondering whether I should stop the tablets for a couple of days to kick start them again. As I have read that others have done this. Only thing is I had headaches for first three days when I started them and don 't want a repeat of that.
I have tried Byetta in the past and although it worked it made me really sick.  My doctor wanted me to try Victoza when my A1C came back at 6.2. I have been on it for four days and I have noticed a big difference. I do have nausea and headache, but its been mild and I can deal with it. I no longer have the lows and highs during the day and I am not craving food at all. I hope this works over time, but I find with both of these medicines it works best when you stick to a low sugar, low carb diet and reduces indigestion.
I had suffered from panic attacks and anxiety since I was 8 years old.  It was managable until this year.  The attacks have been so severe that I cannot drive and was missing work.  I cannot take SSRI 's or any medications for that matter.  My DR. prescribed Burspar 5mg twice daily.  That actually was too much for me and I take 2.5mg twice a day and it works wonderful.  I feel the anxiety dwindle away within 1 hour of taking the pill.  I do not take it on a regular basis, only when my anxiety begins to increase.  Buspar levels me to a normal level. There is hope.
It has done the job in lowering my cholesterol within 3 months.
I am enjoying being able to pee easily day and night while taking Tamsulosin. However, I am still up 3 or 4 times a night. Experiencing more erections. 
I have been on accutane for a little over two months now. My acne was terrible before taking this. I had been on everything on the market. In the first few weeks of treatment my skin got worse, but now it is fantastic with few bumps. My skin isn 't very dry, just my lips. I play a lot of sport and experience joint and chest pain in many of my matches. I 'd rather experience little physical pain over the emotional and physical pain of having acne.
This medicine has worked wonders for me! Only problem is the weight gain - I have gained almost 40 lbs in 3 months.
Have three fingernails with a problem. Been taking the medication for 6 months now. One nail is cleared up but not the other two. Seems to help if you lightly file the top of the nail occassionally before applying. Perhaps this helps the medication penetrate the nail. That 's the whole problem with nail fungus. You 've got to get the medication to the fungus or nothing happens. My PPO plan must be good because my cost is only $40/month with the first month free. 
While the first 5 years of taking MS Contin seemed to be a better life, my tolerance increased to the point that I was taking nearly a gram a day (1,000 mg). The last 2 years have been spent getting off this medication, and I can assure you it was no cake-walk. I will never use this again, but as I said, when I needed it, it beat every other pain medication I tried hands down.
I took Ambien CR for a year and at first it worked pretty good except for a minor side effect that left a bad taste in my mouth. I didn 't let that bother me as long as I was getting my 8 hours sleep. After a year it stopped working so I tried to double my dose. Big mistake, I had to stop using it because I started sleep walking and having conversation with others without remembering anything. Ambien works but be cautious of side effects.
So I took the 4 pink pills at the clinic was feeling great that I am getting rid of this infection. 1 hour later I had ate a sandwich like 30 mins later man did I feel nauseous as if I had eaten something really greasy. I felt it in my throat, it wasn 't like I had to throw up but I had the sensation. I didn 't want to throw up cause hey I already took this pills don 't wanna ruin the effect. Then I got the sensation I had to poo bad I got diahrrea lets just hope this pills work!!! side effects caught me off guard cause this is my first time experiencing this. but hope my review helps others going through the same!
So far it 's been a lot better than I expected. I have been dreading going on hormonal birth control, but after a failed experience with my Paragard IUD, I gave Beyaz a try. I haven 't gained any weight at all- this was my biggest fear and I 'm so happy it didn 't come true. My stomach is flat and unbloated. My boobs have increased in size- they just feel nice and full but not sore! Sometimes I do feel a little blue, and my sex drive is definitely lower. My libido is at about 90% when I am with my boyfriend. My acne has gotten much worse, but they say this happens at first and then clear skin follows. Period has been light and no cramps!
I felt the need to write something because it seems like this gets several bad reviews.I will say the first few weeks were pretty bad.  Spotting and cramps but that 's it - once I got used to the hormones, it 's been smooth sailing ever since.  Expect to spot on this (like every other BC I 'd bet) but doubling-up for a few days stops that.  No mood swings and cleared up minor acne so I recommend trying it for yourself!  Everyone has different reactions, I did.
Having been told over 12 yrs ago that I had ADHD I have tried several medicines. The main one I used is Adderall 30mg twice a day. This has proven very effective. Having tried both Provigil and Nuvigil both I believe Nuvigil to be the better of the two. None of the traditional side effects of speed and Nuvigil is very clean. So much so and I know this sounds goofy but you don 't even realize it 's working until you shake your head an realize how focused, alert and clear thinking you have been.
The drug is working miraculously well to alleviate social anxiety disorder acquired by a traumatic brain injury.However, the nausea side-effect makes it almost worth quitting. Often borderline to vomiting with it.An inadvertent side effect, this drug may improve cognition. A meta-analysis of clinical trials (Rosenblat, Kakar, McIntyre, 2015) posted in PubMed found that it improved psychomotor speed by 34% (P=.0001) and delayed recall by 24% (P=0.0007).
This is my first month taking it. My skin actually looks clearer. Lost 2 lbs since starting. Periods were always painful for me but not since taking this. Hardly any pain this time. I 'm feeling lighter. I 've actually lost my appetite a little. My skin has been feeling a little &quot;crawly&quot; every now and then since starting these pills. I keep thinking a bug is on me. I 've been feeling a little more tired than usual as well so I 've started taking energy shots. As far as my mood goes, I 'm feeling slightly more aggressive. All in all, I 'm happy with the results so far. I just hope things stay this way!
I have been on Levora for 2 years, it definitely works in regards to being pregnant. My appetite has not increased to badly. I have only gained about 5 pounds. Levora seems to keep my acne in check. My periods are a lot lighter. The only problem I have is my sex drive is pretty much non-existent. It 's become such a problem that I will be switching birth controls.
&bull;  Comprehension: Before:  If you wanted me to pay attention, understand something, or even acknowledge it, you would often have to repeat it several times.  I would misread or misunderstand things more than the average person. After:  I understand most communication right away, including the emotions and attitude of the other person, which were often not even on my radar before. &bull;  Interpersonal Communication: Before:  I was very likely to interrupt others.  I wouldn 't wait for others to speak before continuing my conversation.  I came across as very harsh &amp; critical. After:  I 'm better at engaging in appropriate give-and-take in conversation.  I communicate in a much appropriate friendly tone.Dealing with adversity:Before: Even trivial matters would provoke a negative reaction, ruin my mood or trigger impulsive/disruptive behavior. I&rsquo;d get down on myself for minor mistakesAfter: Even when things don&rsquo;t go the way I like them to go, I handle things in a much more mature, measured way. When something goes wrong, I&rsquo;m more likely to laugh it off than I used to. I&rsquo;m more even keeled, less likely to fly off the handle.
I started the first pack last year, and when I got to the placebo week, I was in extreme stomach pain for a few days and got scared, so I stopped taking the pill altogether.  But this might be because of the stressful experiences I was having in life.Now, half a year later, I decided to continue the next two packs because I just started dating someone new and we don 't like condoms. No pain, it regulated my period (and it lasted only three days with light flow thankfully), but the one annoying thing was that before I started the pill again and was getting busy with the bf, I could easily get wet and aroused but after taking the pill, I experienced continuous vaginal dryness.So this pill gets a meeehh/10.
I have been using Pradaxa for a few months after years on Warfarin. It 's much easier without the weekly blood tests but I have noticed a few side effects. I have gained weight, 4kg, with the same food intake, get terrible stomach pains about once every 2 weeks, and have had increased reflux even though I take Nexium tablets. Overall the benefits outweigh the problems.
I am an industrial electrician. I work rotating 12 hours. After enough time my body got used to it and I was able to make it through the nights and not feel awful. Then I heard a commercial for Nuvigil. So I figured I would give it a try. This is not a miracle. This won 't give you special powers and a super intelligence. What it has allowed me to do was still be able to think when I couldn 't before. At 3 in the morning when a problem presents itself I need to be able to think through it. I don 't feel an energy rush like with a cup of coffee. I feel like a normal person again. I 'm able to not feel lethargic every single minute I 'm awake.
I am a addict in recovery and have been clean for 10 years, I have been prescribed Ativan for both anxiety and sleep, I am a 3rd shift worker and feel this medication can be &quot;psychological addicting&quot; so I do my best to always check my motive for taking it, I try not to take it more than 3 days in a row and (only once a day).
Been taking This medication for over 13 years responsibly!!!  It has helped tremendously to control my pain but not without side effects of not being able to sleep well ever and constant sweating 24/7.  Much safer to use than oral meds and no stomach problems.
I 've been prescribed  500 mg -the headaches are so persistent. This is day 3 of 7 and symptoms are pretty much gone but the after taste of the medicine is HORRID. So I take a lemon and bite it right before &amp; right after the pill it DEFINITELY works if anyone is as grossed out by that taste, as I am.
Initially went on 10mg Escitalopram for 6 months but besides improving my mood, it worsened my memory, made me apathetic/demotivated and gave me brain fogs all day. I then went on Duloxetine and the dosage was increased from 30mg to 120mg over the course of 7 months. Duloxetine increased my motivation, mental energy and attention without any brain fog or memory issues like from Escitalopram. But the downside is that Duloxetine started making me robotic, socially withdrawn and hinder my creative thoughts. At 120mg, it started to negatively affecting my memory so the sweet spot for me was 60 - 90mg. Wasn 't perfect but it worked better than Escitalopram for me.
I have been on this for 6 months and only have one issue with it. I gained 10 pounds after being on it for 1-2 months, but have been able to get that 10 down to 5. But no matter how healthy I eat or how much I exercise, I cannot lose that extra 5. Other than that, I have had no issues. It has not affected my mood or sex drive, and I haven 't had any headaches or anything like others have mentioned. It actually cleared up acne on my chin so I have a clear face now that the dermatologist couldn 't even clear up because chin acne is usually all hormonal. From what I 've heard, if you had an abnormal (whether it be painful or irregular) period before trying this, you should NOT take it or it will affect you. I had a very regular period before.
I started June 4 2017 at 220lb today June 22 2017 I havnt lost any weight but this is what I think: I started at 0.6ml for 1 week no change then moved up to 1.2ml for 1 week still no change. When I hit 1.8ml on the 3rd week, that 's when all the appetite was gone and the nausea (not so bad nausea) started. I remind myself to eat and when I just start eating I am already full. For me, those smaller doses were to small to take effect giving how much I weighed or maybe my immune system can 't go down so easily. I will update my review in the next 2 to 4 weeks with my weight and dosage level . If u see no effect, don 't give up maybe ur body needs time for saxenda to start working like mine
I have been on metformin for 6 years started at 500 mg per day. Now at 1,000 mg twice per day. Was holding glucose level at 135 with a A1C of 6.4 but my A1C keeps going up more at 7.2 now. Doctor said to now take glipizide 2.5 mg in addition to 2,000mg of metformin to bring A1C down. Have now been on both medicines for about two weeks. I had a very bad drop in glucose to 73 first day in a four hour span after eating. I drank juice to bring up glucose level. Next day it was worse glucose dropped to 51. Had very bad side effects, ate some jelly and 4 oz juice. Next day I decided to not take metformin with breakfast only 2.5 mg glipizide. Sugar held good for 6 hours but then dropped to 69. Ate supper early - this worked.
Works well to treat migraines but you really need to rest after taking.  I get an unpleasant burning sensation in nose, sinuses and throat, but still worth taking.  Also, the bottle is a pain in the butt to assemble - especially when you have a migraine.  I have frequent severe migraines (about 4 times a week) and this medicine is helpful although my dr. said it should not be used more than twice a week.  I am allergic to all the triptans, so this medicine has been a good alternative treatment.
I 'm 19 and have been suffering with migraines for about a year now. My GP advised me to try Relpax out as it was impacting my work life. I am on the 80mg dosage and it does work really well. I already suffer from photosensitivity and when a migraine hits, a simple phone light is unbearable. Within a couple of hours my added light sensitivity and nausea is gone and my head pains dulls down to a mild inconvenience. I am there rare case in which the side effects include jaw and neck pain. When I do take it my jaw feels like its ready to explode but after the 2 hour mark there is no more pain.I would recommend this to people who are suffers but just be weary of the side effects.
I just started this two weeks ago. I was having bad mood swings and missing periods so I was put on the pill. I have had good expierences so far. Only complaint is that my boobs hurt a lot. Like all the time. I can 't tell if they are growing or just hurting. Also I 've had some pains in my uterus but I believe it 's bc the pill is doing all that nonsense thickening the walls and all that jazz. Everything is good!!! I haven 't gotten my first period on it yet, I should next week. I 'm really hoping my PMS won 't be as bad on the pill as it was before
I started taking Zoloft a little over a week ago. At first I got really, had dizzy spells and nausea. Then I found out the doctor gave me 100mg to start and that was way too high of a dosage. I started breaking them into quarters and so far so good. Side effects since the change in dosage: I 've suffered loss of appetite, very little food makes me full. Other than that, I think it may be working, but too soon to say for now.
I was taking Zofran for awful stomach upset with nausea because one of my other medicines I was on I picked up at pharmacy was a generic new form of medication to treat pain. This new medicine made me very sick. Zofran helped out a lot plus I could take it up to four times per-day. However, I 'm also on Lexapro for depression and panic attacks. One day after 2 weeks on these meds I had severe shaking happening to me and I never felt this way before.. Come to find out taking both the Zofran and Lexapro on same day each day was high risk of a drug interaction very severe and I was having the symptoms of a bad interaction. I need to change my lexapro to another type of depression med. But, every depression med is bad with zofran.
I 've been on Saxenda for three months and the following are items I 've learned and you may find  helpful.-the very first thing you should do is register with SaxendaCare. The company has a dietitian and nurse to help you through your weight loss journey-track your eating with an app such as Myfitnesspal (note NUTRITION) -be mindful when you are feeling the side effects to decide when best to take the medication (did you know it has a full effect after 12 hours)-eat smaller meals more often, drink lots of water and limit high fat foods and sugar laced food-let your stomach finish digesting your food before going to bed because another side effect is acid reflux-meet with your doctor on a regular basis and have blood work to monitor
Overall as a birth control it did its job, me and my husband never used a back up birth control, and in the year and a half I was on it, I didn 't get pregnant. The reason I 'm only giving it an 8 is because around the time I was getting my period, I would go insane. Crying a lot...yelling, getting really angry for no reason. I had a low sex drive while I was taking it but other than that it got rid of my terrible cramps, and my acne cleared up a lot also. I just switched to Apri so we will see how that goes.
I 'm 50 years old and got started on Wellbutrin XL (generic) about 14 days ago.  Side effects are severe dry mouth and headache.  I do feel somewhat better but am holding off still on giving rave reviews.  Dry mouth is stronger during the night and then the headache comes in the morning.  My morning suicidal thoughts have lessened and I 've noticed that I am whistling more so I feel better but I still have some lethargy.
I had the Implanon inserted on the 20/12/2010 the procedure wasn 't too painful considering you 're given local anesthetic on the area of your arm. I felt a slight sting (like a wasp/bee sting). I was on the first day of my period when it was inserted. The day after my period stopped however roughly a week later, it came on again and I had a period for 3 weeks.Once my period had stopped I didn 't have another period until the 17/03/2011. I 'm still on and not too pleased. This is a known side effect within the first 6 months-1 year.  I 've had no other side effects. No weight gain, acne, illness, aches and pains etc. So other than the random bleeding, I 'm very happy with my implant.
The vet gave this antibiotic to my mastiff when she suddenly had welts raise up all over. He thought she have been stung or had some other type of introduced infection. So far so good, but it seem to give her a bit of urinary incontinence. She has had that before whenever she takes any antibiotic. She is taking other medicine too, so it is hard to say which one is helping or causing the side effect.
I 've been using Aldara cream for 2 weeks now and at first thought I was lucky as j had no side effects however the past 4 days have been awful. The cream has left me bed stricken with back pain chest pain and nausea, even my eyes ache. I have no appetite and I 'm constantly dizzy. I had to bathe in salt water after scratching myself raw in my sleep I couldn 't even wipe after a wee. However the warts do seem to be going away, try and take lysine capsules aswell. I am lucky to be in the uk where the cream is free for me I 'm just hoping I have the will power to finish the course P.s don 't have sex the itching after is unbearable
Great birth control that was easy convenient. All I did was just put it in for three weeks, forget about it, and then take it out after the three weeks is up. Sometimes I would have to take it out during sex, although other than that I did not experience any discomfort or it slipping out. This birth control did not make me gain any weight except for my boobs. I did experience vaginal dryness and extreme decrease in my sex drive, which really made sex unpleasurable at times. This birth control made me extremely tired all the time. I would just sleep for hours on and had little to no energy. I am currently off this bc due to that side effect. Caused me to have cystic acne after 5 months.
In 2016, 8 weeks of Harvoni cured my Hepatitis C - I must note that I did have a low viral load;  the issue with Harvoni is that during my last week of on Harvoni,  I noticed some slight swelling of my hands and within the next few weeks the swelling became worse; I developed a lump on my forearm (later diagnosed a a rheumatoid nodule) and my eye sight became progressively worse  - my hepatitis c was cured but  my quality of life deteriorated - ANA was negative but rheumatoid factor was high and I could no linger hold a cup; pain, swelling of hands &amp; developed a pilot cataract with my eye sight tested at  being 300/20; I firmly believe these developments are directly related to Harvoni - I know I am not the only person this has happened too
I started plucking out my eyebrows when I was 14 (15 years ago) and when I was about 17,they completely stopped growing back! I have been contemplating getting my eyebrows tattooed for a while now. About 3 weeks ago, I started reading reviews and advice about Minoxidil and if it might actually help me after this many years. I decided, what the heck, it can 't hurt! I bought Equate Minoxidil 5% (for men) and I 've been really strict on my routine. After about a week, I thought my mind was playing tricks on me bc I started seeing very fine tiny blonde hairs growing. Then,after the second week, I definitely saw them growing! I 'm so stoked and I highly recommend Minoxidil(generic is just as good as Rogaine). :-)
I have had cyclic vomiting syndrome (CVS) for 15 years or so. CVS started when I was about 18-19 years old. I have been &quot;sick&quot; at least 2 days per week, this whole time, sometimes 7 days per week I 'm sick, but never just 1 day. ER visits, IV meds, week long hospital stays, and doctors literally worldwide scratching there heads trying to figure out what was wrong with me. I settled into the fact that I was destined to be sick and that it was going to kill me. At 33, I FINALLY got the diagnosis of CVS and have been prescribed 50mg amitriptyline, and I have slowly been improving. I have gained weight, and sleep 10hrs nightly, only side effects so far, so I 'll take it! Been 6 months,I 'm down to 4-6 sick days per month, so it 's working!
This drug definitely works. Covered in acne before starting the medicine, it only took 4 months and I am now acne free. But although it worked very well, many of the side affects are awful. Dry skin is bearable, but as an athlete, the joint pains made playing my sports very difficult. But worst of all was the depression. After about the first month, the depression hit and I rarely went a day without considering suicide for the next 3 months. It may work, but if you are going to use this medicine, be aware of some of the devastating side effects.
I was prescribed Concerta to offset the drowsiness from the Abilify I take in conjunction with Lexapro. I have suffered from major depression since I was about 19 and have been on every SSRI on the market as well as Wellbutrin to treat my depression, and nothing has helped me more than Concerta. I only take 18mg twice a day (I 'm 34) and while the anti-depressants make me lethargic and were causing my work to suffer, the Concerta has been a real lifesaver. I 've only been on it a few months and haven 't really suffered from any negative side effects (haven 't really lost any weight yet), and am planning on discussing discontinuing the Lexapro and Abilify with my psychiatrist since the Concerta has had such a positive impact on my depression.
My disclaimer is: Valium is highly effective in treating stress and anxiety reactions. It has a wide therapeutic index. It is sometimes overly affective thus why people abuse it. If you do; I can promise the effects will be life damaging. When taken responsibly (usually a few times a week as needed) it is safe &amp; a godsend for those crippled with anxiety. I had no side effects.
Been on Junel FE for about 8 years now. Never really had any problems with it, except that once I gained some weight its a lot harder to lose while on the pill. I didn 't have any negative side effects, except a lower libido which has never really bothered me. But for the last couple months my periods have been way out of whack. Last month I had 3 periods, this month I missed my scheduled period...not really sure what 's going on here but I haven 't missed taking any pills. I 'm thinking about going off the pill now which is what brought me here, but I 'm worried that it will make me gain weight and get acne again.
I have been on a few antidepressants for 11 years with only fair results. My Doctor started me on some Seroquel XR 200mg at bedtime over the last few weeks. This medication not only has helped me with the terrible side effects when you come off many of the typical SSRI but I am sleeping and my depression has improved from a 2 out of 10 to 7 out of ten. Sometimes, SSRI medication side effects are stated as minor but they can be very severe at times. More Doctors should know about Seroquel XR and the great results when stopping antidepressants.
I have had depression forever and after failed SSRIs mania started to occur. Luckily I was already seeing a psychiatrist he tried me on Seroquel which made me way too sleepy and then Lithium which stopped both mania and depression. Although it doesn 't cure bipolar so I still have manic and depressive episodes during stressful times but they are much more minor now I 'm on Lithium. Only side effects are tremors for me but they are fairly minor.
I have suffered from acne since I can remember! I 'm now 16 and it 's hopefully starting to go forever. I 've tried so many different types of diets, creams, pills and anything that might help my acne. I have been on roacutane which was AMAZING.. But my acne sadly came crawling right back. I left it a few years till I finally went back to the dermatologist and they put me on doxycycline. At first my skin cleared up right away then I started to get a few blemishes here and there but my skin is definitely way better than it used to be and I really recommend doxycycline if you don 't want to go on very harsh treatments like roacutane. I 'm also using differin cream and originally used the gel but that was too harsh so I changed to the cream.
Recently I had replaced my Implanon with the second. While insertion I got an infection. On the first Implanon I had NO problems whatsoever. It did not hurt and never had any side effects. I have had more problems then ever with this second one. I have had two infections since December 2012. I am on my second antibiotic now. As much as I hate to think about it, if this does not clear up after this cycle I will be forced to remove it. Despite the infections I love the Implanon, the convenience and my insurance took care of everything!
I had a slight yeast infection. Caught it early &amp; decided to knock it out with the 1 day treatment. I have a hard time reading small print but wanted relief so bad I figured it couldnt be worse than the YI symptoms. Itching is now intense internally and I have been in tears on several occasions. I think I am on the verge of it burning (probably because I am having a very hard time not wiping an extra time or 2 to scratch this intense itch). This is day 3. Glad I read these reviews so I understand it is common just wish I would have read them BEFORE I spent the extra money. I was expecting faster results. Dont think its Monistats fault that people didnt read the fine print. People doing reviews should think about that before rating a product
I was taking Benicar 40 mg for a couple of months.  I stopped taking it when I had a cold and the BP went up again. Is this normal?
I had taken this medication last year while in the hospital (I don 't remember what for) and was given pudding to mask the taste since it caused me to gag terribly. I found that trick to work this time as well. I had bv and was able to get an emergency appointment with my gynecologist. She prescribed this medication for me and it worked very well. I did not drink at all and took it every 12 hours as directed. I hope no one goes through this, but it is bound to happen. If you happen to get bv, please follow your doctor 's instructions!
Methadone/Methadose has been a life saver for me, also. It 's affordable for us that have no health insurance of any kind. It does allow me to work, part time again. I can do what I need to around the house again. It 's not all-inclusive in taking away pain, but does work pretty good especially for the chronic pain I have and apparently will have for the rest of my life, as no Ortho MD considers me a candidate for the surgery I need to repair my shoulder/rotator cuff (a &quot;reverse total shoulder repair&quot;) since I have osteopenia; even though I am on Fosamax to stop its progression. 
I have been taking Topamax for 2 years now after trying many different medications.  Yes I got some of the side effect mainly thought process was slow and word confusion that was real frustrating it is worse under stress.  The all over tingling is not as bad anymore but not have headaches every day, you have to weigh you options.
My daughter (6 yrs old) began on Focalin (10 MG) a month ago.  We noticed she suffered from no ill side effects; rather she became more &quot;in tune&quot; with others feelings and emotions, slept even more soundly at night, and did not have a loss of appetite. Unfortunately, it did not stay in her system long enough to get her through school and homework so her Doctor adjusted her dose (20 MG). Now she is loving it!  For the first time, she is receiving high marks on her behavior at school, is able to communicate better with her friends, and (in her words) &quot;stay focused and in control&quot;. The beauty of this, it leaves her system after about 10 hrs (she takes it at 7 am) and we are able to practice behavior modification procedures at home with her.
It definitely works.  But it is an intense stimulant and will keep you up all night.  I would take one in the morning and that 's it.
I 've had nasty, thick, crusty toe nails my whole life and was always too afraid to take the pill for it. I got over it when my toenail started turning black! I have three weeks left of a 3-month course of terbinafine and I 'm impressed. The side effects are scary when you read about them, however, I experienced none other than initial anxiety about taking them. I 've done my two liver panels and have been fine. Didn 't notice much change in the toe nails until now - one of my toe nails has been thick and crusty since I was a little girl and tonight I noticed a little sliver of healthy nail coming through. Feels like a miracle! Stick with this - it sounds like a scary medication but if you do your liver testing, you 'll be fine.
This drug, the first time I took it, caused my jaw to clench and grind uncontrollably. However, it made me feel VERY good and I have just started to take it routinely (100Mg). Hopefully, it will continue to keep me happy, especially since I 'm a freshman in college.
I was prescribed a high dose of Estarylla. Prior to starting the BC, within four months my cycle had gone from normal (3-5 days) to extremely heavy and non stop for two days.  I knew because of the high dose I would experience severe side effects which I hoped would eventually go away once my body adjusted... And,  they are. First month on BC- big painful blemishes, extremely bloated and nauseated.Second month on BC- clear skin, hardly have an appetite, still somewhat nauseated. I think my third month will be better!
Took this medication for two years for depression. Didn 't do much to help lift or regulate my moods, but didn 't cause insomnia or nightmares. Taking this medicine on an empty stomach resulted in nausea, cramps, and vomiting. Make sure to eat breakfast if you 're taking it in the morning.
I have been taking Nuvigil for over a year. I 'm on 250mg I have had no side effects. It only seems to last a few hours for me. Does anyone have any ideas?
Been on Elavil 20 mg for 6 months for migraine prevention, at first felt really loopy and actually stopped taking them after first dose, did not like feeling like that. But my doc urged me to try them and my migraines are down from 6-8 a month to 1-2 a month, so far so good.
I have used Crestor for over one year and find it to be an excellent drug for my condition. I was using Lipitor which, gave me muscle pain as a side effect.
I got Nexplanon back in February and at first I was very emotional.  Was sad about everything.  But it lasted only a month.  After that, I spotted a couple times but nothing heavy, painful or long-lasting.  During that time I also got bad acne on my face which I never had a problem with before.  That was the most embarassing part and lasted a few months.  I called my doctor and they told me to stick it out because side-effects should calm down at the 6 month mark.  I also gained about 15 pounds but that was ok with me because I am super skinny and needed it!  So for about 3 months now, it 's been great!  No mood swings, no cramps, no period, acne cleared up.  Just remember it reacts to everyone differently.
Experiencing a little nausea.  It seems since I started this medication 1 week ago I can no longer stomach coffee.  My Dr. is weaning me off zoloft.  Zoloft zapped my energy after 3 years.  Dreams are vivid but sleep is good.  I am experiencing nocturnal erections again and my libido has increased.
I lost my 16 year old daughter in a tragic car accident four months ago. They first had me on lexapro, then remeron, and neither did anything for me, except the remeron did make me suicidial. My Doc told me to try Cymbalta 30 mg. It was a life saver, literally. I was ready to kill myself, I had enough pain and didn 't want to feel that daily pain of losing my daughter. My Doc just increased my Cymbalta to 60 mg, I 'm very excited about this. I have not noticed it helping the panic or the anxiety, it def has helped my mind and my body constantly from hurting due to depression. This medicine truly saved my life. I 'll never be me again, but this medicine has got me back to the closest old me. Thankful for Cymbalta!
With no medicines I am the world 's laziest housekeeper - no kidding.  With Ritalin, I am still that, but I do very well at work.  I tried Adderall because it was cheaper and it didn 't help my concentration at work, but I painted the floor and the ENTIRE inside of my house, a complete renovation - needed no sleep, almost at all.  While it 's great to be so productive, physically, I have to try something else, because I feel like I 'm on full throttle.
I 've been suffering from sweaty palms and feet since I was really little, but now at 15, it has really started to impact my life. As a child, I thought it was normal to have clammy hands and feet  but as I hit puberty it got very excessive and my armpits started to sweat heavily as well. It never really bothered me until high school ,as people would make remarks which hurt me as I couldn 't help it. It was embarassing and made me constantly self conscious. I started taking lyrinel 1 week ago and I sweat like a normal person! My hands and feet are dry, unless I 'm clenching them for a long time, they 'll get a bit clammy. My pits barely sweat. This stuff is a life saver , although it makes me drowsy sometimes and gives me a dry throat.
I have used Neurontin for more than 15 years. I have discovered that it is a great ongoing sleep therapy. The added sleep it grants me is a fantastic help with the neuropathy.
Seems to work.
I was on Depakote for 1 year following 3 Grand Mal seizures that had been brought on by starting fluoxetine.  Fluoxetine, and most SSRIs, carry the risk of seizures.  They hit me hard and without warning, so I was on Depakote for a year after the final seizure and after stopping fluoxetine.  It does what it is supposed to do.  I had no more seizures; however, I gained over 20 lbs quickly.  The weight came back off once I was off the Depakote, but you will most likely put on weight with this medication.
Ive had every sleeping medicine, even test drugs, thats legal where I am but only ambien has let me sleep. Ive been on ambien for about 3 years now. I take it because my autonomic nervous system doesnt work properly and my adrenaline wont shut of to let me sleep. Though ambien is the only thing that lets me sleep, it does give me weird trips or hallucinations sometimes. Which I have been told isnt a good thing and you should stop if you hallucinate or have a bad trip, but I 'm on 10mg of ambien and I fall asleep 80% of the time so thanks ambien.
Suffered urge incontinence for over 40 years. Now 77. Pelvic floor exercises as advised by G.P. did not work and incontinence (mild) and frequency especially at night was an increasing problem. Saw consultant who prescribed Solifenacin and the improvement after a month is good- get up once a night instead of 3-4 times so sleep better. Problem is side effects! Dry mouth and nasal passage not really a problem but blurred vision and  being dazzled by bright sun, car headlights when driving, plus some cognitive deterioration and constipation is proving a bit of a worry. Not sure if I will carry on long term.
I have been taking it for 2 weeks now.  I do believe it 's helping me. I will post again in about 6 weeks.  Typically, I get a rush of heat over me a few times a day leaving me with a drenched help and droplets of sweat on face head, neck.Now, so far so good.
Worked well. Some scaring on nose.  However I have to use it again.  So we will see.
I have been on 800mg of Nexavar for thyroid cancer since 6-15-2011. Have had issues with the hand/foot blisters, thinning of hair, and diarrhea and blood pressure. My Oncologist has had me back off the pills several times to try and alleviate some of the blisters, but am off work and decided to just deal with it while off. As of 7-30-2011 the blisters have stopped, but I deal with the peeling and re-peeling of my skin. On blood pressure medicines now and have pills for the diarhea. No appetite loss, and thankfully no nausea. A visual inspection from my Oncologist approx. 1 month after beginning the treatment determined that the pills may be shrinking some of my tumors.
Very good response with pain and stiffness. Added to fibro-fog. This has been very well tolerated with nothing more than a little itching when ready for next dose. A little sleepy late afternoon, I have sensitivities to MANY medicines with weird side effects. I have had nothing but good experience with gabapentin! I would recommend this.
During unprotected sexual intercourse he fully  ejaculated inside of me (I guess on accident, I 'm not even sure.) But I did not want a kid at all so he offered to get me the pill so about 43 hours later I took aftera which I was kind of worried because it was the off brand but I took it anyway and about a week later I have bleeding for 4 days (not my period) and ever since then I had very bad symptoms including cramps, back pains, headaches and much more I always felt tired and was very moody but needless to say about 13 days late I ended up getting my period! This pill worked for me but I am pretty sure it has a lot to do with the fact that all this happened right when my last period ended so I was for sure not ovulating. But don 't worry!
I am currently taking this medication for moderate pain reduction. I hurt my wrist by falling on concrete stairs. It does reduce the pain and works very well. The only downside is stomach upset, nausea, and extreme sleepiness. I do not have any kind of narcotic tolerance. This medicine is for minor to moderate relief of pain, and should be used as such. This medicine in my book scores a 8 out of 10 points for managing moderate pain. Highly recommend.
I have been using the product for 2 1/2 months I weighed 267 and now I weigh 242 losing a total of 25 lbs so far. This product helped to lower my blood pressure and give me a boost. Some side affects were insomnia the first week but that went away and dry mouth. My doctor advised me reduce my calorie intake to 1200 ( don 't stay consistently below or your hair will fall out) and exercise 5 days a week ... I hope to lose at least  67lbs total
Having read all reviews onsite I went ahead and had my Implanon inserted a week ago. Yes its early days and this is reflected in the rating above for now as a new user. But I feel its important to let others know my experience so far. It was inserted without any trouble by my GP, and with the local anesthetic I didn 't even feel a thing. When this wore off yes my arm is bruised and was very sore for the first 48 hours but it is slowly getting back to normal now. At present I have very mild headaches on and off, and lower back pain, but not enough to need to take anything to ease it. So all I am saying is when you are putting hormone into your body yes it will clearly take a while to settle down.
I live in chronic pain. Although I am on another opioid that is the primary care taker of pain, Vicodan ES has been essential in keeping me functional during the day when pain breaks through and pounds me into the dirt. It is excellent in stopping the breakthrough pain, and although I have been on it on a regular basis for 2 years, when and if I should run out, I do not have withdrawal reactions. I have been foolish enough to just not take the medication when needed due to fear of addiction; however, this is not wise. The &quot;pain cycle&quot; is a cycle you deal with using prudence. Bottom line is if you are hurting and are experiencing undue duress, take the prescribed medication and remain comfortable.
I was prescribed this medication because of the extreme stresses associated with a chronic disabling disease called relapsing polychondritis. It has destroyed all of my joints, cervical spine damage, ataxia, and the loss of everything in my life that I had worked 30 years to obtain. All gone. I am the type of person who is more angry, agitated, infuriated, by the effects of this condition than I am sad or depressed about it. I was also in chronic pain daily too since May of 2012. NO painkillers would help this type of pains. I can NOT take methotrexate, DMARDs, biologics, only prednisone, a great diet, and an occasional NSAID. Then my Doc gave me this. I am so happy at this moment (not) to feel the burning sensations, squeezing, aching, pain.
I 've always been a sufferer of chronic constipation.  Thought that Amitiza would be my miracle pill. Here are my pros and cons:Pro - When I actually go, I REALLY go. I 'm not feeling left bloated and cramped. Con - I 'm usually nauseous for about an hour after taking my pills. I 'm not able to go on my own. I have to use a Fleet to get things going.
I have been on Falmina for about 4 months now and at first I was severely hormonal. I went through a little depression period while on it and had anger outbursts but after the second pack they subsided. My periods before I was on it were very painful because of severe cramps. But Falmina has stopped the cramping and has made my periods very short. The thing I dont necessarily like is I have spotting around the 3rd row of the pill almost a week before I am supposed to get my period, which is annoying. My appetite has increased a bunch but good diet and exercise is a part of my daily life so I have actually lost weight on the pill. My boyfriend and I have been sexually active and don 't use condoms or Use withdrawal method and I haven 't gotten prego!
I 've never had BV before, so when I got this medication I was relieved thinking it 'll be gone in no time. Well I was fine the first day I took it, with slight nausea. Second day I felt more nauseated. This is my third day and this morning when I took it... I was soooo dizzy heading to my classes I thought I was going to pass out. I also felt so sick from the time I got up and worsened after I took the medication. I have been shaky all day, still feel sick and dizzy. I also have this awful taste in my mouth along with a dry mouth. I am going to continue to take it because it seems to help but it 's either too strong for me or I am just one unlucky gal that gets the side effects.
Reduces the pain in my feet and legs due to diabetic neuropathy. Been on it for a little over one year.
I love this product! I have been sweating for years now and was too embarrassed to mention it to my doctor but finally, after ruining all of my closed, I asked her what to do. It works so great but I get the itching/ burning that other people have said. That 's my only problem with the product but it is worth it! 
I have been taking Celexa for 4 years.  All of a sudden, it stopped working and I spent 4 days feeling like I didn 't want to live any more.  I had no idea that my body could build up an immunity and it simply would stop working. 
I take Vistaril for anxiety and it helps a lot. It does make me tired, but that 's okay because I also have trouble sleeping due to the anxiety.
In just six weeks Zyprexa has me balanced. My mood swings are virtually non existent and I can do the things that I enjoy and thoughts were gone forever.
It has done the job in lowering my cholesterol within 3 months.
Had my endo and colonoscopy at 730am. Started taking first dose at 730pm night before. It took an hour to work with a bit of cramping nausea. It kept working for the next three hours. Took second dose at 2am. Almost vomited due to nausea and spent the next couple hours at the restroom. Second dose works faster. The hardest part is taking so much water within the hour.  For those like that are worried about the actual procedure or sedation. Don 't be ...the procedure is the easiest. Good luck to everyone.
I was just reading about this lady that said she had to change medication because of drug test 's at her work. Well if you have a perscription from your doctor you don 't have to worry about the results of the screening. Take it from the horses mouth,,,,mine.
My 6 year old son is on the 1mg for his short attention issues. He does complain sometimes about the tummy ache but it goes away. I have seen a big difference in his school work and his able to stay focus.  How ever I have to try other meds because my insurance will not pay for the medication. they feel as  if its to expensive.
I have found Contrave to be a truly effective and exciting medication.  I don 't have cravings.  I can walk right past cookies, donuts, pies, whatever at work and not feel like I 've missed a thing.  I only get really hungry when I have skipped a meal or forgotten to eat.  As for side effects, I had some mild nausea at first and I still have what has been described by some as &quot;flushing&quot; - I get very hot in the mornings and sweat profusely for a while.  I lost 20 pounds from the middle of April until the middle of July.  I have not exercised at all but my energy level is definitely up.  I am so happy my doctor prescribed this drug for me!
I took Provigil for 6 months with varying doses (100-300mg/day). It only took about 20-30 minutes to kick in and lasted roughly 7 hours. It gave me an incredibly high level of alertness. I also have mild cataplexy and sleep paralyzation, and it seemed to help keep both of these under control. However, it also gave me very bad nausea and an even worse headache. When the medicine wore off, my body reacted by immediately having a strong &quot;sleep attack&quot;. If I didn 't take my next dose before the first had worn off, the second didn 't seem to work. Also, my urine smelled strange and the smell got even stronger when I drank more water. This stopped as soon as I changed my medication to Adderall.
I got my birth control in August 2015. After getting the Nexplanon, my period was non stop until just about 2months ago. It 's light bleeding and very easy to deal with. However I am so sensitive and its hard dealing with it. I get mood swings and sometimes horrible episodes of anxiety/depression. My arm has been hurting recently and I 'm due to et it taken out in 4 days. I will be going on oral birth control. One of the pros I realized with my implant is I have not experienced any serious weight gain!
I have been drinking heavily for the past couple of years now, and on most occasions 7 days a week. This was built up of a number of things, but the one thing I blamed the most was the stress at work. After speaking to my psychiatrist, and explained to him the level of drinking I was consuming, he suggested I use Campral. I was drinking approximately 2-3 bottles of either white or red wine each afternoon after work, and smoking about 20 ciggies during this time, however as of 6 days ago I have only drank once,(No smokes) and Campral seems to be working. For me it just help the slow down the urge to drink as frequently. If you do decide to drink while on Campral, look out for the hangover, it somehow makes you feel worse 10 fold.
So I 've been using Victoza for 3 weeks now and I 've lost about 3.5KG so far which is like a kilo a week roughly. Only experienced nausea on the second day and when I increased my dosage to 1.2mg. It also has helped suppress my appetite and stop me from eating out of boredom. I was wondering if anyone has noticed a change in their mood. I feel lazy, sluggish, not motivated and just overall blah feeling (more than usual) my sister is the same too and she 's also using victoza. I just find it hard to judge if it 's the medication or just because I 'm bored of being at home for the summer
I had terrible stomach/esophagial and mid back pain.  After a endoscopic procedure, I was found to have GERD, Barrett 's esophagus &amp; a small hiatial hernia.  The Carafate &amp; Dexilant worked well to calm down the esophagitis pain/spasms/inflammation.  The Barrett 's esophagus was detected using pathology and even though it was a very mild case, it is a serious disease and I will need a EGD performed yearly.  The Dexilant has worked wonders also. The two medicines are working well together. I have not had any side effects from the Carafate.  I take 1/2 to 1 tablet, as needed, up to 4 times/day. I chew it up and swallow with a small sip of water or you can dissolve it in water and drink it. Coats the stomach quicker. I have used it for 6 months.
I took chantix for 2 months, was very sick and very sleepy on it, but it worked. I have been smoke free for 13 weeks now, although I do still have strong cravings a few times a day. My biggest concern is that since going off of the chantix, I became very depressed, and started getting suicidal thoughts alot. Now I am on anti-depressants and anti-anxiety meds, which I had never needed before. My doctor thinks maybe I was borderline depressesd and that the chantix  pushed it over the edge.
I received the implant around March 2016. The first few months my periods lasted 10 or more days. Each period was between light to moderate flow. After about 4 months it began to even out to 6 days each period. Before the implant I have had cramps and sever back pain with each delightful time of the month, before I had no problems with my cycle but now it is unpredictable. The implant hasn 't improved the cramps and back pain but overall the effects of the implant is better than being pregnant. I am sexually active with one partner and with the implant I don 't have to worry about getting pregnant.
I was given this medication for anxiety. It didn 't help directly with the anxiety - but it greatly relieved the cause of the anxiety, which was the intense pain I was experiencing. The pain wasn 't home, but it was bearable. The pain relief from an anti-depressant was the clue I needed to work out the cause of the pain - fibromyalgia - and get a diagnosis. Side effects for me were being &quot;hung over&quot; in the morning, and after a year or so of taking it, I started getting depression. I also did feel &quot;numb&quot; emotionally on it. I suspect I got the side effect of depression because my brain was actually healing; when I quit the medication, I no longer had high levels of pain (though some pain did return after quitting this med, but manageable).
I am currently on 4 mg of Medrol daily for approximately 1 year and a half for what doctors thought was inflammatory arthritis.  Wrong.  I contracted chicken pox at the age of 50 yes I never had the chicken pox as a child.  Advice, if you are one of the unlucky few that did not have chicken pox as a child.  Run to your doctor and demand the vaccine.  I contracted chicken pox while on cortisone - not good.  I ended up in the hospital with a crashed thyroid, mild adrenal crisis.  And most likely cytomegalovirus infection.
I got the Skyla put in about three weeks ago. I made my appointment before work thinking I would just have some mild cramping (I can take pain). Nope. It was all good until the doctor got to my uterus. I 'm 19 with no kids, and this was the most uncomfortable pain in my life. I could barely stay still and I was screaming on the table. When he was finally done I went pale and felt like I was going to pass out, doubled over with the worst abdominal pain ever. He got me ibuprofen but that did nothing. I had to make an emergency call out to work and I had to stay in the office for at least 45 mins. Could barely drive home and horrible cramps at least 5 hrs after. Now I just take ibuprofen some days I have cramps some days I don 't.
I have spinal stenosis and take Vicodin 7.5/500 6-8 times a day it has taken the pain away. No side effects. Doctor says it will make me sleepy but I find is it keeps me awake. Been on it for 3 years and it 's the only thing that lets me live a pain free day.
I 've been on 10mg Celexa for over 11 weeks. Started on 10 mg for a week  then 20 mg for a week. Side effects on 20 mg: headaches, confusion, constipation. Now on 10 mg for the balance of Celexa experience. I weigh 162 (lost 5 lbs.) and am 71 yrs.I stopped alcohol (2-3 oz. per night 7 days a week); which may have caused some side effects with the 20 mg and not the cause of Celexa. I still have some headaches, constipation and that 's it on side effects.My depression (clinically defined as down, sleep 10  hrs., not much interest in Life, more) has lifted. I may continue to use Celexa and no alcohol for Life, as I have been depressed numerous times. I was primary health caretaker for my chronically ill wife for 11 yrs. She died 12-10-10.
I have been on this medicine at varying doses. I 'm taking 30 mg now. I 've suffered bouts of depression and anxiety for many years. When I started this medicine I did the starter pack and thought it was great until day 4 of the 40mg. Had hallucinations while driving and luckily I was close to home. Passed out at home and had vivid dreams in a semiconscious state for about 7 hours, Called doctor and he said drop back down to 20. I have made a couple of attempts to move the dose up as it doesn 't seem to be enough at 20. I 've been hospitalized once with serotonin syndrome on day 21 of the 40mg. Brain zaps are the worst! Heat on top of my head is bad. Miss a dose even by a couple hours and anger and crying BAD. I am not happy with it now and plan to get off it.
I had a Paragard for about 9 1/2 months. For the first six months it was great-no hormones, no issues. Other than intense random cramping, I was extremely happy. Then at about 6 1/2 months in I started spotting randomly every day and it did not end until my ParaGard expelled itself at 9 1/2 months. It was also after six months that I experienced cramps and backaches so severe that at times I had to use a heating pad for my back. The backaches were the worst-they made me vomit at times. My OBGYN said the spotting and cramping were normal, but after six months they seemed to just get worse. Honestly, I was happy when my IUD expelled-I was already done with it after spotting nonstop for three months.
Given this drug to my mother 44, after an hour taking 50mg she admitted 70 to 80% relieve in her migraine but weakness whole day long but after two days symptoms reappeared so now giving her tricyclic antidepressant 10 mg at bed time only for a month now she feels better
So I bought the 3 day medication. FI rat night was the worst, I felt like my vagina was on fire and could not sleep. But the next day I felt so much better ! &amp; the second time using it isn 't even half as bad. Honestly, if you can get through the first night you can do it. And it really works ! I 'm pleased :)
I 've suffered from lower lumbar pain for the last few months, complicated by sciatica.  Took my first 5mg does last night, no more leg/butt spasms and finally slept like a baby...  My GP recomended to only take it for 7 days, so i hope thats enough to help get my leg somewhat back to normal - along with a regular stretching routine (which i struggled with even after weeks of physo). Found the messages below very informative, good luck to all
Made a significant positive difference in post-menopause symptoms.  However, substantial side effects, worst off which is facial edema with distortion to facial features.  Tested this by stopping the med several times to clear it from system and when did this, edema disappeared but reappeared once resume the drug.  Also, strong hot flashes and sweating.  No weight gain.
I 've been on NR for about three weeks and I just took it out. The very first side effect I noticed was acne. I 've never had acne before until I started this. My face was covered! I had brown discharge after the first week, which I know was normal, but I occasionally got this foul smell and more discharge. It hurt too much to have it in during intercourse and it bothered my boyfriend too, it never stayed in good, I could always feel it at the opening of my vagina, but what made me take it out is the itchiness and burning feeling I get from it!! I couldn 't take it. Honestly I felt gross the whole time having something inside of me all the time.
My husband is diabetic and takes Victoza. He has lost a substantial amount of weight since he has been on it and he eats CONSTANTLY!  We have had to buy him a whole new wardrobe.  I went to the Doc last week and I am pre-diabetic and have been on Metformin for about a year.  The Doc suggested I take Victoza to help me lose weight and bump my A1C on down. I started out at 1.2 mg dose and so far I just feel a little nausea when my blood sugar drops. I just eat a little something or pop a hard candy into my mouth and the feeling goes away.  I have only been taking the shot for 4 days but I have already lost 3lbs. I will check back after a few weeks with an update.
So I have been constipated since I was an infant. Only the colonoscopy bowel preps would ever give me a full bowl movement.. I would drink that magnesium citrate when I got to bloated and uncomfortable. My GI dr gave me some Linzess samples to try. I used Miralax at night and Linzess in the morning. On the first day, my body was shocked and my bowels ejected lol... the second day I was constipated again. Third day, small bowel movement. I am hoping it will help with my abdominal pain and bloat and I am sick of being in constant pain and discomfort.
I have been taking Seasonale for almost 3 years now. I 'm 21 &amp; pretty healthy. When I started, I had breakthrough bleeding for about 3 weeks and a little nausea. Before Seasonale, I had 8 day heavy periods and would get pretty bad cramping. With this pill, I have a very light period once every 3 months, no cramping at all and no other symptoms. I have had no weight gain, rarely any breast tenderness and it prevents pregnancy, so I can 't complain too much. My ONLY problem with this pill is that it gives me acne in waves. I 'll go a month with very little acne, then for a few months have lots of breakouts, some of them painful. I never had any acne prior to taking the pill, but now I do.. Otherwise, I highly recommend this pill
Been on this medicine for a month and had lots of trouble. Had palpitations and heart hurts. High blood pressure and don 't know if I should stop taking this drug. Lost 20 pounds already.
I began Contrave on March 23 2017, So three weeks now. I have just started the 2 dose in am and 2 dose in pm. I have to admit I was very excited to try this. However, the first week I had a lot of anxiety. I had read this might be a side affect so I continued to tell myself &quot;It 's just the medicine&quot; I have lost 11 pounds in 3 weeks with no exercise. As the dose got stronger my anxiety grew, but my appetite decreased. After a week on the increased dosage the anxiety started to fade I hope it will be the same this time. The product works. If you can keep a level head, and realize the side effects will diminish. This might work for you as well. I am excited to see where I will be after a month on the full dose.
I do not tolerate birth control pills as a general rule and I found Yaz extremely tolerable. I didn 't have any side effects on it to start with it helped my heavy menstrual bleeding and as an added bonus my skin was much clearer. I was only on it a short time, however, because it did cause an increase in the severity and frequency of my migraines. I had the worst complex migraine I have ever had while on this medication. I would recommend it for the most part, but maybe not for migraine sufferers.
I had a difficult 2nd pregnancy and got this form of birth control on 7/27/16. The procedure was a little uncomfortable with very mild cramps but nothing I couldn 't handle, I actually thought it was going to be worse based on reviews. I spotted for a few days and I 'm fine 3 days later. I haven 't had sex yet and have not had a period yet so I cannot say anything on that yet and the reason I 'm rating it an 8. I will leave another review after.
I take it for chronic back &amp; foot pain. I had been taking OxyContin ER, but insurance isn 't covering that anymore. I am not a fan of short-acting meds, trying to stay on top of pain with them.  MS Contin seems to be working only slightly less effectively as the OxyContin ER. More dry mouth, less sedating tho. Both seem about equal on other side effects. I 'm happy with it!
I was having panic attacks all the time which morphed into a stressful state of depression. Yes, I was falling apart. I 'd also lost a lot of weight, no appetite. I started on 20mg but wow, this stuff is strong!  My pupils became super dilated, I looked like I was on mdma.  I moved down to 10mg for a while then worked my way up to 20mg, then back down to 10mg.  I got almost every side effect in the book: constipation, bizarre dreams, sedation, sexual side effects, sleeping ten hours a night, then taking two hour naps late in the day.  BUT, the panic stopped!  Wow, for the first time in my life I could go to movie theaters, and restaurants with no panic attacks. Gained weight back, it was great. Finally quit when my life was back in order.
I 'm 27 and have had cystic acne since age 11. I took Accutane my soph. year of college and it worked pretty much instantly with good results and no side effects (maybe dry lips but I barely remember that). The acne came back though about 2 years later, and I took a second cycle. About 4-5 years later (now) it has come back slowly and I am considering a 3rd round. I 've used Proactiv for over a year, and that was working, but has seemed to stop working and severely dry out my skin. I 'm nervous about the side effects with a third round, but the first 2 cycles I had no issues- so I 'm hoping this round will last longer!
It really does work! Be very aware that it gets worse before it gets better, I 'm on my third month and the results are really starting to come. Also what helped me was Clinique sonic brush, with the normal skin face wash and the oil control moisturiser! The stuff does miracles. Expensive but so worth it.
It helped me curb my urges to eat.
Well well...let 's just say if you have IBS like me and you go days of using the bathroom constantly then several days of not using it at all with constant bloating after meals for hour...then this is the stuff you need. I have been on this for 5 months  and my life has changed drastically! I no longer complain of bloat because this will clear you out. It is almost like anything I put in my mouth automatically triggers my gut to gotta go to the potty. Sometimes 5 or 6 times a day, sometimes once or twice. And it is not solid, but I 'll take what I can get. Thank you creators of Linzess. But warning...If you don 't have strong muscles this might not be the best drug for you. And if you can 't run...u will need depends.
I have some genetic defects pertaining to folate and I read people have had some success with methyfolate so I thought it might help with some of my issues (Depression/anxiety/ADD-PI ). I tried it as a individual vitamin and it made my brain fog worse, and I developed a feeling of being somewhere between tired/fatigued and agitated. I tried lowering the dose but it didn 't help. However, for some reason, I have no issues with it intertwined with other vitamins/minerals in a whole food multivitamin....it seems very strange to me, but whatever works.
I was misdiagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder and it turned out that I had Bipolar 2 Disorder. I take Effexor 150 mg for my Depression and Abilify 10 mg for my mood swings and anxiety. It works pretty well, but I do have restlessness and random hyperness at times, especially around my period. I 'd recommend it.
I love yaz, it has it 's downs like the tiredness and sometimes the bad headaches, but overall it 's been a great birth control for me. I was on another one about two years ago, and nearly killed myself while on it because of the hormones. Me Yaz=Love.
I 've been on this bc for 2 and a half weeks and so far the only thing that I have experienced is breast tenderness and more tired than usual. I 'll give another update after a month. I take it the same time every night around 12 midnight.
My insurance no longer covers Ortho Tri-Cyclen LO so I had to switch to Sprintec, which I assume is the generic version. The first thing I noticed is that the pills were quite a bit larger which may have no effect on anything at all. I have been experiencing severe nausea, as well as loss of appetite and fatigue. I understand that it probably takes some time for the body to get used to the hormones. However, I am surprised at how strong my symptoms are, considering I never went off BC entirely, just switched brands. I learned early on to take BC medication before bed to ease the nausea, but this really hasn 't helped with the Sprintec. I look forward to the improvement in my complexion that others have reported!
It takes about 2 hours to start working, so it 's definitely a long-acting medication.  It says it lasts for 12 hours but it only lasts 7 for me, every time, without fail.  I cannot just take the Zohydro ER but I need to take my rescue medication else be miserable for 2 hours before it works.It gives you constipation sometimes, even if you drink a ton of water.It seems to be weak pain relief.  I wish it could work better and last longer.   My doctor is switching me to a different ER pain medication now.
I have occasional sleeping problems such linked to stress, such as not being able to fall asleep for around 2 to 5 hours or waking up in the middle of night and not being able to fall asleep afterwards. Someone recommended me to try Nustasium  (diphenhydramine). It kicked in after 30 minutes to 1 hour I took it and it helped me sleep without waking up till morning for as many as 8-9 hours. However I felt dizzy and sleepy in the mornings. And in cases when I slept more than 8 hours like at the weekend I felt very weak and dizzy the whole day. Might be good for occasional use when I know I need long hours of sleep as with it I don 't wake up early, but certainly not for continuous use, at least for me.
Had been on time release OxyContin, 20 mg., 2x daily for 2.5 years for severe neuropathy and arthritis in both feet.  But insurance changed and had to switch to MS Contin 's generic, Morphine ER, 30mg., twice a day.  Was dubious this would be as effective as OxyContin, but has worked like a charm!  Been on it for a year now, same dosage. Before time-release pain meds, I was in SO much pain.  Now, I 'm nearly pain free and its given me my life back.  I can 't do too much strenuous walking, but can do things like run errands or take my daughter to the mall.  I 'm in the process of talking to my dr. about something for breakthrough pain, which hits when I overdo it, or sometimes around the 10 hour mark, and have 2 hours to wait.
I 've been taking this medication for major depression for 14 years now.  17 years ago I was given big doses of steroids due to problems resulting from back surgery.  Those high doses of steroids pushed me into major depression.  After 3 1/2 years of trying to find a medication that worked for me, I was prescribed Anafranil.  Within two days I was seeing positive results.  Within a year of taking Anafranil I was free of depression.  I 've been taking Anafranil ever since - somewhat afraid to stop.  There are many side effects - that I often get tired of - but they pale compared to the relief I received from this medication.  It is the most serotonergic of the tricyclics and I feel should be more widely tried for major depression.
No problems with it.  Glad I don 't need to do monthly blood tests like coumarin.  I had to go off pain medication for arthritis due to risk of bleeding so that is a problem.
The first three months of having the implant in was an emotional roller coaster. After I learned how to control my emotions life was beat again. I 've had a huge increase in my sex drive, which seems to be rare. Overall it works great! I don 't have to take a pill daily or even think about getting pregnant. My period has been sporadic. One month I 'll have a two day period the next I 'll have a week long. Almost a year in and my period only lasts 2 days. Acne isn 't terrible. I do cry at least once a month, before I cried only a few times each year. Everyone has their own experiences though, mine turned out to be good.
switched from the pill because I couldn 't remember to take them, and for some reason I always had to clear my throat and cough up excessive mucous throughout the day. I still have my same number of menstrual days which is 6, I 've never had cramps. Both the pills and the patch keep my face clear of acne which is a plus. The patch doesn 't fall off because I put it below my arm pit where my bra covers it and I alternate sides each week.My only concern with the patch is that it leaves a rash/outline imprint where the patch used to be.  It hasn 't decreased my sex drive but it has decreased the amount of wetness down there during sex. I want to get off BC completely but I 'm afraid to get acne/pregnant.
I am 54 year old and postmenopausal, and have been using Estrace cream 1mg every night, for about a month for vaginal dryness. All of sudden I am experiencing itching and burning. I wonder I have an infection from this cream.
I 've been on Lutera for almost 4 years and it has been pretty good. I haven 't noticed any terrible side effects except for when I take the first pill of a new pack - if I eat or drink anything within the first few hours of taking the pill I will feel nauseous. That 's why I take it just before bed on Friday nights now. The first year or so I would also feel incredibly tired starting about an hour after taking the first pill of the pack, but that has since gone away. As for other side effects I can 't really remember what my body would normally &quot;do&quot; without the pill.
As a birth control, this is very effective. However, after being on it for 11 months the side effects did a complete 180 on me for the worse. One day I woke up and felt so extremely depressed and from that point on, my whole summer spiralled downwards. I experienced hellish anxiety, fatigue, confusion, headaches and migraines, major depression and suicidal thoughts, and the list could go on forever. I have always been mentally and physically healthy, so experiencing such a terrible summer was a life changing experience. I have been 3 months clean from that poison and I do not recommend anyone to take it. It was like feeding the devil into my soul. Please, please, please do not take this.
I am 28 years old 6&quot;2 225 pound male and in the past I never had anxiety issues. I 'd say in the past 5 years I noticed that I started to dislike any social situations. I talked to my doctor about it and he first prescribed me Celexa 10mg and I noticed it helped a little the first month then I asked to have the medication upped to 20mg. After 3 months I noticed I had NO sex drive at all and it was difficult to achieve an orgasm. I immediately made another doctors appointment and informed him of this and he switched me to Lexapro 10mg and I felt amazing off it! My sex drive was back and no problem achieving the big &quot;O&quot;!
It is effective. However the weight gain of 30 lbs now I need to lose 60lbs.  The headaches dizziness and tiredness.  Feeling hungry constantly and occasional numbness in my hands and feet. I am thinking of trying Implanon but the reviews don 't look so great. Would prefer getting my tubes tied as we have a nice size family. I have been on it 13 months since my youngest was born and I hate that I eat and feel pregnant even though I am not.
I take this medicine 20mg in the morning and 20mg at night. When I first started it I had trouble sleeping. I felt like my legs couldn 't sit still, and I had tingly fingers and I would get dizzy. I 've been on it for about 5 months and I still get dizzy after each dose sometimes I need to lay down. But it has helped tremendously with my anxiety, I can go out and have fun without having the constant worry in my head. Before being on any kind of medicine I used to throw up and shake a lot from my anxiety attacks, now its all gone and I can live a normal life. I am also on 100mg of Pristq and 0.25mg of Xanax (as needed). I recommend this medicine for anyone who has anxiety disorder, but just be aware of the dizziness.
So I was having unprotected sex with a guy that wasnt my bf. One day my discharge was looking weird. Went to the doctor nd they said I had a urine infection. A month pass by discharge the same way. Begged my doctor to get a pap smear because I 'm younger than 21. It came back to be trich. I was so upset but then again its my fault having unprotected sex with someone who I didn 't know much about. I look on here for answers of the some effects and it scared me. I work all week and have uni. I took the 4 pills single dose 3 hours ago ( around 6 ) its now 9 and I feel perfectly fine. I just woke up from a nap. I 'm still waiting to see if I have side effects. But as of right now I 'm fine. Hope this med works over this STD!
Ok, I have suffered with cold sores immensely. My Dr prescribed me this medication and it has really helped me. The kicker happened today. I went to refill my prescription and they have raised the price by $100.00!! I almost fell over. This is horrible, I can 't afford this every month. What a load of crap. Apparently, they won some lawsuit. Well back to lips full of sores for me I guess.
I 've only finished my first pack. I did not start taking it the day my period began because I didn 't really think it mattered..my period started a little over a week after I 've started it and IT STILL HASNT ENDED. Its seriously been over 2 weeks now and my doctor says I should just ride it out but I think it 's just ridiculous. I 'm holding onto my next pack until the beginning of my NEXT period hoping that 'll balance things out. Besides that its prevented pregnancy and made my breasts grow a noticeable amount, the tenderness subsided.
I witnessed a friend get amazing results from this so I thought I 'd give it a try. I started at 199lbs and a month later I am at 181lbs. So lost a total of 18 lbs...not too bad. I haven 't had any side effects. Maybe a few headaches when I first started taking the pill but nothing too bad. My appetite has definitely decreased. Normally, I am hungry all the time and never feel satisfied but now I eat a little bit of my meal and I 'm pretty much full. I have also lost cravings for chocolate and sweets which is nice. I drink more water than I used to because I often get dry mouth. But now, I 'm finding it harder to see the numbers drop on the scale. I go to the gym almost everyday for about 1 1/2 hours. Hopefully, the numbers will start dropping again!
I started on 25 mg of Elavil for 1 month and recently increased to 50mg. The Elavil has worked well to some extent. I didn 't have very many side effects and I am hoping that it will continue to give me positive results.
Very good medication. helps alot with the symptoms of psychosis. Its not a cure though I still had to work on my problems. -1 point because it gives me dry mouth and makes it so a cannot tolerate as much alcohol. -1 another point cause its not 100 percent effective but still works great. overall 8/10
I 've had nexplanon for 14 months with no period at all since I had my son. Then all of a sudden two weeks ago I started spotting. Never really got heavy enough for a pad so I used panty liners. It lasted 10 days. Stopped last Saturday September 5th. Then yesterday I 'm it starts again but this time it 's heavier, I have no choice but to wear a pad. I went to the ER this morning because I thought something was wrong, they said everything is normal and that it is probably breakthrough bleeding. I 'm pissed because I went over a year without any periods and my gyno told me that most likely I wouldn 't get one at all and now this. I loved it until now. I 'm trying to stick it out for a month or so to see if it regulates. If not I 'm having it removed
I have had colonoscopies and endoscopies done before using propofol with no problem. Last week I had what was to be a minor surgery on my wrist, also using propofol. Instead of fifteen minutes, it turned out to be 35 minutes. I had difficulty waking, had dreams while under (which I read on the web is not uncommon on propofol but new for me) and was groggy all day. I had warned the anethesiologist that a small dose of lidocaine would not be enough for me, so maybe that 's why....
I buy cialis online for a tiny fraction of what you pay in Australia. I buy 20mg tablets for 20 cents each then quarter them. They work good for BPH and ED. The pharmacy industry is rolling us over a barrel. 
Was diagnosed with clinical/major depressive disorder when I was a teen. I am now approaching 60 and have battled this all of my life. I had very good luck with Cymbalta starting in 2006 but within the past year the Cymbalta (120 mg/day) lost effectiveness and I had several serious depressive down cycles. My therapist put me on Viibryd (after trying some others) about 2 months ago. I have suffered the previously mentioned side effects: diarrhea, restless-legs, vivid dreams, some insomnia, but I feel much better mentally. My biggest problem has been in weaning myself off of the Cymbalta. Still on 20 mg day, and halving that on a weekly basis. Terrible withdrawal from Cymbalta!
I used metformin for about 3 months and only had nausea and heartburn after a greasy meal, this made me change to the Metformin ER. It did help me lose about 20 pounds which is great because with PCOS it is hard to lose weight. I only used this to lose some weight and make me ovulate (which only took about 3 weeks). I do not have insulin resistance. Overall this is a great drug for PCOS!
I 've only been on Paxil for about two weeks, but I can already tell a significant difference. I 'm feeling much more optimistic, and much more motivated than I was before going on the medication. That being said, my sex drive has dropped and I also have trouble urinating sometimes.
I have been taking this medication for nerve pain in my leg. I have a ruptured disc in my back which is causing me severe nerve pain down my leg. Pain medicines do not work on me so I had been suffering for awhile. No sleep and lots of pain. Not good! My doctor put me on this medicine and I can now function better. I have gotten much needed sleep and overall feel a little better. There are side effects though. I would stay very groggy and would lose some fine motor skills for quite awhile after waking up in the morning. I found that if I lessened the dose the effects were much less. I do have more pain throughout the day but I am more alert and functional. I think the drug has helped me a lot.
this drug worked for me but is very slow
Mostly I liked Wera. It was better than the necon 1/35 I had been on previously. I still had enough mood swings that I felt bad enough for my husband to want to change my b.c. I really didnt have much depression on this, a little lower libido, but it did not cause chronic migraines like the  other b.c. I eventually switched
I 've been on this 8 months it seems okay took the pyschotic syptoms away but gettting palputations, body temprature issues too hot and too cold, eating a lot more, slowed my metabolism down, insomnia and flu type symptoms. I do feel 80% better than what I did just constant worry about possble side effects
Started flecainide 9 months ago after very frequent episodes of AF. Tried bisoprolol first but suffered side effects and still had AF. Couldn 't sleep and sat round like a zombie. Now I take very low dose bisoprolol and 100 mg flecainide twice a day. Life is normal again, but I get a bit breathless with exercise like walking up steep hills! I 'm a 62 year old female and was very fit until 5 years ago! At least I now have a near normal life.
A few hours after the first dose my arm muscles started burning like I just lifted a bunch of weights and my neck was hurting on one side but I think it was because I was so tense and worried about taking it. These symptoms lasted for about two or three more doses than went away. Took my last pill today and the only other side effects I had were headache and lightheadedness and my heart would beat faster every now and then.
Me and my boyfriend had sex for the first time. We used the withdrawal method which is a very stupid thing to do. He was positive he didn 't cum in me but I was still scared. I took plan B 16 hours later after the incident. I experienced tender breasts for about two days and light cramps also. Then I spotted for 2 days EXTREMELY light, I for sure thought it was implantation bleeding. We stressed for a week straight. We 're way too young to have a child. I started to experience pregnancy symptoms like breast tenderness again and frequent urination. I was so scared. Then in exactly one week of taking the pill the cramps came. The second day was worse and the period came! Very heavy and clots. DON 'T STRESS YOURSELF. The pill works!
Before starting on this medication, I was on Minastrin 24 Fe and Lomedia 24 Fe. I recently switched to Blisovi 24 Fe bc I was told Lomedia was on back order. Anyway, I 've been on this medication for one month, and I was so scared I was going to experience the symptoms everyone else says on here. I did not have any breakouts while on Lomedia or Minastrin, and have had none with this medication. The week of my period I did have one day of anxiety and some dizziness and light spotting but that was only one day, and my doctor said that was normal. Overall I will continue will this if I can 't go back on Lomedia.
The taste is certainly not delicious, but not awful either.  I drank it slowly, through a straw, and it began working around 1 hour later. Want to say that a few days before, I ate very light meals, so I cleaned out with only the night time bottle.  When your discharge looks the color of Mt. Dew, you 're clean.  I avoided the morning bottle and the GI dr. said I was cleaned out sufficiently.  I experienced chills with the prep and some nausea.  Used butterscotch hard candy to suck on after drinking the prep to help get rid of the after taste.
I was given Dilaudid for pain control.  I had diverticulitis and the Dilaudid worked great for about 1 1/2 hours.  The pain returned after that.
I have been on Seasonique for about three years. I was totally unaware of all the different side effects that women have been experiencing (such as the hair loss, etc.) In general I am rather happy with this pill. I rarely ever spot, my skin has not changed, my weight has not changed, and neither has my hair. However, over such a long period of time-- now that I think about it I don 't really know if my hair, weight, and skin have changed due to Seasonique or the fact that I am no longer 19. Overall I like the pill very much since having fewer periods is always, always a good thing in my book. However I literally feel as though I have become an asexual due to my VERY little sex drive, which at 22, should be kicking.
I was prescribed this drug due to chronic constipation due to hyperparathyroid. It helps most days, but only if I take Senokot the evening before. On its own, it didn 't work well.  I  cramp badly all day until I get relief.
I 'm on day 3 and have had horrible cramps, sweating, nausea and diarrhea after every dose. Within 1 to 3 hrs after taking the pill I feel sick until it all comes out! But if it helps me go more than 1 x every 10-14 days, I 'll take these symptoms over that. But agree, stay close to the potty.
I had chills, shakes and low blood pressure at my first infusion. Subsequent infusions were easier, but still difficult. I think it 's 8 of 10 due to side effects, and I know it works well for many people. Not for all though.
Been on Junel FE for about 8 years now. Never really had any problems with it, except that once I gained some weight its a lot harder to lose while on the pill. I didn 't have any negative side effects, except a lower libido which has never really bothered me. But for the last couple months my periods have been way out of whack. Last month I had 3 periods, this month I missed my scheduled period...not really sure what 's going on here but I haven 't missed taking any pills. I 'm thinking about going off the pill now which is what brought me here, but I 'm worried that it will make me gain weight and get acne again.
Had the Mirena IUD placed during surgery in June 2015. I had spotting and bleeding for a while afterwards. OB/GYM said it takes up to 9 months to adjust. Most recently very light periods, now no period. I 'm told my hair and skin look heathier, I look like I 'm losing weight, I 've noticed my nails are growing. Most recently though my sex drive has decreased. I 'm 41, and choose this because the man I was with couldn 't use latex condoms due to an allergy. Overall I 'm happy with it.
I have only been on this particular pill for one week now, so I cannot speak on the long-term effects of it. However, my short-term experience has been rather pleasant compared to that of other pills. I have tried a couple of different pills (Sprintec, Viorele) that the side effects (nausea/vomiting and mood swings) were unbearable. At this point, my Dr. has put me on Junel Fe, which has been surprisingly a decent experience. At the beginning of the week I had what felt like minor period cramps but nothing unbearable, I felt very bloated after eating (which is abnormal for me), minor nausea but no vomiting, and even some urinary frequency. At the end of the week, almost all of these side effects have subsided! So far, I am happy.
With a rough family life, it 's hard to know if this drug is working to its full potential. I 've been taking lexepro for almost three months now, and I can hardly tell a difference. I don 't really think of suicide anymore, but happy? Is anyone truly happy? Maybe it 's just my situation at the moment that brings out my pessimistic side, but I don 't feel much different at all.
I took this for a dry cough. It did make my cough go away. Which was great....but the next day did experience diarrhea.  That is what brought me to this review page.
Just finished three shots of Lupron Depot - shots were given in the hip - little to no pain at all.  The worst side effect = hot flashes.  They were unbearable really, was prescribed the lowest dosage of estrogen medicines for the hot flashes - working great.  Doctor not giving any more shots of Lupron until we see how my body reacts to the medicines.  I was just prescribed a progesterone as well to balance with the estrogen medicines-to take for a two week period.
I have chronic back pain due to herniated disks, sciatica and left knee because of torn meniscus, Bakers cyst as well as osteoarthritis. I had reached the point that I could barely walk except for very short distances around the house. I take Norco 5/325. I have had injections to both back and knee with some short term relief. With Norco I was able to participate in Aquatherapy and take my small dog for slow walks of 20-30 minutes &amp; do some core strengthening exercises. Norco does not completely erase the pain but reduces it to a tolerable level that allows me to be more active. CDK &amp; gastritis rule out NSAIDs. Norco does not make me nauseousis. With the change in the status of Norco I now have to see a pain specialist monthly for a new Rx.
Works well to reduce pain and itch.
Noticed a big difference with the first dose. Most medicines have made no difference. Anxious to pick up my script for continued use until I have my hip replacement.
40 yrs old. Had testicular cancer at 30, left testi removed. About 2 years after I started having pain in between my scotum and rectum. Was diagnosed with prostatitis , doc put me on rapaflo. Said it could take up to 3 weeks for it to start to work. First thing I noticed with in 24 hrs was retrograde ejaculation.. Vary concerning at first then I read into side effects.. (Thanks doc for not giving any heads up). It took me about 3 days befor my pain was lessened..and about 2 weeks befor it was almost gone. Now I can get away without taking it for 3-5 days befor I start getting sore...but it 's a catch 22 since the timing for me to have a normal ejaculation is about 3-4 days off the meds.3-4 days of use is not enough time for it to work prop.
I had the Implanon implanted on February of 2012. The insertion process was pretty painless. Only thing that hurt was the numbing shot. After that, I didn 't have a period for about a week, then I got a very light period for nearly 6 months. May sound bad, but it really wasn 't. Very light, no cramps or anything with a regular period, only light bleeding. After the 6 months it stopped for a couple months, then was back again for nearly 2 weeks, still very light bleeding. I have had just a few mood swings, but other then that no side effects. I recommend it. It works great.
Been on amitriptyline for 2 weeks for nerve pain after shingles. It has reduced discomfort from an 8 to a 3 most days. I take 10 mg at night and other than some grogginess the first 3-4 days, no side effects. I sleep well on it too.
I started 150mg of Wellbutrin XL in Jul 2013 due to feeling very unmotivated, depressed, tired, and hopeless. After a few days I felt good, and by the second week I felt better than I had in several years. I increased the dose to 300mg in Oct because I was starting to feel down again. It helped a lot but by Jan I was very irritable/angry/bitter, so I lowered the dose to 150mg and restarted 40mg of Prozac and the anger subsided. To address some side effects: inability to fall asleep (went away after 2-3 weeks), increased libido (awesome), pretty much the same appetite (no weight loss or gain), vivid dreams (sometimes disturbing), more emotional (but not crazy/extreme), constipation (moderate-severe), sensitivity to caffeine (must avoid).
My experience  all good
I have been on the medication for 4 weeks now.  No side effects really. I feel full all the time so when I eat I am definitely not over eating any longer. I haven 't lost any weight yet but I just started exercising. I will post a review in a month or so with updates if there are any.  The cost is 100 through my insurance but they have a discount card that brings it to 30
Initially I was on Yasmin for 1 Year.  Noticeable changes/side effects were:Weight-loss, Hair-thining, More emotional, Lighter periodsI went off it for a month (I forgot to renew my prescription) and in that month I put on about 2kg, was not so emotional and my period was a little heavier.  Also, the first two weeks of being off Yasmin, my body was super-sensitive!  Possibly both a good and bad thing?  I am now back on Yasmin and the old side-effects are kicking in again.  Overall, I would say it works well with my body so will continue to use it.  Recommend it if it works with your body too, the only way to tell is to try it really.
For extreme fatigue I have taken Adderall 10mg a day for 6 month with occasional missing a day. It gives me great energy, negates my fatigue and seams to asuages a slight depression.
Been on Pristiq for a month now changing from Cymbalta. Cymbalta did nothing for me, Pristiq is starting to help. Have had unresponsive major depression along which chronic anxiety for 5 years now. Have tried so many antidepressants of which none were effective for the depression and anxiety. But had a huge serving of various side effects as most mentioned.Now, Anxiety under limited control, depression is lifting but is hard to say how much. I had forgotten what &quot;normal&quot;  feels like. So far P is helping but a long way to Go.
This is the first Birth Control I 've ever been on and so far I am very happy with it. I 've been on it for going on 3 months, and at first it was rough but now things are great. The first week I was an emotional wreck!! The Second week I spotted for 9 days. The Third week my attitude was back to normal and I wasn 't spotting. I haven 't had headaches, I haven 't gained weight anywhere other than my boobs, and I haven 't had any cramps. And best of all my periods that were normally 5-7 days are now 3 days! Other than biting my best friends head off the first week I was on it, I am totally satisfied with this birth control!
Was using risperdal before, was experiencing very bad anxiety attacks and great loss of impulse control. I then started Catapres and it helps ticks moderately but mostly with the anxiety and impulse control.
I started taking Monodox four days ago, and I already can see a difference. I am 26 years old and I didn 't have acne on my teenage years, none! About a year ago I started breaking out more and more, I thought it was stress, then my nutrition, then an allergy, I tried everything you can imagine from homemade remedies to recently I bought the Murad acne kit, which helped a little bit. I did facial and it made it worse, so I decided to visit a dermatologist and he gave me Monodox and Atralin for night time and aczone for morning. So far I haven 't broken out and I hope this really helps.
I was on the Depo for about 2 1/2 years, and after some initial spotting (about 9 months) I loved it. Super easy, nearly painless, very effective. If it weren 't for the bone loss controversy, I 'd still be on it. I didn 't notice any side effects, my period was replaced by light spotting about 3 weeks before I was due for my next shot.
Took 1 Mucinex DM around 6 PM. My experience is like many here. It worked great on my congestion, but it is midnight and I am wide awake. I found this site searching for &quot;Does Mucinex DM keep you awake?&quot; Yup, it does.
I have bipolar 2, generalized anxiety disorder and suffer panic attacks. I am given Valium 5mg to take  'when needed '. While I feel it works well on generalized (mild to moderate) anxiety, it 's not the most effective medication to take to during acute episodes like in a panic attack. I feel the 5mg isn 't enough. Also if you take it even every few days, it pretty quickly becomes less effective meaning you may have to increase the dose. I now take 10mg as needed. It 's very helpful, and I find it to be very effective, but perhaps not strong enough during acute panic attacks, but in general this medication is a blessing.
I have been on Belviq for about three weeks and have lost about 12 lbs...not bad!  This is not a magic pill, but it is definitely helping control how much I eat. But to be honest, I am overweight because I like to eat and like the taste of food...especially sweets. It doesn 't keep me from eating when I &quot;want&quot; to eat something whether I am hungry or not. It still takes willpower to lose pounds. If you are determined to discipline yourself to diet, then this pill will help you. If you are expecting to lose weight by only taking this pill and not changing your eating habits, you probably won 't lose weight. I will continue to take it because I am losing weight, but I am also disciplining myself to eat right.
1) Cleared my skin up within 4 months. Still occasional problem spots around the time of my period but it 's a joke compared to what I used to have to put up with.2) POTENTIALLY IMPORTANT: When I got to the last week of hormonal pills (the super-strength hormone loaded ones before the week of placebos) for the first 5ish months on the pill I found that I would be prone to existential emotional breakdowns or feel more anxious/depressed than usual that week. I didn 't notice the correlation for an embarrassing amount of time. I was very relieved when I did figure it out and I wish I had figured it out sooner. Now that I 've been on it for a year this problem has almost disappeared. Just something to be aware of for the first few months!
Had been on time release OxyContin, 20 mg., 2x daily for 2.5 years for severe neuropathy and arthritis in both feet.  But insurance changed and had to switch to MS Contin 's generic, Morphine ER, 30mg., twice a day.  Was dubious this would be as effective as OxyContin, but has worked like a charm!  Been on it for a year now, same dosage. Before time-release pain meds, I was in SO much pain.  Now, I 'm nearly pain free and its given me my life back.  I can 't do too much strenuous walking, but can do things like run errands or take my daughter to the mall.  I 'm in the process of talking to my dr. about something for breakthrough pain, which hits when I overdo it, or sometimes around the 10 hour mark, and have 2 hours to wait.
I 've had this birth control since February 26th. It didn 't hurt to get it put in, as long as it 's taken care of the right away afterward you should be perfectly fine. Honestly, it was sore just as it should be, but I didn 't notice it after it healed. It does ache sometimes now. In February after I got the implant I bled for about a week but it was very light. Since then I have not had a period. I haven 't gained weight or lost my hair. I do break out a little more often and I 'm very tired more often than I used to be. But I highly recommend it even past these side effects.
I have been taking this medication for years. At first it was great it helped me a lot with my temper and sad feelings. I have had some ups and downs with it.  At one time I was taking 2.5 pills and was having trouble remembering things, and extreme trouble driving due to drowsiness. I cut back to one and tried to go off them but my moods started to swing out of control.  Now I am on one and half tabs, and am feeling depressed again.  My eyes are watery and I feel like crying a lot but that may be due to the fall coming on.
Improved breathing 50% the frist time I used it.
I 've been back on Nuvigil since the end of 2013.  I had taken it in 2010, but had to stop due to cost.  The results have been wonderful.  No more falling asleep in meetings or while sitting and talking to people.  I can even watch entire movies now without dozing off!  The only downside, like others have mentioned, is that it wears off in the evening.  I usually take it around 7am, but by 9:00pm, I 'm dozing again, which isn 't really that bad.  The cost is annoying too.  I have great insurance, but it is still $75 a month.
Have been taking the 30mg pills for 7 weeks now I 've lost 30 pounds and after the 5th week or so I stopped sweating as much but now I 'm having issues with going to the toilet been about 4 days. Other than that the pills work amazing
Just been diagnosed with Bi Polar Disorder after goodness knows how many years of episodes. Took my shrink the best part of 2 years to finally diagnose me after many different anti depressants, sleepless nights, racing thoughts, and wild partying till the early hours (sometimes on my own!!!). Just started on Depakote 3 weeks ago initally on 500mg per day which didn 't help my mania, now on 500mg morning, and 500mg evening which calms me down, helps me sleep, deals with my irritability and mania, and generally slows me down. I have found that I get eye jolts ... fuzziness, but for the first time in 3 years (when it all started back up!), I am beginning to feel &quot;NORMAL&quot;. We 'll see how it goes.  My consultant has mentioned Lithium also.
I was diagnosed with severe depression.  I am 61 years old, and I had no previous problems.  I started on Paxil 14 months ago.  It took 3 months to take full effect.  My doctor started me on 20 mg and then 30 mg to kick start it, and it worked.  I tried to wean off, but I went too fast.  I just went back to 30 mg a day (20/9pm 10/7am) a week ago.  It hasn 't taken full effect yet.  I would recommend Paxil, but realize that this medication is very slow to work and dosage changes take time.  Everyone is different.  It has helped me, but it has been a long road.
I was diagnosed with interstitial cystitis in February 2000. Since that time, I 've been taking the prescribed dosage of 400 mg daily. This has helped my interstitial cystitis symptoms tremendously. I had suffered for a long time before being diagnosed properly, so when this medication was presented to me and I took it for a couple of months, my pain was gone. I was so excited to finally get relief. Unfortunately, I had a recent blood test to check my liver enzymes. The AST was 61 and the ALT was 100, both of which are normal between 3 and 35. My physician wants me to decrease my dosage of Elmiron and check me again in 6 weeks. I 'm very concerned about the high levels of enzymes in my blood. Be careful and keep a check on your liver.
After a couple of days on 2mg Abilify added to my Zoloft and Lamictal, the fog began to clear up a bit. (It reminds me of that Claritin commercial when everything all of a sudden on the TV screen becomes more clear and less fuzzy). That was a warm welcome after 25 years of, on and off &quot;anti-depressant poop-out&quot;! However, I am most certain that it has caused weight gain! I do not EVER weigh myself (past eating disorder issue), but my clothes are tighter around the waist. BUT I AM NOT EATING ANY DIFFERENTLY! In fact, I have made a concerted effort to eat less but nothing seems to give! Is it fluid? I 'm baffled! Yes, I 'm 43 now, but my metabolism wouldn 't come to a screeching halt so quickly, would it?  
Given that I have been on this medicine for 7 years now, I 'm gonna say that it works. I assume I will be taking this for the rest of my life and I 'm not sure how safe that will be.
I have Cervical Arterial Disease and the pain radiates in my neck, shoulder, arms and hands.  Sometimes makes me have bad headaches as well, on the left side of my head.  Mobic is a life-saver for me. I had this medication for awhile, but refused to take it because reading the side effects scared me, but after over-the-counter medicatuons quit helping me with the pain, I went ahead and started it, and this is the best I 've felt in months.  I haven 't had any side effects yet, but I 've only been on it, for about a week.  I 'll continue to take it for now, because at least I 'm not miserable.  Living with chronic pain is no joke.
I was on low dose Cymbalta for 2 weeks and could not handle the fatigue. I switched to Pristiq 50 mg a little over a week ago. My anxiety is 95% gone, my depression..the negative thoughts are gone, I 'm not happy but I 'm not sad either, my irritability and being easily startled has resolved. I 'm able to go out without being anxious, am  returning to work part time in a few weeks. I do feel a little tired a few hours after taking the medication but it doesn 't last, my sleep is a little disrupted, little nausea but nothing I can 't manage, constipation is a side effect but I use Colace (without the laxative), lost 4 lbs so far. Plan to stay on this indefinitely at this point. Just relieved to finally have some relief from the anxiety/depression.
I started using zoloft for 2 weeks and I can say now that I know how to handle my moods especially in dealing with other people. It really works for me!
I have been taking this for less than a week, started 5/30/15. So far I have lost 9 pounds! I have experienced few of the side effects. Slight nausea in the evenings, mild headaches and constipation. I have high blood pressure; however it is controlled. This hasn 't seemed to effect it at all. I 'm only on one pill a day right now and experience some hunger in the mornings. Other than that, I 'm not hungry all day but when I do eat I 'm trying to lean toward fruits/veggies and lean meats. I have been on the elliptical daily.
I had a severe concussion and although it did take away some of the pain, it only made the head aches manageable.
I 've been using Aviane for about 3.5 years now. I did notice some major mood swings getting on or off the pill, but after about a month I think my hormones regulated back to normal. Other than that I haven 't had any other side effects unless you consider an almost non-existent period a side effect. I still get paranoid when I miss a period but so far so good. This has worked for me.
I got Nexplanon in February 2014. With all contraceptions there is the risk of side effects. On the pill ai had sore breasts. With Nexplanon my breasts feel much better and I 'm less hormonal. In the first few weeks after the implant I got a bit of a scabby scalp but that has cleared. After 2 weeks - light period lasting 10 days (bleeding 6 days, light tampons then brown discharge for 4 days). I then had 2 weeks of no bleeding then 7 days bleeding, more like 2 days bleeding and 5 days spotting or brown discharge. Then 3 weeks of no bleeding. Irregular bleeding is annoying but better than a baby! Minimum maintenance contraception suits me and my boyfriend. These reviews helped me so I thought I would post.
The medicine is partly covered by my issurance company. Current maintenance dosage 3 mg (was 6mg) Invega. After taking Invega my positive symptoms vanished completely after a number of weeks, furthermore I don 't get an unreal sense (depersonalization) which was the case with Risperdal. Unfortenately I got the following side-effects (discussed with my physician):- weight gain (8 kilo 's)- sometimes strange expression around mouth, stiffness- tiredness/weakness, need more sleep- intense dreaming, sometimes nightmares- harder to breath through nose- increase of ALAT blood values (80)- dizziness after sudden activity- heartburnFor now the positive effects outweight the negative effects.
So far is the 3rd day of taking 10MG OF RITALIN IR. So far I feel I can finally get work done, less tapping of the feet and less fidgety, talk a lot more, can start conversations, etc. I can think before I act but sometimes I act out but not as much. But however my hands shake a little. And takes longer to  'kick in ' it takes 40 mins to an hour   a half. But when it  'kicks in ' it lasts up to 4-5 hours. It really does help with my moderate ADHD.
It cleared up my urinary tract infection symptoms within 24 hours, however my doctor prescribed it to me for 2 weeks. Today was the end of the first week and I 've experienced a slight shortness of breath, and a bit of weight on my lungs, almost like one feels with bronchitis. I feel as though I must breathe deeply in order to fully expand my lungs and sometimes it causes me to have a dry cough. I think I 'll stop taking it before things get worse.
Butrans works. I have a hard time finding medicines that work, but plainly put this works. It does come with a price however, the patches are sometimes hard to keep on, showering becomes a true chore, the NextCare patches (to cover and waterproof the Butrans patch) are expensive and only last a few days. I wore Butrans for almost a year and in some places it has scarred me -leaving an outline of the patch on my skin. Also, the patch can itch MADLY in some places. Finally you must choose your location **PERFECTLY** or the patch will  'bubble ' up or develop waves where the medicine is not making contact with your skin. Again, this patch works.
I have been on pretty much every anti-depressant out there for the last 7 years.  The last few were Lexapro 20 mg, then switched to Zoloft, which made me feel like I wasn 't on anything at all and I began having anxiety which turned into panic attacks. I was put on Ativan 1.5 mg a day and 20 mg Paxil, which was raised to 40mg.  This past year I was diagnosed with ADD, so Adderall XR was added....can 't remember the dose because I had an allergic reaction, and moved on to Focalin XR.  I thought they both worked very well.  I was totally on target, focused and awake. However my jaw felt clenched a lot which gave me headaches. I saw a new PCP last week who put me on Pristiq and took me off everything else. It makes me so sleepy, but so far so good!
Takes away swelling from knee post-surgery.
I 've had the Implanon put in 2011 and taken out 2013. Then the Explanon put in 2014 and taken out today 10/19/2016. As far as preventing pregnancy and no period (for me), it 's exceptional. BUT I 've gained 40 pounds over the course of 2 years and it 's nearly impossible to lose weight while on this birth control. Also, I did get break outs on my face from bad acne from time to time. Now, I 'm currently getting ready to try the &quot;mini pill&quot;.
Been on Pristiq for a month now changing from Cymbalta. Cymbalta did nothing for me, Pristiq is starting to help. Have had unresponsive major depression along which chronic anxiety for 5 years now. Have tried so many antidepressants of which none were effective for the depression and anxiety. But had a huge serving of various side effects as most mentioned.Now, Anxiety under limited control, depression is lifting but is hard to say how much. I had forgotten what &quot;normal&quot;  feels like. So far P is helping but a long way to Go.
I 've been taking 100mg for over a month and had quite the reverse of increased appetite or weight gain, although this could be due to the low dose. But also I feel my manic behaviour is not necessarily under full control whilst the tablet also makes it near impossible for me to get up before 7am on consecutive days. All in all though I do feel more balanced, productive and a better sense of self purpose and an ability to plan realistically on this drug. Although at this stage I am keeping a close eye on feelings of paranoia creeping in. It can be hard to tolerate the side effects of this drug though.
I have been on pristiq for approx 2 weeks for anxiety and dizziness and disequilibrium. The first week was rough with sweating and a little nausea but no tiredness.From day 9 I have noticed a good boost in energy and a change in how I have been managing my anxiety with increased confidence and reduced dizziness.I will keep taking it but won 't be looking forward to coming off it when the time comes. It has given me a new out look on life which is a big positive.
Stelara 's been a great for me. I 'm 64, have had Crohn 's for 50 years and undiagnosed for 20 years until my mid-30 's. I 'm now in the best shape I 've been in decades--no cramping pain for 3 years since starting injections. Been biking 30 miles a week, playing flag football and basketball, working with weights and a trainer 3x weekly. No side effects--yay!
Many more side effects than usual. (875 MG for 10 days)I always ask for this, and I normally give this antibiotic a 10/10 because it cures anything for me by the morning of day 3. I 'm on the morning of day 4, and I only feel slightly better because of the side effects I 've never had:Too much fatigueComplete loss of appetiteLightheaded in the sunNoticeably unfocusedCramps so bad, that I 'm too afraid to eat solid food.Canker Sores healing too slowlyPoor sleep.Will be going to back to Urgent Care if I still feel this tired by day 5.
I was prescribed this medicine back in the late 80 's for seizure control. I recently stopped using this in 2010. It controlled my seizures well, but I did not realize the side effects of it.  Side effects were irritability, anger, increased depression and behavior.Because I literally grew UP with this medicine, I can now see these issues after changing the medicine. My brain was built to use it during puberty/young adult.This does control seizures, and actually suppressed anxiety by slowing down all brain functions. Be aware that epilepsy is cor-morbid with depression quite often and this medicine may enhance/increase depression symptoms.
I took Nardil from  '88- '98 and it worked well. Then I was switched to Paxil, which had a lot of side effects (weight, sexual, tired, sense of not really being there). Paxil was probably better for OCD but I came off it (had shocking withdrawal symptoms).
How many mg are people taking? I have been on Oxy and Morphine for 15 years. I take 3-4 30mg Oxy and 2 100mg Morphine a day for back pain and Fibromialga. I want to wean down, but my dependence just isn 't allowing it. Sweating, cramping, anxiety, relentlessness and everything else. I have a bunch of Clonidine I used to take, but it is .1mg. If I want to use it to wean myself off these meds so they are all I can think of instead of the pain, how much should I take? 6 '1&quot; 300lbs.Thanks all.
The first few months being on this drug, it did not work at all. Before taking the drug I would get approximately a headache every other day and a migraine once a week. This continued a couple months after starting the drug at 10 mg. Now, after being on it for 6 months, it is working wonders. I have only gotten 10 headaches in the past 90 days and 1 migraine.
I had many symptoms at first, especially imbalance, and drowsiness. I could never drive my car during the use of this medication. But overall, it helped with the sharp needle-like stabbing pain all over the area in which my shingles spread. I was worse case my doctor and neurologist had ever seen.  When the shingle scabs had fallen and my doctor said the episode was over, I had no pain. Then suddenly from nowhere terrific pain began to increase to the point where my doctor had to prescribe this medicine. I 've only been on this medicine since June. It is now September and dosage has only been increased once ( to 1800 mg per day).
It 's now Day 168, a little more than 24 weeks since I began using Epiduo Forte. My last review was ~5 weeks in and I was miserable. The purge stage lasted 2-3 months for me and I honestly never looked worse. But my skin finally showed real improvement about 6 weeks ago and I 'm happy I fought my way through the beginning. My skin is still red and I still have issues with occasional tiny whiteheads on my inner cheeks, smile lines, and the sides of my nose, but the texture of my skin couldn 't be softer or smoother everywhere else. My forehead, chin, jaw, and outer cheeks are perfect. I 've managed to cut back on makeup, and have hope that in another 6 months my skin will be 100%.
I 've had it in for about 2 months and has been more or less very efficent. I got on it because of heavy bleeding and I 'll say it works very efficient for that but....The mood swings are horrible like nothing I 've ever experienced.I 've gained around 5  pounds so far that I just can 't keep off.So it works for what I got it but the side effects are pretty bad.
I checked with my doctor and she said I have high blood pressure. I have taken losartan for about 5 months, and now I have regular 110/70 blood pressure each time.
Great as a pain reliever but major, major problems when I contracted Legionnaires disease and had to be put on strong antibiotics, Biaxin and E-mycin. These made my whole system go into meltdown until I removed the patch and went back on MS-Contin. Be very careful of drug interactions.
This drug has side effects but benefits is much more.If you suffering from depression and anxiety try it.
I 'm taking Lamictal for bipolar type 2. I have been mentally ill for years and only started getting help recently. I 've tried Prozac, Wellbutrin, zoloft within the last year and none worked. I started taking Lamictal about 4 months ago and have been on the dose of 300mg a day for about 2 1/2 months. It has made me feel much more stable, not perfect&hellip; But much more stable. My stable mood is depressed, so I still am adding an anti-depressant to my list of medications. I 'm 25 years old.
I am 24 years old and have a 14 week old son. I have fought with depression most of my life due to childhood and what not. After having my son everything came crashing down. I was on the brink of a divorce and suicidal. So I ask my Dr, he put me on 50mg of Zoloft and I 'm now on day 4. Side effects for me are headache, tired, dizzy nausea. But I 'm sticking to it hoping those will go away. My mood is so much better.
Nuvigil worked great at 150 mg for a few months, then I needed to supplement with a quart of coffee in the mornings to keep me going until 1 pm.  Bumped up to 225 mg.  Not much better.  Very expensive, $90 per month ($3 per pill).  Aggressiveness, headaches, and thirst until I got used to it.  No side effects now.
I current take this medication to stay calm. I have bad anxiety due to some ptsd related issues.  I 've tried em all from Ativan-Xanax, and this medication works well. I currently take a generic brand. The brand is TEVA. I did not like the Mylan brand, for it was chalky and was weak. TEVA is a great generic Valium and it helps very well for people struggling from anxiety disorder. I hope this helps somebody.
Better than any other NSAID but when you have serious pain you will need something a little stronger.
DONT LET THESE REVIEWS SCARE YOU! Every one is different 9 times out of 10 ppl who like this pill won 't even share their experience its just the ones who don 't like it! It 's great I 'm 24 and have had no period no symptoms what so ever. I 'm already on anxiety meds but I don 't take them and this doesn 't change a thing in my mood I 'm fine 100% I love this PILL-no weight gain either. Happy pill hunting!
My six year old daughter is an asthmatic and the coughing she does while having a cold/flu tend to trigger it. I wanted to try a cough medicine just for bedtime to help her sleep comfortably without coughing spells. Sure enough Delsym did the trick! I had tried Mucinex and several others for children but felt they only made it worse. Within 35 min. The couching had stopped. I give Delsym an 8 out of 10 because it doesn 't last the full 12 hours but close to it. My daughter had no side effects as far as bowel movements, gas, or hives. Just a cured cough
I 'm 23. I always had small mostly unnoticeable blemishes. Just before my 21 birthday I got pregnant. So my hormones must have changed. I started getting larger pimples with redness, and the breakouts seemed to itch. I went to the dermatologist and she put on a regimen that includes Aczone 2x a day, along with Differin gel after at night, and ampicillin 2x a day, and I wash my face with Cerva. Though I 'm in the &quot;worse before better&quot; stage I have to say I like the Aczone. I have extremely sensitive skin and I have tried many things that result in dryness, redness, peeling and burning. With Aczone I don 't get anything like that. There 's a slight itch that lasts for about a minute. Just remember only a pea size amount. Cerva lotion is good at night.
For about a year I experienced a lot of my teeth needing root canals so about 6 months ago 4 teeth needed root canals the dentist couldn 't understand. They looked further the nerves were dying so they root canal all 4 I started to experience pain that you can not describe. Was put on carbamazepine 400mg a day which was helping.  
on day 6.So far so good, the only side affect that I seem to be having is disturbed sleep. This is relative to other factors as I 've had a few ridiculously early starts for work. My weekly average is about 10% less sleep than normal (fitbit). My dreams are slightly more vivid but not nightmarish. Grumpiness seems to be underlying most days, but I work with the general public that could just be normal and I 'm suddenly more aware of it due to keeping an eye on my mood because of the tablets. I cut down from 20 a day to 10 after 3 days. Yesterday 7 smoked. Today the smell of cigarettes and smoke is noxious. I 'm at the point of washing everything I own just to get rid of the smell, luckily I never smoked inside my home.
My doctor prescribed me Topamax as a preventative measure for my common migraines.  It helped with my headaches really well.  I used to get migraines at least a dozen times a month and this medicine allowed me to only have 2 headaches in the month that I took it.  I stopped taking it, however, because I felt so out of it.  I felt like a space cadet.  It also made me very moody.  Everything irritated and bothered me.  I didn 't think those feelings were worth continuing with the prescription.  I would suggest trying it, as those effects, from what I understand, are rare.  And, I have to say that I didn 't get migraines for a few months after I stopped taking it.  So that was a bonus.  As a side note, it does make soft drinks taste  'flat '.
I 've seen people on here say  , this is NOT an over the counter medication where I live. Also this is nothing like ambien -  ambien is a benzodiazepine medication, so if you 're expecting that then don 't! Works good for upset stomach as well as mild sedation, don 't expect a &quot;xanax&quot; effect, but they will help with your appetite,  and allow for some rest, also works good  to help nausea if you take medications that make you sick, like morphine for example. I am NOT a professional or even in the medical field, there are way too many &quot;shadetree&quot; pharmacists out there so consult a real one for a real diagnosis or answer, its just they won 't tell you what you &quot;want&quot; to hear like people on these forums will.
I started taking Qsymia on 10/20 at 263lbs and I 'm down to 256 as of today, so far so good, I will update every week with my progress. Not really experiencing any side effects as of now.
The first day I tried Zoloft, I sat and looked out the window all day, watching it snow. All I could think of was how pretty it was. But it also made my heart beat VERY hard. I could feel my blood pounding through my head and neck harder than I 'd ever felt before.  My doctor had me try smaller doses, but even at 25mg the same thing happened. So no Zoloft for me. Which is a shame, since it really did show promise.
It took about a week of daily doses for loratadine to start affecting my allergies, but after that, it was great.  If I stop taking it, symptoms return after 2-3 days.  This is not a short-term fix drug.  Try it at daily for at least 2 weeks before you decide if it works for you.
Out of the 3 pills I have taken (the others being Microgestin Fe and tri lo sprintec), Trinessa is probably the best. Microgestin caused not only constant constipation and the worst depression I 've ever experienced. I switched to Trinessa and these problems lessened within the first month. Trinessa did give me some nasty forehead acne and mood swings, but these also disappeared relatively quickly. My only real complaint is that until the 5th month on it, I would spot for a week straight before my placebo week. My flow was pretty heavy, but no terrible cramps accompanied it.
I was diagnosed with grandmal epilepsy in 2004, have tried alot of different medications over this period and Keppra has always been a constant during this time, with interaction with othersStarting on 250mg bd &amp; after a decade I 'm now taking 1000mg bd with 100mg bd of lamotragine.The main concern is that I 'm always tired&quot; mentally and physically,  having to rest quite alot &amp; lack of appetite although I have a feeling that this is due to the combination.I recently had a Petit Mal seizure and the Neurologist advised that it was due to missing one dose of lamotragine,  although Keppra by itself is a generally peaceful medication.I have been recently diagnosed with haematomachrosis, iron overload,  although they 've advised it 's genetic.
Love it! The hot flashes aren 't much fun, but they 're worth having no period or pain!
So I have been on the pill for just over a month and have noticed my acne get a bit worse. Other than that, it 's all positive. Absolutely no mood swings (if anything it has made me more calm)... zero cramps and lighter period. My boobs have increased at least a full cup size! Will give this a try for at least another 5 months as I have heard that acne can get worse before it gets better :)
While this medicine is no where near as strong Klonopin or Xanax for my anxiety, I have found that taking a 50mg Vistaril does just enough to take the edge off.
I received Habitrol 21mg free from NYQUITS. Started it on Feb. 1st. for 14 days. Worked GREAT for me. I then purchased Nicoderm after that and got such SEVERE  rashes  on my arms that I had to go to my doctor to get medications.  He said it was probably the glue from the patch. Now back on Habitrol.  This stuff is the BEST.
I 've just been prescribed these today and Im feeling a little better already I 've recently come out of a 6 year relationship not by my choice and I 've been really down and having panic attacks which is no good when trying to look after a three year old but I 'm feeling a lot less tense and my minds not on overdrive like usual
After taking the zosyn for 10 days I could hardly hear.  It has improved somewhat but not like it was prior to taking the medication.
Recently I have been having VERY bad allergies and went to the doctor. She said that I should try Allegra (not Allegra-D) and that it is available over the counter. I went to the store but could not find any adult 12 hour Allegra. This disappointed me because I knew the 24 hour pills usually don 't work. I went ahead and bought the smallest package of pills I could get (5) of the 180mg dosage. I took one and it cleared up my symptoms and made me feel better but that night I woke up after about 4 hours of sleep and could not get back to sleep. I didn 't take one the next day as I wanted to get a good nights rest. Yesterday I took another and the same thing happened again. I just want to SLEEP!
I have been on this medicine on and off for eight months now. I weighed 210lbs when I started and now weigh 163lbs. I have not changed eating habits however food portion and exercise is the key.
I take one a day. It helps me concentrate, and also helps me feel ambitious and less depressed. But when it wears off in the evening, I start feeling sad and easily agitated. I can take up to 2 a day, but I usually only take one, because I don 't want it to cause any heart problems.
It helps wonderfully for about 10 minutes then it slowly makes my throat dry.
I have been taking Viibryd for almost a month now.  I feel less lethargic before it was like I had a cloak of darkness  on.  I would literally wake up tired as I did when I went to bed.  I have slowly began to feel better and have more energy.  But the side effects are varied.  I have at least one brain zap per day and very vivid dreams but usually I forget them after I wake up.  I have also had a few bad headaches.  I believe this medicine is helping me but I am hoping the side effects decrease after awhile.  I am giving myself three months to see how my body reacts.  I will follow up my review then.
The medicine seems to work well but still bleeding so doc put me on canasa and prednisone seems to work better
I had the mirena inserted last Thursday 6/11/15. I took ibuprofen 1hr before. The cramp on insertion was not as bad as I thought it would be. Maybe the ibuprofen worked. The cramping has stopped but I still continue to spot. Other than spotting so far so good. Before mirena I was on the depo. I gained 20 lbs and what was suppose to help my bleeding only cause me more trouble. Depo caused me to have no period for 6 wks then I would spot the next 6 weeks until next injection. I really hope the mirena works out. Also with depo I had large clots. No clots so far since the mirena
Crazy, vivid dreams.  Dry mouth and insatiable thirst.  Increased appetite which subsided after a few weeks - stock your fridge with healthy food only or you will stack on the weight.  Can sleep the entire night without waking however oversleeping is a problem (10 hours) and I don 't want to get out of bed (the vivid dreams are more exciting than life).  Less anxiety.  Increased concentration, less procrastination.  Sensation in my eyes (dry?) - people say I always look tired.  Restless leg syndrome for first month of treatment.  I 'm surprised nobody on this forum has mentioned vivid dreams.  
I have been on Buspar for 8 months and it has mellowed me out without the feeling of being drugged. I have noticed that if I miss a dose my old grumpy and panic attack self comes back quickly. I have tried many things to help control my depression and panic attacks and this drug makes me feel better but I have to control my feelings more.  In other words it does not make you so numb that you are out of it like other drugs. It just takes the edge off. I recently also discovered that it could be the reason for my increased sex drive. I may be showing signs of hair loss (but it 's hard to tell given I am of that age when it happens) but I will take a better feeling and libido over hair. I have also on occasion noticed a metallic taste.
I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 9. I 'm now 22. I 've been on many medications for it. My favorite would have to be Adderall because it works now. Strattera is time release and it takes weeks to actually notice a difference. If you have patience for it then I 'd recommend it.
This is my second yeast infection not sure what caused it but both times I was on antibiotics for something else anyway the first time I asked my friend about using the 1 day treatment because I didn 't want to deal with the responsibility of taking something for 7 days she assured me the burning was not worth it so I chose the 7 day not only did I have no burning or itching but my symptoms were gone after the second use now the second time is a different story I again used the 7 day treatment and the I 'm on my second night the burning and itching is at about a 6 out of 10 which isn 't too bad but it 's annoying what helped was wearing loose clothing to bed and I also used aveeno anti itch cream it 's very messy so try to use at night only
I felt great. The pain seemed to go away all together. Yet after about 6 hours my pain came back much worse. It was great at doing its pain killing job, but it didn 't help me recover post-surgery.
Lexapro helped me in many ways back in 2009. I suffered with anxiety for awhile before I sought professional help. After many exhausting trips to urgent cares and emergency rooms, it was time to address my anxiety head on. After a trip to an urgent care in San Diego, a doctor prescribed me 10 0.25mg of Xanax. He said I should try it out to help ease my anxiety. Xanax worked wonders but I knew that it wasn 't safe for long term use. I eventually got a new prescription from my primary for a 30 day supply of 0.25mg of Xanax. I used it very sparingly and it took almost three months to finish the 30 day supply. My anxiety was still horrible and I was becoming too reliant on Xanax. I needed help fast! That 's when Lexapro changed my life.
I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia after suffering from pains in various parts of my body, exhaustion, and overall lack of interest in most everything.  I 've now been on Savella 50 me 2 X day for about two months.  My results are astounding.  Significant reduction in pain, no more feeling exhausted, more active, and weight loss which I needed anyway.  I do have episodes of mania though.  There are times it seems like I can 't stop talking.  I have experienced no negative side effects and truly feel like after about 8 years I 've finally gained my life back.  I know this is just my story, but I hope others can get the same positive results from this medicine.
I was diagnosed with Nacolepsy about a year and half ago and started taking Nuvigil.  I began with a 150mg dose once a day and the first couple weeks were great.  Like some of the other reviews colors were brighter, I was more focused and felt better than I ever remember feeling.  After a couple of months on that dose I started to have midday sleeping spells, where I could not keep my eyes open, even when in the middle of complicated work functions.  I would literally fall asleep while typing, waking to find the same letter across the page.  I spoke to my Doctor and the dose was upped to 250mg once a day.  I went throught the same effects as when I first started taking the medication.  Again the effects have slowly worn off.
After years of opiate pain medication for severe back trauma, I had to stop taking the meds as I felt myself not in total control.  Methadone has helped me stop taking the opiate pain meds, thank God!  It isn 't a &quot;wonder&quot; drug, but it DOES control cravings and sickness.
Great med, I 'm diabetic (45yr old) and for the last 12 years, having ED gradually increased and hard to keep sustainable erection. 100mg works great for me and last up to 12 hrs.  Some  headaches but aspirin or advils help.Even generic med works good too.
I 've been using Protopic (0.1% ointment) for about six years to treat facial seborrheic dermatitis. On the plus side, Protopic ended five miserable years of itching, redness and burning that no cream seemed to help, and for that reason I am truly thankful. On the downside, it 's very greasy (similar to Vaseline) which means it stays on the skin all day if applied in the morning. Drinking alcohol is a definite no-no too, as a tiny amount causes an awful reaction, making the skin immediately burn bright red.  Annoyingly, if I don 't use Protopic for about two weeks, when I reapply it the skin burns and itches intensely for a few hours (REALLY uncomfortable). Using it more often, say twice a week, does however resolve this problem.
My 12 years old son started Vyvanse 30mg more than one month ago. He is happy with the result in school. But what bothers me is he is kind of in slow motion especially in school (the teachers reported that).
Works for me....Double walking distance and endurance!
I have been on all different meds for CRPS that I got from a work related injury 16 years ago.  Tried just about all the extended release options available but they caused intolerable side effects. Even tried neurontin but only got side effects. This drug changed my life. I could function because the pain was tolerable for the first time in years. I do not know what I will do if it is ever unavailable to me. I still need something for break through pain but I can live an almost functional life now. I am at 125 mcg. every 48 hours. I found that 72 hours was too long between changes as the pain was intolerable on the 3rd day.
I was put on Duragesic when the MS Contin wasn 't enough to control my chronic pain, osteoarthritis and fibromyalgia, even with breakthrough medicines. At first the patches worked well once I got up to a dose that worked. The only horrible drawback is that I live in the desert and once the daytime temperatures got over about 90 degrees F the patches began dumping more because of the heat. I finally had to quit using them, due to side effects brought on by the high temperatures. Also at times I would just fall asleep. I finally quit the patches all together when I fell asleep driving and almost had a bad, bad wreck. I feel the patches work great for people who don 't have to deal with high outside temperatures.
Better than a lot of other ADHD medications. Helped me lose 5-10lbs in only a month, but my weight remained the same for a while then went back up to original weight, probably because of starting other medications. Been on it for 8 months, and it has helped with reading and impulsivity related to ADHD, but does not give a boost of energy and productivity like Dexedrine or Vyvanse does.
I 've been taking this medicine for sometime now, and it helps out a little with the anxiety and all. I 'm on 50 mg 4 times a day, but I usually just double up the dose, and take it twice a day. I was on it for several years sometime a while back, and when I came off it, it was just awful for the people around me. 
Pro: little to no period (I didn 't have one at all after month four), no weight gain (I am very active though), no mood swings.Con: Acne, headaches (not migraines), little to no sex drive. The sex drive issue is why I 'm trying a different birth control. I love my husband and want to enjoy married life. 
I have tried several medications for my Crohn 's Disease, including steroids, antibiotics, 6-mp, Entocort, Asacol.  After having surgery to remove my ileum, Colazal seems to be the only medication that has helped and not caused any major side effects. From time to time I have flare ups, but overall Colazal seems to be working.
I use this infrequently, but it 's been effective each time. I take for anxiety and high stress situations, but also to calm my brain so I can get a good nights sleep! Works fast and slows me down but in a good way.
I started taking Yasmin when I had a continuous period of bleeding for 2 1/2 months. I took it for 2 years until Ocella came out as the generic form of Yasmin. I had no complaints and it helped regulate all my symptoms and made that time of the month more bearable for me. I could get out of bed and actually function the way I normally do. The only downside I had to taking this is I did develop Gallbladder disease and ended up having an emergency gallbladder removal. I would recommend that anyone who takes this watch what they are eating too and limit lots of fatty foods.
I was on adderall for about 10 years after I lost too much weight on Dexatrin. I began when I was about 10 and went all the way up to 40-60 mg a day, depending on how I felt. I was great for focus, but I definitely had sweaty pits, which I find really annoying. After Adderall stopped working, I switched to Concerta for 3 years, then to VyvanSe, which was incredible. All of these medications, though, made me feel like a schizo. Because I started so young, I got used to the feelings, but I would be a robot when I was on them, and coming down, irritable until I ate, then crazy hyper. Adderall did everything it was supposed to do, and because of it I was able to get into a great boarding school, great college, and now grad school.
I have been on it for a few months now on 150mg. It helps me sleep but it does not help you stay asleep. so if you are able to sleep throughout the night this is a good product... i like getting to sleep and waking up more than staying awake tossing and turning all night, so I give trazadone 7/10
Took away the need for me to take morphine to dull the pain that is still left behind even after taken 15-30mg of oxycodone.
Nucynta has been working great to control my pain and back pain. I have Crohn 's disease and arthritis in my lower back. I took a combination of Vicodin and Percocet in the past with great results as well, but after 4 yrs I built a tolerance. I was skeptical at first since I read that Nucynta was a type of tramadol, which it is kind of, it 's a mu opioid. Takes longer than Percocets to provide relief, no nausea, even on an empty stomach. Had some bizarre dreams the first few nights. Big downside is the price even with insurance it is costly. I am just happy to be pain free, no head rush like percocets, able to take them at work too, unlike other narcotics I have been prescribed. I am taking 100mg ER every 12 hrs.
I have been taking metforman for several months and it has helped immensely. The only problems I have are with the smell and taste. Both are awful!
This is about the only muscle relaxer that helps me. I 've had stenosis laminectomy on the L4-5 level done which the stenosis cause spasms because it narrows the canal. I just have nerve damage for now and the back surgery went fine. I take one muscle relaxer 350mg with two Aleve together and it works better. I take two a day.
Very good medicine for treating symptoms but very difficult to discontinue usage.
Used Prepopik for the first time. I must say it worked very well for me. First dose and I was on the commode in less than 45 minutes.  The amount that you need to take is not bad and the taste is tolerable. Before the second dose four hours later I began to fell nauseated which lasted through the second dose making it very hard to drink the additional required amount of clear liquids.  I fought the urge to vomit for about 5 or 6 hours but managed to keep it down.  Overall I was satisfied when my doctor told me my colon was very clean from the prep. I will be a little anxious the next time if I use Prepopik because of the extreme nausea.
I 'm 26 years old and have always had irregular periods. Recently found out that I have PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome) and was prescribed provera. I took it twice a day for 10 days...and started bleeding about 3 days after they finished. I can honestly say it was the worst period I 've ever had! It was very heavy &amp; I felt sick and dizzy. And I was so emotional and I never get any sort of PMS usually. My period also lasted for 10 days. It stopped on Sunday there and I 'm bleeding again today (Thursday). Is this normal? Has anyone else experienced this?
I have been diagnosed with depression and panic disorder (for 20 years now). I learned over the years that if I could keep my anxiety/panic under good control I would be much less likely to go into depression (uncontrolled anxiety greatly increases the chance I will experience depression). Xanax works extremely well at keeping my anxiety (and hence depression) under control. These days I don 't need to use it continuously because just knowing that Xanax is there and works so well if I need it has a calming effect. I didn 't give Xanax 10/10 though because it has one annoying side effect for me: it kills my libido rather effectively if I take it for a few days. Apart from that, very tolerable - way more so than any antidepressant I was on.
My 6.5 yr old son takes 5mg XR on school days only.has been on it for 30 school days.  He does great in school and it appears a miracle help to him. It does seem to wear off too early so I will talk to the Dr. About that next week. When he comes home from school and we try to do his homework it is a nightmare. He has a very mild case of ADHD.  He eats well so far. He sleeps better and longer now than he did before starting the medicine. But a few weeks ago he told me he feels his heart beating fast and pains in his left side in physical education. Took him for a complete cardio. Check with EkG, ultrasound and all kinds of other tests. He checked out in perfect condition. So we will keep an eye out and see.
I 'm going to echo what most of the other posters her have said and say that Gabapentin can be effective for insomnia, but with a few caveats. I was prescribed 300mg/night by my doctor to help with insomnia induced by opiate withdrawals after recovering from surgery, and on the first few nights it seemed to work reasonably well. However, I did notice that my tolerance to its sedating effects built up rapidly, and by night 4 on 300mg my insomnia reared its stubborn head again. By night 6 I was determined to sleep well, so I upped my dose to 600mg. The result was the first solid 8 hour block of sleep I 've had in over a month, but after only two nights of quality rest, I woke up at 2:30am again today. So, beware tolerance build-up!
I 'm bipolar. I 've been on various medicines for almost 10 years. Well, my Dad died a few months ago. The depression and anxiety was so bad I could not function. My Doctor prescribed this along with my 40mg of Celexa. It took about a month -6 weeks before I felt any better. But I also have chronic pain from spinal arthritis. This medication has helped me get my life back! But in the process, I 've gained 20lbs in 8 weeks and I was already overweight. Its helped with my chronic pain and with the depression. I love how I feel on this but not the weight gain. 
This is a useful drug but care must be taken not to take too much when trying to get relief.The maximum start-up dose is usually greater than that needed to create problems in sensitive individuals - or if taken with another (incompatible) drug. I took 6 x 0.5 mg tablets for 2 days recently for an attack of left toe gout whilst starting on Simvastatin (for blood lipid lowering) and ended up with severe diarrhea (without any stomach pain). This knocked back the gout attack also, but cessation of therapy allowed it back with a vengeance and two very bad nights followed.I have cleared the statin after 2 days - so will start low dose Colchicine again if needed tonight- but keeping to 1-2mg max dose in future.
I 'm on week 7, I thought would wait until the effects kicked in to write a review. Regarding the side effects, mild nausea and lethargy for a short while after taking the medication, nothing to avoid taking the pill for. As for the results, very mild, but I notice a difference.  I speak more clearly and confident to people and I overall am less anxious. One big thing,  my constant worry about my health has subsided. I am 31 and live a healthy life bit I get a stomach ache and think I have colon cancer. These thoughts I laugh at now. I recommend taking this. Only 8 stars because it is not a cure all, only you can be.
I 'm 27 and had the Depo shot on the last day of my period and everything went fine for the next month and a half. I started spotting and kept spotting for a month, however I was told spotting could happen but with time and continued shots it could stop entirely. It was a little inconvenient but nothing liners couldn 't take care of. I have only taken the shot once and have decided to go with another form of birth control. My decision is based on the facts of bone loss with prolonged use and not to do with any other symptoms that have been attributed to it i.e. hair loss, weight gain, pain, emotional issues, as I had none of those symptoms but I may not have been on it long enough. If not for the possible bone loss I would keep getting it.
Works well for me...I have Multiple Sclerosis.
I took one of these huge patches back when I pretty opiate intolerant, thinking g it would be like a fentanyl patch Lol. This thing had me leaning after I smoked, couldn 't walk right. Didn 't like the residue left over.
I have used Augmentin several times mainly for skin infection (acne) and had found it effective although I took only half course of 7 tabs x 625mg on each occasion. So far I have experienced no sight effects. I also increased my probiotics intake while on this antibiotic. The probiotics should not be taken at same time but after a lapse of time, say four hours or longer after consuming the drug. I would recommend Augmentin as it is effective and to me there is no side effect.
I love my nexo ive had it 2 and a half years. This is the first birth contol ive ever used and i choose it because ill never remeber to take the pills and my fiance is well endowed and i didnt want him to be uncomfortable during sex with a vaginal implant and i also heard that they come out..The first year and a half was great the only draw back im having now is after getting my period maybe ever 4mts im getting it multiple times in one month i got my period and went off and about a week and a half later it came right back. Im also experiencing some pain in my sohlder on the side that my implant is on. I plan to see my doctor about that if it dose not go away. Also ive lost about 25lbsall in all im pleased
I don 't see a whole lot of reviews from younger men. I am 24 with all the usual symptoms as everyone else, such as no sex drive at all or motivation or energy.  T levels were 260. Got prescribed two pumps a day from the VA...I feel slightly better after about a week but nothing great yet. I feel that I need to go up to at least 6 pumps but I will find out in the beginning of Dec when my next blood work is scheduled, until then I will keep hope that it starts working better.
No side effects  with this med at all and blood sugar readings have been lower. This medication is expensive  but my Dr provided me with a savings coupon and I pay $5 out of pocket.
I 've used Subutex for 2 years for drug misuses. In this time I have struggled with weight loss. I 've tried eating differently to try to gain more weight. Now I have reduced myself to 2ml of Subutex, over this two year period have found weight gaining. I have also noticed cold nights sweats when in bed. I wake shivering and covered in cold sweats the bed sheets have big damp patches on them. I have found them very good at keeping me drug free.
I have been taking Gabapentin for approximately 18 months.  The reason for this is following &quot;botched&quot; surgery, I developed a haematoma 5.5cms. I had further surgery to remove the haematoma as it was lodged in my abdominal wall. I have been left with a neuroma and neuropathic pain. The only side effects I seem to have suffered are a gain in my weight and I cannot drink alcohol as it makes me feel sick but the drug has brought me tremendous relief from pain.
Vimpat is wonderful, in that it has stopped my seizures for the past two years. I am also on Carbatrol. Short-term memory loss I can live with, but my main concern is dizziness. I can 't find the combination of times to take it/foods to take it with. It seems like I find a combination that works for three or four days, then I 'm so dizzy I cannot stand up. Very frustrating.
My 8-year old son has been on various stimulants, in addition to regular clonidine, Intuniv, Risperdal, Seroquel, Strattera and Abilify.My son is extremely impulsive and aggressive to our family on a daily basis, and I had been thinking that nothing would help our son. Our new psychiatrist recommended Kapvay and we were very skeptical, as our son was irritable and even more aggressive regular clonidine with Kapvay, there has been a SIGNIFICANT decrease in our son 's aggressiveness.  He is still very obsessive, rude and defiant verbally.  So physically, we rate Kapvay a TEN in decreasing aggression.  But only rated it a seven due to other factors.  It is the ONLY medicine that has helped physical aggression for our son.
I was on the 20 mg of Copaxone for more than 10 years and took a break for about a year.  Felt that I was stable, I felt great, and MRIs were showing no new progression. Recently starting trying to get back on it using the 40 mg for the last three weeks and am getting rashes, hives, headaches and in general feeling worn out and &quot;MS-ey.&quot; Just not sure whether to be on it or not at this point.
I 've been on the gel for 3 days... First diagnosed with a UTI with no growth. Finished Cipro and still had symptoms. Second round- pelvic exam &amp; swab... Still had bacteria &amp; yeast so was prescribed metro gel. No side effects - but hasn 't helped my issue. Waiting for 2nd culture to come back to see if still UTI and wasn 't sensitive to the Cipro and need something new. Pains from hell
I was diagnosed with ADD when I was seven, I think. I had behavior issues in my second grade class and I drove my teacher nuts with my constant distractions and my lack of focus. Little things like small talk and excessive noises triggered my symptoms and I was put on Ritalin LA when I was eight. Ritalin was awful for me. I didn 't sleep very well at all. I had periods of insomnia and when I would sleep it was very prolonged in hours of sleep I was getting. Finally, after a couple of years suffering with this Ritalin I talked with my doctor about trying a new medicine called Focalin XR when I was 13 and I am almost 18 now. Focalin XR has been really wonderful for me. My focus is better. It does cause diarrhea, and mood swings.
This is a miracle medicine. I had a horrible cough for weeks, I started the medicine last night. It took about 30 minutes to reduce &amp; calm my coughing fits. The one thing I do NOT like is the ability it has to impair your thinking/judgment &quot;loopy&quot; feeling I get, then the  excessiveness drowsiness. Other than that, I love how it works for me!
So I totally agree with some of the comments below. I 've been on Seasonique  since grade 9 (in my second year of college as of sept 2015). I 'm not gonna say why but I will say that it was definitely great in the beginning. Periods became regular, I had my period for about 5 days which I find healthy in my opinion  since I don 't get it for 3 months and has cleared up my face from acne and pimples. As of this year, I have noticed that the pill isn 't working as it should. During the last week or 2 before the yellow pills or &quot;period pills&quot; I get constant on and off spotting. Then during the week of my period pills, I don 't get my period until the last few days.Usually wed to fri if following the actual week. Been taking it for 5 yrs now  
When I was 14 I was put on 450mg/day before bed time and within 6 months I gained 25-30 pounds. It worked super well to get rid of my hallucinations (including the tactile ones) but it made me extremely zombie-like. My grades slipped at school, and I slept as soon as I got home till the next morning. The first day I slept 22 hours. This medicine made me so hungry all the time and no matter how much I ate I was never full.
I got the Implanon at an early age of 17, in December of 2008. I had zero side effects and zero periods. It was awesome. Towards the end of the four years, however, I started having severe breakouts that my dermatologist attributed to the birth control as it was ending its cycle. After it was removed I started a simpler form of birth control (a pill) and I hated it. I just had another Implanon inserted last week.
I 've had it for a year and no babies yet! No periods, no cramping and no getting cranky. However I 'm starting to get my period normally again getting it checked out soon.
This product did work but I 'll NEVER use it again. I put it in and went to bed. I woke up about two hours later and my vagina was burning/itching like nothing is ever experienced. It felt like my v was on fire. Seriously!  It was horrible. I tried to clean it all out About one and a half hours later the burning and itching went away. Yes, the product worked but I burned/itched SO bad that I 'll never use it again. Just call the Dr. And get a prescription. You 'll thank me later.
Hello ladies, well currently I am waiting the results of plan B since I had an incident this past SUN 9/10. so me and my bf always use condoms but this past Sunday alcohol was involved so we went ahead and had unprotected sex, he pulled out the first time but  there 's the matter of precum so of course this was the stupidest decision we both could 've made, and I was expected to ovulate 3 days later. So the next morning. I went ahead and bought plan B  and took it exactly at 9am (13-15 hours after). So here I am worried to the point of having a panic attack but I 'm hopeful cause it 's worked for me before! I 'll be posting an update in 2 weeks when I take a pregnancy test. Good luck!
This birth control has positive and negative side effects. It does its job in not getting you pregnant. Personally I have not experienced major anxiety or depression. My mood has stayed the same. This medication does however make you more prone to being nauseous. I randomly will throw up and start to feel weak. Other than that it 's great. If you get neuseous easily I would recommend taking it at night!!!
First time using this prep and it does work much better than others. It is the most disgusting, fowl tasting thing I 've ever had. If I have to use it again I may try some of the tips I 've seen here like the lemons.  After getting 1st dose down it took about 45 mins to start.  The second dose was the hardest to get down.  I guess because I knew how bad it was going to be.  Almost didn 't keep it down.  Drinking this and the 32 oz of water in an hour makes you bloated for sure.  I did get a headache but that may have come from being dehydrated which I was by the time I got to my appointment.
I 'm 16 years old and I hav been on several anxiety/depression medications including prozac, zoloft, lexapro, propranolol, klonpin,etc I take 40mg once a day and this is the first medication that actually works for me. All of the other ones made me suicidal or more depressed. I can defintely tell when I miss a dose of viibryd I get sad and very emotional. I 've been taking viibryd for about 8 months. I have gained 15 pounds but I don 't know if that is because of the medicine or not. It really bothers me though. i have less of an appetite and sleep way too much, sometimes 4 naps a day. I fall asleep during school I 'm super emotional I easily get annoyed, sad, angry. I cry alot . I have no idea if any of these are side effects of the meds or not
It worked great at first but over time its effects diminished. The only thing it really does now is make me tired, I guess I 've been on it too long. I would still recommend it for short term use.
42 years old and did not know I had Low Testosterone until about two years ago.  I just thought my tired and hum drum attitude was attributed to my &quot;flip flop&quot; shift work. Had my blood checked and found my levels were in the 100-150 levels. Started Fortesta and after several Doctor 's visits and screenings to get the dosage right I was doing great. It is a shame that the discount program was discontinued in September of this year due to the generic coming out. My price went from 25 dollars to 100 dollars a month. With my insurance generic is the same as brand name now.
I have many different problems. I broke my lower back, my pelvis in twelve different places, my pubic bone and many other things. Also have a titanium rod my left femur. All due to a wreck I was in 2012. I have been through multiple surgeries. SI joint injection (which made my pain 10 times worse). Many different medications. Nothing has worked. But belbuca has made an amazing difference in my pain. I also get nerve block shots and just recently had my nerves in my back cauterized. This along with belbuca has made me feel alive again. Yes I still have daily pain. Yes I still wake up popping cracking and groaning from pain. But I take my medication and my pain level goes from a 9/10 to 4/5 pretty fast. Couldn 't be happier!!
Bloating swelling
I started taking Paxil about 2 months ago and it have saved my life. However the first two weeks of taking it was hell. When you first start taking it, your serotonin dips slightly because the drug is trying to adjust to your system. I suffer from a panic disorder and my anxiety was so bad that i had several extreme panic attacks where I have had to call up an ambulance. This happened 3 or 4 times during these weeks and one happened whilst I was driving on the dual carriageway. However these weeks are worth it, i can 't even remember how to have a panic attack and my self confidence is as high as it 's ever been.
My right foot has been extremely painful for the last 10 years. I realized there were days when I limped quite a bit. Friends started telling me, even on days when I thought I was walking normally, &quot;I didn 't know you were limping&quot;. I blame my foot pain on playing racquetball for 20 years. Finally had to quit.  Recently I had a cold which is now just clearing up. I began taking 400 mg of Guaifenesin yesterday. I took one during the day and one at bedtime. This morning I stopped at the grocery. When I got out of the car I immediately noticed that the pain in my foot was gone. I remember saying to myself, as I walked into the grocery store, &quot;what is this with my foot? It feels like it did over 10 years ago.&quot; I was able to run on it. Amazing!
I 've been on Apri for about 6 months now and switched from Necon. I can predict my period to the day and get no cramps and it only lasts 2-3 days. I 've seen a little weight gain and loss of sex drive, and I do feel as though I 'm a little more emotional.
I want to express that the throat cough is harsh and sometimes leaves your muscles sore. This is the main drawback for me.
First of all I have really bad anxiety and I was scared to take this. But Dr said I had to For a week. First time I took it I freaked out really  bad and had a panic attack which I don 't really ever get. But I guess it was all up hill from there. Because my anxiety  I really didn 't want to take any pills. I try to live very clean eating organic and exercise so this pill kills good bacteria in your stomach and that has a huge effect on your mental state and increases anxiety and stress. I feel better after taking it. But I lost my appetite and I wasn 't taking probiotics which is a must. .  So in a week I lost close to 10 pounds. And my stress and anxiety was through the roof. My only feed back is take a lot of probiotics with this
Started taking it for depression, (150mg) but have had IBS with diarrhea and cramping pain starting about 10 years ago. Taking immodium/loperamide at least every other day kept it under control since then, but after going on nortriptyline I 've noticed it 's improved this to where I only need to take immodium like once a week now to be completely symptom free.
I have been taking narcotics for chronic pain for about 25 years now.  I started with Tylenol with codeine and have progressed through just about everything (morphine, oxycodone, Dilaudid, Oxycontin, Fentanyl patches, etc.).  My pain management doctor had me on 60 mg of Oxycontin 3 X daily and it worked (somewhat) for a while until I developed a tolerance and it too became ineffective.  So the doctor switched me to 16 mg. Exalgo 2 X daily.  I was resistant at first, mainly because of reducing the number of doses per day but after I took it for a few days I was amazed. I don 't wake up in excruciating pain anymore and, even though the effects are subtle and come on slowly, it works better in controlling my pain than anything else I 've used.
I have had a problem with sleep for a long time. My doctor prescribed Seroquel 50 mg. It works great - it takes about usually and hour and fifteen minutes to make me fall asleep. I have to eat about 35 minutes after I take it because I get hungry from it. If I don 't eat I won 't sleep well. It 's a very good medication. I do sometimes once in a while feel dizzy and feel lightheaded. Other than that it 's good.
Opana has worked better than anything I have been prescribed. I have several bulging discs, 4 in the lower back and 4 mid back. I was taking 3000 milligrams of Vicodin daily, 8 to 10 x 325 mg tabs.  Now, I take 2, 20 milligram Opana daily, and only 2 or 3 Vicodin as needed.  Be sure to take Opana on an empty stomach, and don 't eat for about 2 hours.  Opana is incredible, my next Doctor 's visit, I will request a slightly higher dose, and quit the Vicodin all together.  Thank you Opana!
I 'm 21 years old with no children. I was on the pill from age 14-19 and became horrible with reminding myself to take them. Decided to try an IUD. I originally got the paragard. Shortly after I noticed I had developed horrible acne. I tried everything to get rid of it but nothing was working. Also my periods became extremely heavy and painful. I thought I 'd stick it out to see it those effects would go away. Had it for a year and my symptoms didn 't go away. I had it removed and decided to try the Mirena instead for the hormones. I 've had it for about 2 months now and my skin is almost completely clear. My periods are lighter with hardly any cramping. I have been spotting off and on since insertion so hopefully it goes away soon.
Very effective daily use 2 x 75mg per day. Hell if you forget one or two though. Now dependent on it!
This is my review so far :) So I started tretinoin 0.025 13 weeks ago. At first my face broke out so bad and was peeling so much I couldn 't even cover it with makeup. This happened around the first and second week. My acne then fluctuated from somewhat decent skin to having breakouts for then next 8 weeks. It was somewhat discouraging to see my face breakout worse from how I originally started, but thankfully, this past week and a half I 've had consistently clear skin with only a few blackheads on my chin area. My skin is very soft now and I can go to school (senior in highschool) and feel comfortable wearing no makeup. I only have a few scars that are noticeably fading each day.
I had two pretty worrying initial exacerbations in July 2011 and February 2012; since then I use Copaxone and I 've had no relapses nor new lesions (I write this May 2016). Injections are of course a nuisance, but what can we do.
Due to my history of migraine with aura,  my doctor suggested I went with a non estrogen birth control. I went back and forth about the copper IUD and the pill. I decided against the IUD because it isn 't a painless process for those who haven 't yet had children. Ive been on Jolivette for a month now. The first few weeks were difficult. I had breakthrough bleeding  (bleeding between your periods) and quite terrible anxiety. If I had stopped taking it then I would have rated this med a 2 or 3. After about 2.5 weeks in... my anxiety subsided, the breakthrough bleeding stopped and everything balanced. I was even able to decrease the strength of my anxiety medicine. My PMDD and endometriosis have been easier to bare, and So far so good.
It worked just fine. Took one and 12 hours later had a BM. No side effects. No cramps.
I haven 't really noticed any energy, mood or body changes. I just now that when I see my lab results the stuff works. Also, I have women ask me quite often what cologne I am wearing. They say it smells sooooo good!
I began taking Amitiza twice a day in 2007 and like others in this room swore by Zelnorm.  My experience has been great, although it seems I need to stop taking it for a few days every 4 to 6 months to reboot, so to speak, as it begins to diminish effectiveness.  I 'm curious if the extra long colon plays into our problems?  I deal with this as well.
This medication worked wonders! I was a little skeptic about it from doing research but with anything you google search; if you dig around long enough you will eventually find something scary. I have had no diarrhea while on this medication as some of the complaints were mostly about diarrhea, nausea, headaches and cramps. Let me tell you, drink PLENTY of water!  Don 't drink soda, tea, punch etc I mean straight up water! I also picked up Kefir, it 's a cultured low fat milk smoothie. It will do wonders for your stomach! I also took Zantac 150mg 30 mins before taking the metro pill. Only side effect I have had was a tender tongue under my chin. PS; if ur urine is dark (common complaint by most) u need more water people! hope this helps you!
Ativan is a great medicine and glad my psychiatrist prescribed me 1 mg 2 times a day. Though I use that as well as Klonopin but Ativan gets me to sleep sometimes and Klonopin keeps me asleep. Overall I believe its a God send.
I 've had the nexplanon birth control since July 1, 2014. Overall I love it. It was inserted quickly. I don 't have to worry about taking a pill every morning and I can have sex whenever. I haven 't had a period since I had it in. I have gained a little weight and my mood swings are all over the place but its nothing I can 't control.
I 've been on Apri for 7 months. This is my first time ever using bc, so I don 't have much to compare it to, but i 'm incredibly happy with it. My skin was gradually getting worse and worse with each year, and I can 't tell you the last time i 've had more than 1 tiny blemish at a time. My skin is amazing! My doctor did warn me about the initial side effects, and they were pretty bad honestly (highly emotional, weight gain about 10 lbs), but after I gave it 3 months something clicked and I stopped being emotional and I have lost all the weight and even a bit more. I have found that I don 't have much of a sex drive at all, but it 's not worth it to me to switch just for that reason. If you 're willing to go through the first few months, go for it!
My dose was increased to 500mg. I started out great on the 250mg. I think the 500 is too much for me. I gained 13lbs again, irritable a lot, etc.
VIN 111 - Had debilitating side effects first two weeks, bone aches, fever. But once my body adjusted it was just irritable at the site itch/burn. I used cool dry hairdryer and def seemed to help after application. Hopefully this works to avoid surgery.
I also suffer from anxiety and I take 50mg in the morning and 50mg at night. It works fairly well but maybe I need a stronger dosage. Zoloft has decreased both the depression and anxiety.
52 currently, Fibromyalgia began about 16 yrs ago.. Last few years have been really tough, and in discussing at deer camp with friends, one of them mentioned Mucinex. Read up, bought the 600 and raised it to 1200 's the next week. My pain is at least reduced by 50%! I 'm hearing other supplements in conjunction could help even more but for the moment I 'm very pleased to have been told about Mucinex!
Suprep Bowel Prep doesn 't taste as horrible as the GoLightly did; but that 's not saying there 's much of an improvement.  It certainly works quickly; approximately 20 minutes. Then it works frequently.
I was in hospital for Severe Ulcerative Colitis. I was so bad I was going 20 to 40 times a day. Right now I have no insurance, but can afford Lomotil, and it has me slowed down to 3 to 7 times a day which I love and can more than live with. It does say it can blur your vision but so can diabetes, and I take so much predisone it makes my sugar stay high all day too. 
Overall I liked this pill. You get 24 days of full hormones, 2 days of less hormones and 2 iron pills. The packaging for this birth control is the best I 've seen. No confusing circles. Each week is a straight line and the pills are easy to pop out of the package. The days of the week stickers are easy to apply and clear.I was on this pill for 2 months. I had break through bleeding the first month, which is pretty typical when trying a new pill. I unfortunately had issues with severe acne before taking this pill and it made it a lot worse for me. It went from just being on my face to all over my body by the 5th week.Other than the acne the only other thing I noticed was breast tenderness. I had no issues with this pill beyond that.
I was diagnosed with RA in 1987 after giving birth. Since then I have tried almost every drug available and my RA continues to ravage my joints. Actemra is working pretty well but I have had to go off of it for a time because my white blood count dropped too low. I 've been back on it for almost a year, I had to reduce my methotrexate in order to keep the WBC up and take 3mg of folic acid daily and 1mg of prednisone with frequent use of meloxicam. I am on Medicare. I can not get assistance for the drug that worked well, Simponi. J&amp;J did not offer assistance and I could not afford the high copay. The best thing about Actemra is the compassionate patient assistance team. They are always caring and helpful when I call them.
Apparently helps my a-fib, but causes bad bruising and bleeding from minor wounds.  I also have bad heart burn and take antacid frequently. This happens while I 'm eating, after, and also when my stomach is empty. A friend who tried Xarelto had the same problem, which makes me think it 's from the medicine, or at least it made it worse. This causes me lots of pain and discomfort, but I don 't know if another blood thinner would be the same.
I 'm over 300lbs I have only been taking this for 1 month and I 'm finally losing weight. It 's so strange. I 've been on metformin for about 6 months but it failed to lower my numbers. With this pill I 'm never hungry just thirsty. I have to force myself to eat at times. I didn 't notice the weight loss at first but everyone else did. Its coming off fast and I haven 't yet incorporated exercise or much of a change in diet. The only bad side affect I 've experienced is the frequent urination and dry mouth. I sometimes have bladder pain but only the times I don 't drink plenty of water. I 'm so excited to be finally losing weight!
I 've had my implant in for 7 months. Despite being anxious about weight gain, I was able to meet my weight loss goal of 10 lbs. Acne was a problem for the first few months but eventually cleared itself up. The main problem has been breakthrough bleeding, which went on for 4 months. My doctor finally prescribed the pill (Yaz) to help. I 've gone through two months of the pill with my implant in and weened myself off of it until the bleeding was gone. Admittedly it wasn 't fun at times, especially for the first few months, but sticking with it for awhile will be worth not having to worry about pregnancy and possibly not having another period for awhile, or at least being regular.
During my treatment of depression and RA--it seemed all the medicines stopped working at the same time.  I was taking Cymbalta.  I tapered off of it and tried Pristiq which worked horribly.  I stopped taking them all and researched natural remedies for depression--came across lithium orotate and SAMe.  I have been taking both for a couple of months now--seems to keep me level and out of the depressed state that I was in, so for now it seems to be working.
Helped very much with migraine but had hangover like feeling after
My experience with this drug has been generally positive. It does tone down my hypomania, and is amazing at helping me sleep (it used to take me up to 3.5 hours lying in the dark to fall asleep...now it 's closer to between 1-2 hours). However, it does give some weird side effects. It gives me intensely vivid dreams. I normally dream very little, but this gives me very strange dreams every night that I can very clearly remember on waking up. These dreams even frequently (3/4 times a week) cause me to wake up in the middle of the night! Would not recommend if you already have frequent nightmares or night terrors, as seroquel may make those much worse. Ineffective for depression.
I find that it is effective in controlling my migraines, however, the stomach upset from this medication is sometimes worse than the headache.
I 've had my IUD for almost 6 months now. I researched a lot about birth control before picking the Mirena. In the beginning, after having it in, it is a rough ride. Bad cramping, bleeding for a month straight. Once that stops and ur body  adjusts, it 's pretty nice to not have to think about birth control. I still PMS, get cramps, and have spotting around the time I would be having my period but not anything like how it was naturally. I have concerns about long term affects bc I 'm only 21 and I would love to have babies one day, just not right now. Bc IUD are so new they are still working out long term affects so I would only suggest getting one if you are done having kids.
I started Paxil a month ago I had  no effects.Im on 40mg. It made me feel good after two weeks I was alot happier.
I have ADHD and have been taking Adderall for 5 years now. I take 30mg in the morning and sometimes a 10mg in the afternoon. It helps me to focus in school and get better grades. I have gotten to the point where I will not even go to school without it.
This is my third time using the depo, in between children. After reading comments I thought I 'd share. When  I have my first shot I bleed continuously with cramps and I suffer migraines for a couple of months but then after the second or third it stops altogether with occasional spotting. Now for me whose normal periods are extremely heavy for four days, with cramps, back ache and migraines lasting longer I know it 's worth the two months of a normal bleed for however long I 'm on the depo for with just spotting. It 's just a matter of waiting it out for the effects to start. I haven 't had a migraine in over a month, I 've spotted once, I 've had no cramps for two. This time round I 'm just coming up to my fourth shot
I definitely noticed a difference since I stopped taking klonopin about two weeks ago now. I wanted to see if I could deal with life without being medicated. On the plus side it also took my migraines away and didn 't make me edgy like other medicines I 've been on. I took it with Wellbutrin. It took care of my depression and anxiety perfectly.
I loved this medication until it gave me stroke like side effects. The side effects kept getting worst to the point where I couldn 't stand up, grasp anything, I talked funny and even messed with my throat to the point of chocking. It is a very dangerous drug with crazy side effects,  not worth it. I did loose weight about 15 pounds, because I was never hungry while taking it.
I got my Skyla put in today. So initially I assumed I would have a check up before I even got it put in so I haven 't taken any pain medicine before. The Dr. putting some numbing stuff and then gave me a PAP. After she stuck a clamp and tried to stick the IUD In but my cervix needed to be  dilated  because it wouldn 't go in. That pain of the  dilation  definitely hurt and putting the actual IUD hurt. But not like intolerable pain. It felt like the worst period cramp I 've ever gotten +1 for like 30 seconds. And I usually get pretty bad period cramps so it wasn 't anything new to me. (If you don 't get bad period cramps it will definitely hurt) Walked out on my own and went home and took ibuprofen. I 'm slightly cramping and no bleeding yet.
I was prescribed flexeril for muscle spasms after spraining my lower back muscles while lifting a TV by myself. It was very helpful as a part of my recovery.
I was prescribed this medication several years ago for allergies. I was told to take it twice a day. It was effective; however, it did cause insomnia to the point the doctor instructed me to take it once a day. It also gave me headaches the first few days taking it. Other then that, it was highly effective.
I was offered these by my pharmacist after taking Phenergan which had ceased to work.I took them now for three nights, didn 't fall asleep for over an hour but stayed asleep until 8,30am, a small miracle and so much better than my usual routine, bed at 11pm, sleep at 2.30ish, wake until daylight, fall asleep when its time to get up.Next two nights I didn 't need one, so far so good. Very pleased. Yes a bit drowsy in the morning but easy to work off when busy.
After trying rescue inhaler and corticosteroid inhaler, I used Symbicort 3 times so far, 2 puffs morning and evening. I haven 't experienced any asthma attack but a different type of breathing problem with burning sensation in my chest with nausea and I had to use rescue inhaler. Will call the doctor soon to see if lowering dosage will improve that.
The side effects are very strong for me while taking this however, I don 't ever remember breathing this good. I feel like there are parts of my lungs that haven 't seen air in years.
I 've been on Safyral for about 6 months now, when my doctor first put me on this pill I really liked. It was my first time going on birth control so I was nervous about all the weight gain rumors. But it was fine, I didn 't gain any weight, I actually lost weight and my breasts got bigger. My skin cleared up, it has been a great contraceptive so far, but it made me so emotional. Maybe 2 or 3 months in I just got so depressed, randomly I would just get so sad and not even know why. I cried all the time, I had a short fuse, the littlest things would just upset me and I 've never been like that so I 'm switching. Everyone is different though and besides the emotions it was a great birth control.
I have been taking Letrozole for one year now after a diagnosis of hormone related breast cancer. Initially my consultant (UK) said I would need a right sided mastectomy.  However two weeks later when the biopsy results were back he said he did not think surgery was possible because the tumour appeared to be attached to the muscle.  However, CT scan and MRI revealed a 1mm plane between the tumour and the muscle - phew!  Letrozole was so effective that it shrank and softened the tumour and by January 2015 I was able to have a bilateral mastectomy.  Lymph glands and bone scan were clear.Side effects:  persistent hot flashes, so I always wear blouses with buttons and carry an ordinary fan in my handbag; it is a life saver.
I am a 14 year old girl who has been suffering from acne since I was 11 years old, about 2 months ago I went to a dermatologist, and she prescribed me tretinoin cream .05. My acne has always been small to average sized pimples on my upper cheeks, chin, and some on my forehead. Now my acne is in bigger bumped forms, and it has formed all around my cheeks and some on my jaw line. My confidence level has dropped completely. I have scheduled a new derma app to see whats up, but from reading these positive reviews telling me to stick it out, that is what I am going to do. Goodluck to any tretinoin cream users!
I have been taking it for 5 months it seems to be working for u.c., just having joint pain which makes hard to workout some days. Would like to know what would help the joint pain.
Exforge worked well for me in controlling my blood pressure. On Exforge my blood pressure would be ideal, 125/75. The main problem I had was fatigue and reduced energy. I 'm a serious cyclist and know that Exforge suppressed my physical strength. It appears it 's the amlodipine component that does it. Trying Azor now.
I have tried nearly all anti depressant/anxiety medication and Venlafaxine has been one of the best for me. My mood is more balanced, my sleep is improved and I am more motivated than before starting the medication.The side effect of nausea lasts a short while after taking a dose ( 37.5mg 2 x daily for me) but the overall positive effects are worth while. I found that Venlafaxine has a quicker effect than other SNRI 's with fewer side effects.
It 's not often I get norovirus, but when my stomach is empty and the heaving persists, this helps me. It does make me tired. So I sleep it off. By the time I wake up the heaving has ceased.  Maybe I 've experienced some dizziness. But with a virus, I wasn 't intending to clean my house or run a marathon! I 'll just take heaving cessation!
OxyContin has served me well over the years for numerous severe injuries.  At first I was prone to abuse it either by using more than the prescribed amount or mixing with alcohol.  It didn 't take long to figure out that for extended relief which allowed me to live a normal life I had to strictly adhere to my Doctors orders.  It did take a while to garner the full benefits from the extended-release pills ,however, it has been worth it.  The tolerance level is hard to deal with but with exercise and careful diet I feel in control and much more active.
After trying a number of different things without much success, the zaleplon/Sonata is helping me go to sleep and staying asleep for up to 7 hours.  When I wake, I 'm refreshed and have no hangover whatsoever.
I have been using this product twice a day for several weeks.  Other than a small amount of blood in nasal secretions, there have been no noticeable side effects.  I have experienced decreased nasal congestion and improved breathing.
I 've had Trigeminal Neuralgia for over  16 years and the only relief I 've ever had was Carbamezapine. Until recently Walmart was trying to save me money giving me the equivalent,  Epitol,  which I was told I 'd of the dance formulary. This can 't be correct,  because I can barely function due to being extremely sleepy with this drug. I had taken Carbamezapine for so long and it worked 11 on a scale of 1-10. Changing my medicine without my consent was not a cool thing to do and I earn others to make sure that they look into these things before taking different medicines. I 'm not pleased with Epitol at all.
Ok I am 16 weeks pregnant went to ob for other symptoms and was told I have a yeast infection.  I have these in thd past and would always take diflucan but was told to use monistat 7 day..so the first few nights I sat on toilet put it in and got to bed and most leaked out ..well tonight I tried laying down..absolutely no leaking!..I recommend laying down!..also I have no burning or itching now (first 3 nights I wanted to chop my lower half off) and I believe that is because its staying in and not getting on the exterior. .good luck!
I have tried multiple medications for my depression and this has worked the best. For the first few weeks I had trouble sleeping but after about a month that subsided. I did lose quite a bit of weight as this medication made me lose my appetite. It took me  months to get my appetite back. Overall despite the side effects of loss of appetite and sleep in the beginning I really love the medicine. I take 300mg a day.
I was on Zoloft for 8 years and the side effects became unbearable and it wasn 't working for me anymore.  My doctor switched me to Lexapro.  Its hard to say whether my side effects initially were caused by the withdrawal from the Zoloft or the Lexapro.  After a few days I felt like myself again.  I didn 't have trouble sleeping, but I gained 10 lbs every 6 months.  I have had a lot of stress in my life and the Lexapro wasn 't enough for me and had to take Xanax on occasions.  Lexapro does not treat PMS mood swings so I usually took the Xanax around my period.  It helped, but the weight gain was depressing and no matter what I did I was hungry all the time and couldn 't lose the weight.  
I 've taken 40 mg of paxil for anxiety and depression for 14 years and it was life changing. Slowly it hasn 't been as effectIve and recently I felt as though I hadn 't been taking anything at all. Now I 'm back to where I was before paxil and feeling like an emotional mess. My Dr just increased my paxil to 50 mg and then if that doesn 't work, she may have me try something else. I 'm wondering if anyone else has experienced this?
I 'm not sure what mental issues I have exactly, they 've told me this and that over the past 15 years. I got people talking going on and seeing them. I also have anger outbursts and take things out on myself, but doesn 't happen when I hear and see the people. So anyway, I tried Risperdal before from my doc and it helped me to be able to read and understand what I read, but with Abilify it 's not as good, although Risperdal made me have gynecomastia big time, and Abilify doesn 't cause as much prolactin.I think it 's a decent medication, but the voices and seeing people are still strong and break through the veil, even the mask of the medication, so I 'm not cured. But it 's better than nothing I guess. But one day I may go off of it.
I took Alli for 2 months when it first came out last year.  I didn 't experience any effects because I stuck to the diet. Reading what could happen if I went over my fat grams scared me. I stuck to it and went from a size 18 to 14. I stopped taking Alli and during the winter gained some weight back.  I recently decided I was going to go back on it.
Coming from a very problematic childhood, I 've been labeled everything from A to Z by psychiatrists and given a slew of meds. Wellbutrin in my experience has been beyond beneficial. At first for the first week or two I had slight tremors, irregular heartbeat, major insomnia and headaches but dismissed. I still have slight insomnia which is why I take them when I wake up. But reading comprehension, multitasking, thought focus and moods overall have dramatically improved! I 'm one of those people that may have to take them for the rest of my life but I 'm not complaining =). One thing that does bother me tho is dry mouth from wellbutrin but I take biotene which helps a bit. Enough to make it worth it anyways lol.
I took Loestrin 24 FE for five years and loved it! I had no weight gain, hardly any acne or mood swings, and absolutely no cramping. I started taking birth control because I was missing school due to cramps, so this was a significant benefit for me. The two problems are that I frequently missed periods, and that it was extremely expensive due to the absence of a generic. 
Originally prescribed doxycycline for 14 days for Lyme Disease. There was a 2 year gap before diagnosis/prescription, which apparently makes a big difference in a bad way for long term efficacy.The first round, I didn 't have any adverse effects at all.  Easy to take, no upset stomach or significant light sensitivity.  After the first few doses, I could feel pains I didn 't have before shooting through my arms. Was told to expect that as a Jarisch Herxheimer reaction (biotoxins due to bacterial die off).Prescription was extended to 2 months; at 1 month, symptoms were worse to the point of not being able to walk easily or grip anything heavy.  By the end of 2 months, I was 80% better (though still with lingering symptoms). Effective.
Helped a lot. My cough was horrible and this helped me through the nights. I would recommend this.
Couldn 't sleep last night. Finally at 3 am, I looked in cabinet and found this. I took 2 blue tablets. 30 mins i was asleep. Friend texted at 10 am, woke up and I was extremely groggy, unsteady, heavy eyelids. Just felt weird. I drank a cup of coffee and still groggy. Hours later, i still felt bad. Went back to bed at 2ish. I decided to check out what the heck happened. Looks like I took to much. It did put me to sleep at the expense of my saturday off feeling like crud. Will try 1 next time. 2 was to much for sure.
It 's strong and it works. Slows you down a bit and there is some drowsiness but if you are suffering it 's worth the trade off.
I was first placed on 100 mg gabapetin  three times a day to help relieve nerve pain shooting down my arm due to the assumption that there was an issue in my neck. Once the C5/6 herniation was confirmed by an MRI my neurologist increased this amount to 300 mg three times a day. I have noticed a great deal in decrease in the nerve pain but still feel about 30 percent especially when it wears off does to does. I can also still feel a great deal of the muscle spasms through the gabapentin and regular narcotics do not touch the residual pain. I was also placed on Diazapam (Valium) to help with the nerve pain. It helps to some degree but not entirely.
I started contrave on 11/6/15 @ 191.2lbs as of today 1/21/15 I have lost 14.8 lbs I 'm on my third bottle. Side effects went away after 1week, except for the dreams, and I only sleep 6 hours per night
I started taking Loestrin 24 Fe because I didn 't want anymore kids. To my surprise my periods became nonexistent and it also cleared my acne. Before starting the pill my period was normal (3-5 days of flow and bleeding was normal to light by the last day) and I had mild breakouts but keep in mind, I have always suffered from these breakouts. Well after being on the pill for about 2 months my skin was clear and I didn 't have a period. I stayed on the pill for about 3 years. I did have severe mood swings and my breast size did increase just a little. I never gained weight, in fact, I actually gained 5lbs after stopping the pill. I was taken of the pill because I 've been having swelling reactions which my doctor thinks is being caused by the pill.
Prax Lotion works well with my allergic rash. It also helped my wife 's shingles rash!
I have been on this medication for years. I do not take it on a daily basis. When pain pills do not work so good I take a Dilantin to help stop the pain. I have found if you take any of the medications for this disorder your body gets used to it and have to up the dose. I also take Ativan at night if I am not able to sleep because of pain and do not take it every night because my body will get used to it. This is the worst thing I think a person can get and have to live with because it is like getting beat in the face everyday all day long. Oh and do not have your tooth pulled thinking it will get better ... because I have pulled all mine and still have the same pain. 
I am someone who sweats anytime under my arms, it could be for any reason and I would filter my life around it.  Loose shirts, dark colors, and I would rarely ever raise my arms for the fear that I would show my stains of sweat. Talked to my dermatologist and they offered my Drysol and I absolutely loved that I could wear anything and I wouldn 't sweat, but it does have its downside to it. I am a girl and shaving under my arms irritates the crap out of it and burns, I tried to use nair instead of shaving and it burns even more. I honestly do not know what to do.
I am a young (22 year-old) female who has bursitis in my right hip. I 'm anteriorally rotated, and have a gluteal strain, so it doesn 't help my hip.  Physical therapy has significantly helped, but my hip pops every step I take, and often pops out of place. Again despite the physical therapy, the pain sometimes becomes unbearable. I have tried about 4 different drugs before Lortab. Lortab is the only medicine that eases the severe pain (when I 'm between 8 and 10 on the pain scale). It is not to take for every day, but it is AMAZING.  For me, the downside, which I have heard from many people, is that it can leave you feeling anxious, and I generally can 't sleep if I take Lortab.  I think the benefits far outweigh the negative.
I am so happy today because I was pregnant and it was 50/50 either my baby can also have it. I 'm on my seventh month but with the help of my therapy I took the medicine seriously and now I have my baby and he is negative and I look good too. If I don 't tell you am sick with HIV you will never know.
Hi, I started developing acne when I move to USA, I do not know why but I could blame the food, environment, the hypothyoidism or an irritation after bleaching my hair or those brushes that a girl used on me that were dirty. Honeslty, I don 't know. It has been a month already since I started with Clyndamicin 1% lotion day and night or sometimes in the middle of the day if I come back home early and I will be there for the rest of the day. I clean my face and do Clyndamicin.  I have not gotten the same amount of acne that I used to, I still get some. My skin seems to be clearing up and I am getting less, so it is working.  However, I still have 2 months to see. I am positive that will work but not sure what happens when I get off.
My true experience with (Flexeril) is very positive.It will reduce your Flare-ups. I have Chronic Myofascial pain Syndrome and Post-Traumatic Fibromyalgia. I received this Disability from a (Auto Accident). Post means (Trauma). It is wise to make sure you are with the proper Practitioner. Not everyone is capable of treating this painful illness.
I 've been on levothyroxine since I was about 16 (I 'm 38 now).  I stopped taking it in 2005 and found that my after plucking my eyebrows they didn 't grow back.  I had hair loss, fatigue, mood swings, everything you can imagine....I had it.  I am now going back on the dose I was on prior to stopping which is 325mcg 's.  I know it 's a lot but my thyroid is so off the charts they need to ramp me up.  I 'm hoping I won 't feel so tired and bi-polar after a few weeks of being back on the medication.  I 'm not really clear on why I stopped taking it but I 'll be happier for being back on it.
This have been a very good medication for me. I still have some symptoms like voices, and seeing things that are not there but, I am able to realize that they are not real and I can better take control of the situation.
The most effective and reasonable sleep aid I 've taken. A single pill (25 mg) before bedtime will make me drowsy enough to fall asleep within a half hour, and it generally keeps me asleep throughout the night. Drowsiness the next day is a problem for me, however, if I take it too late in the previous night; it tends to stay in my system for quite a while and, as said in previous reviews, it 's not something you should be taking every night. But it 's still my go-to drug whenever I know that I need a good night 's rest and I 'll be able to sleep in the following morning.
I have been taking Seasonique since I gave birth to my second child March 2011 and I enjoy having only four periods a year. However, I do notice that once my period comes I experience severe migranes where I am knocked to the floor in pain. I also get moderate acne around my jawline when I do have my period even though I do not mind it as much since it helps out with my acne when I do not have my period.
I started this pill November 28. My doctor told me to take it because I 've been suffering from pelvic pain or whatever you would like to classify it and I didn 't like the idea but he said this is the only option until going further so I decided to try it. I noticed December 8 that I got pinkish discharge that turned into a week of spotting. I 'm still getting random bits and streaks that are worrying me. I 'm guessing its normal but I don 't like it. Some things I 've noticed is more headaches, ankle tension, random leg pain, and acne! I had perfect skin before taking this and while its supposed to help, it does change your hormones. It went from one pimple to 7 or 8. Also, weight gain! Breasts are definitely bigger though.
Every review I see on this birth control is horrible. I 've had it in for almost 5 maybe 6 months and its been GREAT. I used to have a very heavy period.. Now I 've only had 2 periods and they was so light all I had to wear was a panty liner. I don 't understand why people say all these bad things? And about the weight gain that was my BIGGEST concern. I weighed 117- 120 before the implant. I 'm 17 years old btw. Now I weigh about 109 - 110. So I lost a good couple pounds. And about the mood changes. None from not really having a period anymore my mood has been fantastic. And my sex drive has gone way up because of the difference. I just took my big sis to go get the implant a week or so ago. Getting it put in dose not hurt at all. ITS GREAT!
I 've been on Wellbutrin sr 150 mg for depression and anxiety. I was very hesitant to try another medication after negative experiences with other meds.  I knew however that I needed more help than therapy alone, so I decided to give wb a try.  Initially, I had some insomnia, nausea, headaches, and severe light sensitivity. However, these effects passed and were mild compared to how much better I felt. Within 4wks i had more energy, felt less anxious, and the depression started to lift. I felt focused, peaceful, and content. All was well until about two months ago when some anxiety resurfaced (exams). Doctor tried to increase dosage, but the side effects were terrible. So i remain on 150 mg, but still feel much better then my pre-wb days.
I have been taking Topamax for about 2 full months now. I had a sudden onset of massive Migraine 's.In one month alone I went 27 days with Migraine 's, I was a nonfunctioning person. I ended up in the hospital for 2 days finally,I started taking this wonder drug!I have only had 2 bad Migraine 's in 2 months.I am able to go to work and most of all function at home.I do find however that I have memory issues, and speech issues, ThankGod everyone around me is very understanding and we laugh about it.
In early November of 2016, I was  Diagnosed with PCOS. I was prescribed birth control named &quot; Tri-Sprintec&quot;,and a 100 mg per pill diuretic named, &quot;spiralactone.&quot; The reason I was easily diagnosed with PCOS is due to the unbelievable painful menstrual periods I would experience time after time. Not only that, random black hairs would pop up around my face and I 'd have to constantly, routinely, pluck my chin for to get rid of the single course black stubborn hairs. Before I had my medication my acne and facial hair was terrible my depression and anxiety made me want to hide.  After 3 months of the combinations it meds I have notice an instant improvement to my skin.  I can 't wait  for the day where I 'm  completely acne free
I have been suffering with back pain for 18 years. I have had two surgery 25 EPO injections, radio frec. (that 's when they burn the nerves) just to name a few. I 've been on this for only one week but it seems to help, but it 's still early. I am very good about following doctors orders and he is one of the best. 
Insertion was actually more painful than I expected. My doctor prescribed a pill for me to insert 12 hours prior to my appointment, which was supposed to &quot;numb&quot; the area in a way. Still, I had a lot of pain when my cervix was first clamped down on. A quick shot took this away in no time and shortly after, it was all done! I could even drive myself home with no issues. Such an easy process. I didn 't have a bad recovery period for the next few days. The cramping wasn 't bad. Then, I didn 't have a period for the next two months. The main difference I 'm noticing is that I get cramps all month long now. And, during my actual period, the cramps are far more severe than they ever were before. Regardless, I think this is far preferable than pills!
After experiencing crippling anxiety and panic attacks, I took a leave of absence from and eventually lost my six figure lucrative job in Boston. I went into a residential treatment center for 2 months. I did a 7 week trial of Celexa and Paxil. Both made me severely more anxious, agitated, jittery and gained 20 pounds. I felt completely hopeless. At the center, they also introduced me to Vistaril. It was the ONLY thing that worked (besides Ativan, which is addictive). At one point I was up to 75mg/day and noticed my resting pulse was consistently 25-30bpm higher than usual. My diastolic BP also consistently was 10 higher. I lowered my dose to only 12.5mg/day and pulse and BP went back to normal and still worked well. It won 't help depression though
I 'm 21 years old and me &amp; my guy use protection every time. This particular night he got too excited &amp; pulled the condom off. Unfortunately it was the day I ovulated. I 'm working and in school so having a baby right now is not in our plans. I went to the pharmacy and got the pill for $50. It was around 3 hours later when I took the pill. I had some cramping and nausea for two days after the pill. My period came on at the usual time 2 weeks later. It was a lot heavier than normal, but I wasn 't pregnant. I came here to read reviews before my decision, so I hope my story can help other women or couples.
I started LoLo about one month ago. I switched from Nuvaring to the pill. Everyone is different, but for reference, I 'm 26, 5 '8&quot;, 130. I 'm pretty healthy and wanted to see how this would work and now I 've had nausea for about 3 weeks, low sex drive, low appetite. My skin and weight have not changed at all. Called my doc and she said my body is getting used to the meds. Hoping this ends soon because it 's no fun!
The best pain medication, that I have ever used. Been on pain meds for 25 yrs. If not for this I would not be able to walk.
On day 10 of Fetzima 40mg after lexapro stopped helping me even though i still take it. So far so good it seems to be helping my mood hope it continues. No side effects that i notice. Going to be upped to 80mg as long as my BP is ok. The struggle continues wont stop till i find some kind of normality
I got my implant in September 2007, a month after I had my daughter. It was practically a painless insertion, the only thing that kind of hurt was the numbing of the area. It stings a bit when they inject the medication in your arm. I love this thing, its the best ever. I 've had no periods until now. I would recommend this to anyone who is absent minded and forgets their pill.
I 'm a 20 year old female who started taking Vyvanse about a year ago. I take two 70s every morning and I still end up feeling exhausted around 9 every night. I 'm pretty sure I 'm heavily bipolar though and that my family isn 't listening to me causing me to frankly, lose my mind. I end up skipping a lot of pills and that seems to help. Those days I feel comfortably idle.
This my 2nd birth control and let me say its a BIG improvement from my last. The 1st week of my 1st packet I had some dizziness/nausea and I got my period a week early. Other than that this pill has worked well for me, especially since my breasts have grown. Also, although acne is 1 of the side effects I find myself having no pimples now (although I 'm not sure it would have the same for moderate or severe acne). I would recommend this to anyone.
Recently I had replaced my Implanon with the second. While insertion I got an infection. On the first Implanon I had NO problems whatsoever. It did not hurt and never had any side effects. I have had more problems then ever with this second one. I have had two infections since December 2012. I am on my second antibiotic now. As much as I hate to think about it, if this does not clear up after this cycle I will be forced to remove it. Despite the infections I love the Implanon, the convenience and my insurance took care of everything!
I started this about 6 -7 weeks ago after laparoscopy for small endo on my bowel and top of cervix was unsuccessful. The first month was a nightmare. Started with worsening pain symptoms and an extra-long last period. Mood swings were outrageous. Crying, all the time and a little feet/ankle swelling. Started adding back therapy and spironolactone a week ago and as I reach the end of month two, I 'm pain free and I feel emotionally more stable. The side effects are manageable, at least right now. So if you can get past the initial period, it works.
I love that it completely stopped my outrageous heavy bleeding, which in turn made me anemic.  So I am happy for that.  However, the only side effect that I am experiencing is super dry skin on my arms, neck and face...I feel it is aging me overnight.  Some constipation, and not really hot flashes but warm spells every now and then.  Can 't wait for surgery to get my hormones back to work.
Last night was my first dose.  Half of a amitriptyline 25mg tablet.  I took it at quarter to midnight, but did not finally fall asleep until around 5AM.  I slept for almost twelve hours.  I guess I need to take it earlier if it doesn 't knock me out like I expected.  The light hurts my eyes today.  I can 't look out my window.  Artificial light isn 't as bad, but still hurts.  Despite these problems, I feel more clear than I have in months. Maybe even years.  Any pain that I have is very slight, so I 'm thinking that 's why my doctor wanted me to take ibuprofen with this - because it will actually be able to help with my pain now.  This is only after my first dose, but I am pretty excited.  I can move around the house again like a normal person!
I 'm using Subutex to get off methadone and eventually become opiate free, if the pain issues which mandated narcotic relief in the first place, will allow it. I went from 90mg of methadone to 16mg of Subutex in only three days i.e., 90mg methadone to 40mg, 20mg then 10mg and onto 8mg Subutex which precipitated almost instantaneous withdrawal sickness of the first magnitude. In spite of repeated doses of Subutex these symptoms lasted 1.5 days and all this in a hospital setting. Point is, one needs to be in a fairly uncomfortable stage of withdrawal before taking Subutex or you may well find yourself in an even worse situation.
After changing jobs I was feeling depressed and was having anxiety attacks. Although Zoloft worked, and the first day or so were fine, I experienced intense prolonged anxiety in the remaining days of the first week. There were a couple of days there when it was relentless and extremely difficult to deal with. I 'm on day 6 now and it seems to have passed. I get the odd pang but it goes away reasonably quickly. I feel calmer and more relaxed. Much less likely to react to little things. I do feel like my sex drive has dropped and it is harder to orgasm. I have a slight dizzy feeling that 's manageable (I hope it goes away). I also commonly have a dry mouth. Lost my appetite. Haven 't felt like exercising. Only 1 week in.
I have frequent episodes of diverticulitis. My doctor prescribes a 10-day supply of Bactrim DS. Many times 10 days is not enough to completely clear up the problem so I wind up needing an additional 10 days worth of medicine.I have not had any bad side effects from this drug. I wish someone would create a drug to prevent diverticulitis.
No problems on this medication.  On it for three years now. My blood pressure has gotten better and better.
I have severe anxiety and had horrible side effects from benzodiazepines. This medication has been very helpful. I am taking 0.2 mg. twice daily. Started with 0.1 mg.  I recommend slowly increasing your dosage because it tends to make you drowsy until you get used to it.
I 'm 26 and have been taking this medication for about 9 months. The first few weeks it made me shaky and thirsty. It immediately got rid of my sweet tooth, and it 's true food doesn 't quite taste as good with it, but I 'm happier with that being the case. Before I took the medication I had been severely depressed for nearly 15 years and couldn 't bring myself to take antidepressants. I finally hit an incredibly stressful period in my life last year that made me feel completely hopeless every minute of every day. Wellbutrin does not make me &quot;happy&quot; and &quot;laughing like a kid&quot; as some other users say, but it does make me feel like I am back to the same level that most people are on, kind of right in the middle, which is 100 times better than where I was.
I want to share my experience in hopes it will help someone else. I am 55 and have been prescribed this drug since I was 23. Like many of you, I unwittingly discovered my severe panic in public speaking situations at the worst of times. At a presentation. I bombed it bad. Runaway heartbeat, profuse sweating, high pitched voice. I thought my career was over. This had never happened to me before. By sheer grace of God I saw a Dr who prescribed Inderall LA. I tried it out in medium pressure situations and it worked great. I ventured out to higher pressure situations with great results.  I now own a company with 60 employees.  If performance anxiety is your problem, this is worth a shot. Be aware it might not be your only problem. Good luck
Ok so I have delt with acne my entire life even in my 30s. I was given this med for another issue and I noticed my skin is clearing up. I have been reading some of the reviews and not to be judgmental but I am shocked at how many people are using this med for 6 plus months. Transplant patients it 's a must(my mother is one)  but to use this long term is not my cup of tea. With bacteria becoming more and more immune to everyday meds what will they do when they have a severe infection like staph and it no longer works. Hospital bound on vanco, I know from experience. Trust me my acne is horrible and I truly understand the heartbreak but risking immunity from an antibiotic is not worth to me. Think long term. Just my opinion, God bless!
This is my second YI. My first one I ever had I remember laying in bed next to a trash can because the burning/pain/itchiness and just overall uncomfortable feeling was unbearable. I tried the three day one and never had a problem with it! I now have my second YI and started by using the 7 day treatment which was more of a pain because of the mess. I switched to the three day one because my symptoms were not getting better and I am sitting here now so much more comfortable. While I do have a slight burning/itching sensation I can only imagine that is due to the irritation. It is much more of a relieving feeling than the gross infectious feel before treatment.
Surprisingly this is the only SSRI I have been able to tolerate at low doses with beneficial responses and minimal side effects.Taking 20 mg and it 's doing well at 1 year to minimize depression and panic attacks, though I tried going to 30 and became insomniac, down to 20 again, no problem.  No sexual side effects at this low dose. No major weight gain, though I am a bit concerned about diabetes, A1C is climbing despite (or as a result of) my efforts - not sure if the Paxil is behind that too.
My Dr. Prescribed Sprintec for hormonal imbalance, PMDD. (I 'm 42) I take active pills for 3 Mos. Before I have a period. The first 3-4 days during the first week I get very nauseous a hour after taking. I started taking my pills at night and crackers help too. My breasts have doubled in cup size (not a bad thing) and are swollen and sensitive. I 'm hoping this subsides after my breast stop growing. I have also gained 8-10#. My Dr. Prescribed a water pill to help reduce swelling. I think I may need a stronger RX. (I have gone off Sprintec in the past and the 8-10 # 's drop off in a month or less) Sprintec helps a great deal with my symptoms which include: Mood swings, headache, backache, painful cramps, depression.
My husband used to take Paxil &amp; was able to ween himself off successfully,over 6 years ago. Now,after being severely &amp; permanently injured at work,having spinal surgery 2 years ago, he has severe anxiety,with good reason! &amp; his doctors have put him on Valium, then Ativan, &amp; then Klonapin.  But recently, a new doctor asked him to try Lexapro. Boy what a wonder drug so far!! Very few side-effects,and it really gets him focused and happier!! If it continues,it will be a miracle for our family!!!!!!
Xanax XR is very similar to Klonopin. It 's slow to start up (around an hour) then it lasts a long time (8-12 hours). It has subtle effects and no big highs and lows in anxiety like regular Xanax IR does. I highly recommend Xanax XR for all-day (or  most of the day) relief from anxiety and panic attacks. You might want to have regular Xanax or Ativan around for panic attacks on a when required, or as needed, basis for panic attacks only.
I 've always had trouble falling asleep so I bought these one day to try it out and they work great for me. They knock me out in 30 minutes and I get a good nights rest. I use it every once in a while when I have a lot on my mind and just wanna sleep. Only downside to it is that I have a very hard time getting up in the morning when I take one and it makes me sleep even longer which I don 't prefer cause it messes with my sleep schedule.
Did what birth control is suppose to do , caused frequent crying spells around my period time for no reason at all.. The cramps were horrible causing vomiting which never happened.. Overall it does the main job, prevent pregnancy
I have been taking Celexa 20mg for about 3 months for social anxiety disorder and it 's worked great so far.  I am much more talkative and social around people.  I don 't get shaky and don 't dread meeting new people anymore. Someone at my last party asked me if I was high at a party when I hadn 't been drinking or anything.  He said usually I am sitting in the corner being anti-social.  I had a touch of nausea when I changed from 10-20 mg, but other than that I do sleep deeper and I think I have less nervous energy than I used to.  I was also yawning uncontrollably for the first month, but I am much more happier.
I 've been on it for about 4 months now. At first, my breast were so swollen, went from a 34 b to a 34c. I haven 't noticed excessive weight gain, but I have been watching what I eat and working out frequently so I guess I can 't really touch on that. It curbed my appetite a little - lot less snacking and craving. After a few months, my breast didn 't hurt anymore and I am in-between and B and a C (yay!) My finger nails used to be so brittle, noticed that they become very strong on Sprintec! Hope you guys find the right meds for you! But I approve very much of Sprintec.
I have tried all other formulations of birth control pills without success. The only way I can describe it is that I feel clinically insane when taking birth control pills, and this was the last option to try. I should note the reason I went on it is because my body stopped having periods, I went over a year without any periods (I wasn 't pregnant, and was 23 yrs old). So I went ahead and tried it. I was not as crazy on this, and it cleared up my skin completely. After about 4 months though I completely lost my sex drive. Like from 100 to -100. After my periods regulated out I quit taking it. Now 8 months later I am back to not having a period and just started taking it again the other day. This time around I am feeling kind of sick.
I got switched to Gildess when they started shipping it to me. Ever since I 've went from having a period for 3 days to hardly having one at all. I will spot a little once a month. I 've also gained alot of weight. But I 'm not positive it was all due to the pill or not. I have noticed low sex drove but I figured that just happened after getting married. Lol.
I 've been on Wellbutrin for two months for depression. On Effexor I gained 30 pounds. I have already lost the 30 pounds in two months and my depression is considerably better.
I am starting my 4th month and it is it worth it, it got rid of all my back/chest acne but I still have some on my face. It has helped a lot but the side effects suck. I 'm playing football and some times I have the desire to do nothing. And sometimes I don 't feel good for no reason like (depression) also the chapped lips get me mad because everyone ask why am I putting chapstick on 24/7. If you are going on this beware of side effects but in the end it will be worth it
6 years now and nothing has worked until Viibryd. I 've been off and on meds for 20 years, but this last bout of depression was about killing me. It 's been two months and I 'm doing great!
Have been on 15mg for one month.  It helped almost immediately with depression and sleep issues; however after ~ 3 weeks I began having trouble tasting food and drinks properly and have a mild but constant bitter taste in the mouth. First two weeks had the voracious appetite,but it has subsided significantly.  I intend to see my Doc this week about the taste bud issue, and may ask him to get me off of Remeron.  Also, I 've been on Paxil for the past 7 years (20mg at this time) and perhaps the &quot;taste bud&quot; issue is due to the combination of Remeron and Paxil.
I have been on Copaxone for 14 years.  I have been fortunate in not having any more major flare ups and have remained fairly stable.  I do have the tiredness and lack of energy at times, but sometimes feel so good I can almost forget I have MS.  The first 12 years were the 20 mg daily injections and had the usual problems with site injection lumps and itching.  I was changed to the 40 mg 3 times per week approximately two years ago and recently went to two injections per week because the insurance coverage is changing.  I am going from my regular insurance to Medicare with a supplemental plan and will not have to pay $4,000 per year out of pocket.  In my opinion I felt the best doing the 20 mg daily than taking 40 mg 3 times/week.
Helped relieve some symptoms but did not completely resolve the issues.
I found the Suprep very difficult to take. I followed a low fiber/ light diet at least 3 days prior. The straw was somewhat helpful. But the buildup of whatever chemical they put in the prep was quickly overwhelming. I got through the first dose but threw up after drinking all the water. It started working after 5 minutes. I had alot of discomfort and cramping and chills. The cramping was relieved after I started going. I  was disappointed it took so many trips to the bathroom.  After starting the 2nd dose the fluids started running clear. I did not finish all the second dose. I was happy to pour about the last one quarter cup away and everything associated with it. My endoscopy and colonoscopy went fine. I will never do the Suprep again
Tears again spray is helping heaps for dry eyes and excess tearing.  Needed to use it for several days before I felt a big improvement.  
This is my second month using Reclipsen. I had no problems the first month (no weight gain, no headaches, etc.). Now, this month so far I have gained around 2-3 lbs. If I get anywhere close to gaining 10 lbs I am done with this birth control for sure! I just keep trying to weigh my choices. I 've been pregnant at least 4 times and I gained about 2-3 lbs. with each pregnancy. So, I think gaining a few pounds on birth control is okay compared to gaining it while being pregnant and having a miscarriage. So, yes, I 'm okay with the side effects of Reclipsen so far.
I haven 't been on a birth control since I was 17, now am 20. I just couldn 't remember to take it so it didn 't do any good. My boyfriend and I both decided it was time I tried to take some form of birth control instead of just using condoms. I have premenstrual dysphoric disorder, depression, moodiness, terrible irritability a week or so before my period. It was interfering with my life and my relationship with my boyfriend. My doctor put me on Gianvi and I had no premenstrual symptoms! Its only my first month taking it. I did have pretty terrible cramping but day 2 has been fine. I guess we 'll see if things change around month 2 or 3 but so far I love it and I 'm glad I 'm back on something so I don 't have to play guessing games with my period.
My 9 year old daughter has used Depakote for 2 years now for seizure disorder. I am happy with it as there are little side effects. We increased the dose when a seizure occurred. When the dose is high enough it helps with her migraines as well. She gained 5 pounds but we keep it down with a healthy diet. 
Hi everyone , I 'm 39 years old guy from sweden, I have soft tissue sarcoma in my stomach wall and it spread to the bones (legs both femural head and sternum and my headscull that was removed) I have started votrient 201508 800mg/day. The first 2 weeks I had a fever and felt really sick, stomach problems pain and diarrhea, it took about 1-2 months before I felt normal with this med, the pain from my bone mets disappeard pretty fast (1month), I have had new scans after 3 months and the results was pretty good, sternum and right leg was nothing left :) the left leg there is only about 30% left. I 'm going to have new scans this month so lets see hoping for more good news.... the stomach tumour was the same
Everyone is giving this drug a bad rep... I 've been on 2 pills, this one only makes me moody just before my period which is normal for someone not on birth control, no weight gained and my acne isn 't awful. By not awful I mean I 've had acne for 7 years and in the past year on this medication it hasn 't been as bad as it has been in the past. No medication is perfect but this is a pretty good one, I think a lot of people blame this medication for their life problems when that just may be their life.
I started to have severe panic attacks out of nowhere 3 weeks ago. I didn 't even want to leave the house, and I started to self isolate. My friends started to wonder why I was acting weird, and I honestly thought there was no hope. My doctor prescribed me 0.5 mg twice a day of klonopin, and it has worked GREAT. I have only taken two doses, and I am starting to feel normal. I am tired, but my doctor told me that I would feel sleepy for the first couple of days. But this medicine has worked wonders for me already, now I can focus on moving on from my anxiety attacks!
I have fibromyalgia. Meloxicam together with Naproxen, the only medicines that gave me considerable relief; although as expected, it is still not enough for fibromyalgia in particular. However, it is surprisingly good for a NSAID.
I 've had this for about 8 months and it 's been horrible. I 've bled the whole time. Headaches. Weight gain. Moody. My face has broken out and nothing seems to help it. Cysts and it 's sometimes  'new ' blood but also sometimes dark  'old ' blood. I want to get it out but boyfriend doesn 't want me to...he 'll never understand what it 's like to be a girl.. Lol
My 6 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD last year. I saw signs during the preschool years as he was kicked out of three schools. This has been a trying year as we started him on Concerta, Focalin 2.5, &amp; Focalin ER, Intuniv:(Although the stimulants were great and we saw the benefits, it was difficult for me to see the negative side effects (tics and meltdown).  I had mentioned to my doctor a month ago about Clonidine to reduce side of effects of stimulants. She declined as she was uncomfortable with providing adult medication to children. However, she contacted me about Kapvay which has been wonderful. Day 6 and a bit sleepy unlike Intuniv (sedated). I will keep you up to date.
I have been having incredible TMJ pain and back pain in ages soo it seems(10 years)  I have been on countless pain medications for my back pain and more recently TMJ pain after undergoing athroscopy surgery.  The pain in my TMJ has been horrendous and then some and been recently been prescribed Lodine and its almost been so good to believe.  Its a medication that can work very good and definetly worth a try and see if it works for you.. :)
It works quite well, I used to have numerous whiteheads constantly covering my chin but this works well. Occasionally I will have a few pimples but normally its during sports and when I 'm not playing sports I 'm clear. The biggest drawback is it is very hard to apply. It leaves a white flakey coating all over your face that is hard to remove with out removing the product. I normally get rid of it with moisturizer but it requires two applications that are hard to rub in.
I 'm on 1750 mg of Depakote which was fine for the longest time but when the doctors add other medicines unpleasant side effects and sometimes more seizures occurred. The only side effects I 've experienced were weight gain and thinning hair but I can help control and minimize the effects on those. It 's the effects I can 't control that worry me; just like it confuses me why most of my seizures coincide with my menstruation.
I am very pleased. A good erection a while.
Okay i have tried the gel, the only side effect is loss of appetite and a bad yeast infection. Looks like i growing biscuits, but the diflucan took it all away.... !!## It work!!!
I am 25 years old, and I have had the Mirena implant for 2 years. I had it put in a month after I gave birth. It is a very effective birth control, but I have noticed a change in my sex drive. Or non existent sex drive. My skin also feels more oily than it was before. Overall, I think it is doing the job, but it could be better.
My experience with this pill is good and bad, after reading everyones comments I realize that I am more moody and tired. I also wanna cry over the smallest things. I too have lost 15 lbs on this pill (weight I could not afford to lose by the way) and my appetite has severely dropped. But my periods are on the exact day everyone month, and my acne is gone except for the week of my period. 
I 've been taking Prozac 20MG for 3 weeks now. It has changed my life. I take other meds (Xanax 1MG, Depakote 1000MG, Norco 10/325MG, Nexium 40MG) For other problems. Well I take the Xanax 4 times a day as needed to help with my anxiety and panic disorder. My Panic attacks were so bad I was hospitalized for a week. I couldn 't function. I suffered unknown seizures because of panic disorder. Now I can Go about my Life. The only problem I have with Prozac is that it makes me go to the bathroom very often. The first few days it made me sleepy but that went away. I 'm 16. It also helps depression too, its helped mine a lot. I would recommend this to anyone who suffers from severe anxiety like me.
This stuff is awful! I haven 't eaten any solid food today, so I guess taking this on an empty stomach triggered my GERD(acid reflux disease) the fishy after taste was also horrible!  I vomiting just as much as I went to the loo! Ugggg! There has to be a better way to cleanse the colon people....cause this is pure torture!!!!
Ok so.. I didn 't know what was going on... this medicine has totally changed... my side effects are nausea, lower back pain every Time I stand, mouth taste blah and tired.oh gas and diarrhea .. so glad tomorrow is my last day... the best advice I can give is to eat heavy...
I have been on microgestin 1/20 for about 4 months now and it has improved my acne immensely! Before this pill I tried everything to get rid of my acne and spent so much money on different kinds of acne face wash and stuff like that. When I finally decided to take this pill, I was scared because I read all these reviews and none of them were very positive, but for some reason for my skin it has highly improved my acne and for the past 2 weeks I have not gotten a pimple on my face and it is also slowly healing my scars too. The first 2-3 months it is hard to see results and takes a little bit of time to really start getting into your system. Along with clearing up my acne, it has also taken away my very bad cramps from my period.
I 've had a generally positive experience with Trintellix. The only negative side effect that I 've noticed is some nausea. It was enough to make me sick on a couple occasions, but I continued to psh through because of how badly the depression was making me feel. I 've now been on the medication for over 4 weeks and I 'm feeling more positive, less depressed, and even the nausea is easing! This medication seems to have less side effects than other medications that I 've tried, such as Prozac and Cipralex (Lexapro).Tip: If you experience the nausea, try eating a little bit of carbs to help settle your stomach.
Today is day one of the rest of my life.  That is what I keep telling myself.  I 'm a little nauseated and my joints kind of hurt a little.  I 'm a lot more tired than I thought I would be but from what I have read that will pass.  I am not sure when I should be taking the medication though.  I will keep everyone posted on my progress and hopefully in a week or so I will be singing the praises of this medication.
Seems to be helping. Still cough a lot.
I normally take xanax to get off to sleep, but here lately I have been taking it in the day time as well, because I get panicky through the day now as well. Wish this anxiety would just go away and stay away. Have an appointment with a psychologist but I really don 't think it is psychological.
I 've been on bydureon for 15 months.  Recently, I started experiencing nausea and vomiting after my weekly injections so I am going to be switching to trulicity.  I really did well on bydureon in the past.  I lost 30 to 35 lbs total and my A1Cs went down to 6-7.  I 've had tons of knots but they usually go away in a couple months. I 'm hoping there will be less bleeding with the trulicity since it has a smaller needle and none of the mixing hassle.  The only reason I don 't give bydureon a 10 rating is because of the mixing, knots and bleeding.
I 've been taking this medicine since December 2009, and I haven 't had a seizure while taking it. I 've doubled my dose according to my doctor 's instructions since then and am now taking 3000 mg/day, the max adult dose. I 've noticed an increase in anxiety and severe anxiety symptoms since beginning Keppra, but other than that it 's been a great medicine.
First time using an anti depressant this long. I have tried others and couldn 't stay on them for more than one day because of terrible dizziness and other strange side effects. I 'm only on 5 mg because I have a low tolerance for any type of medication. I did experience some nausea     but I sleep well and feel a lot better than I did before taking this...if you are also someone who doesn 't believe in anti depressant medicine but has tried natural alternatives that haven 't worked I would definitely give this a try on a low dose very good medication!
I 've been on Lunesta for about 7 months and it 's made a huge difference.  I can actually sleep.  The taste hasn 't bothered me as much as it seems to bother some people.  I take it and then read for a while and often the next day I can 't remember what I read, but now that I 'm used to it, that doesn 't bother me either.  My doctor said it 's not safe to take it for an extended period of time and tried to switch me to Rozerem, but that didn 't work at all, and I insisted on the Lunesta.
This medicine has good and bad points with me so far.  I agree with the others--it makes my tongue go numb for a while and tastes horrid.  The only side effect I experience (and I usually get the weird ones) is a slightly alarming drop in blood pressure.  I just follow instructions and sit and stand very slowly and carefully.  So far at 10mg 2 x day, it is doing a great job of controlling both mood swings and hallucinations.
Started on phentermine 30mg just 4 days ago with a private prescription.  NHS are not allowed to prescribe it.  Starting weight 15 stone 1lb and have lost 10lb already. I 'm 5ft 4in tall with a small-medium build, age 34.Pretty much lost my appetite completely but I also feel a bit uneasy/jittery.  I was hoping I would experience some of the more euphoric side effects but I 'm also suffering with a heavy cold so maybe that 's why I don 't feel energetic. I 've had quite a few headaches already but this may be that I need to increase my fluid intake so I 'm going to do that. Yesterday I only took 10mg (1/3 of my tablet) to make sure I could sleep last night. The first 2 nights I wasn 't able to sleep.  Pleased so far.
Dried up the acne after a few months, though side effects during the 12 wk treatment included nosebleeds, peeling lips, sore feet and joints. Worth it though, still get the odd spot, but feel normal again and don 't hide away from the world anymore.
I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder 3.5 years ago. Initially, I took Lamictal and Saphris for one year. Saphris made me too drowsy too often, so now I take Lamictal and Latuda (60mg).  I recommend taking Latuda at night with food. If I take it in the morning or during the day, I get very restless and can 't still still or focus on anything. I have no problems if I take it right before bed with a snack.
I started taking Qsymia at the end of June 2015. I received a card from my family Doctor giving me 3.5 months for FREE. I have done great on the first 14 days and the next 30 days of 7.25/46mg. Loosing a total of 23 pounds. However when I tried to get the next prescription I was told by my pharmacist that I would have to pay an outrageous amount and receive just the $75.00 coupon off. I am extremely disappointed in this company. They offered the free prescription and now refuses to allow you to receive them. I followed everything asked of myself. I know of another collage this has happened too. Same situation. The pills worked for me. No side effects at all. But if you receive a coupon/ free card from your Doctor beware!!!! It is expensive!
my husband took meprobamates for about 30 years, he has been called bipolar schitzoaffective disorder ptsd manic depressive take a guess, seems every Dr has a different opinion. He did fairly well on this along with Paxil and Wellbutrin, but one Dr changed him to Klonapin (along with several other meds) and he has been on various doses of Klonapin for the last 5 or 6 years, now Dr swapped Lexapro for the Paxil and decreased the Wellbutrin and he is about jumping out of his skin. Oh how I wish we could find a Dr that would put him back on the meprobamates, he did so much better on those. I do not understand their reluctance, extremely hard to find a psychiatrist in our area especially one who will take new patients or geriatric patients.
I have been taking Yaz for about a year now. My skin cleared, my periods have always been light, my cramps are normal, or easier to deal with. However, I cannot gain weight, and my breast 's grew about a cup size. I know these things don 't sound like a bad experience, and I am not saying I dislike this contraceptive, but obviously, not being able to weigh more then 115lbs isn 't exactly normal. I also just don 't really have much of an appetite. I am especially hungry in the morning. I occasionally get tension headaches, however, not sure if that has any relation to this. 
I absolutely love Zoloft. It took my panic attacks away on 150mg. But I had 40 pound weight gain, sexual side effects, no orgasm, lack of interest, very tired all the time. I could sleep any time of day, I 'm a 22 year old female just stopped it to try Viibryd.
I just recently started taking Victoza in August 2017 I am on my 2nd pen. I like that my sugars are no longer 495 or higher I am actually in the mid 100s. I started out on the 1.8 dose not the lower like I have read everyone did but I started out taking trulicity but my insurance wouldn 't pay for it.  Yes I have had the bloating, cramps, god awful smelling and tasting burps, no appetite and i have had weight loss. I cannot stand the sight of smell of food half the time and have to force myself to eat. I lost 6 lbs in the 1st week and a half. But I am happy with what it is doing for my sugars just wish there was a way to get rid of the burps. P.S Tums help a lil bit. Thank you all for your comments they have made me a lil less nervous
I 've been taking Tri-Sprintec for almost a year now, and it does what I started taking it for: regulating things. However, I experience terrible cramps, irritability and mood swings, which I never experienced before I started taking it. I 'm sticking with this pill because it keeps my periods short and light, opposite of before I was taking them.
I 've had a pretty good experience with this birth control. I didn 't experience any mood swings or weight gain. I actually lost a bit of weight the two times I switched to Kariva from a different birth control. Overall I felt better on this birth control than any other that I have taken. The big issue that I had is that after taking it for a couple of months I would get breakthrough bleeding in the middle of the month. The bleeding would last so long that it pretty much a second period. It was a bit frustrating being on your period for half of the month. It might have decreased my sex-drive a bit too.
For almost four years my life was completely out of control, what had started out as playful became my worst nightmare. I spent several years homeless, and in and out of institutions. Eventually, I had hit my rock  bottom and became desperate enough to fully surrender, that meant quitting alcohol, and putting down needle. Vivitrol helped me stay stopped. Before getting the shot I used to have cravings all day every day. Now I am to go about my day without worrying if today is the day that I relapse. Vivitrol gave me the extra push to stay clean and go about living a normal life. Cocaine/Mali etc users don 't have anything to help them staying clean. So I am truly grateful for this drug! It helped me realize that life can be wonderful without drugs
I 've been on Tri-sprintec for about 8 months and it is really effective. So far, I 've had shorter periods (4 days) and I don 't notice a lot of acne or emotional issues. However, I have had a weight gain of about twenty pounds on this medicine despite the fact that I was actually exercising more than I did previously. I 've always had problems gaining weight and had been about 105 lbs for quite a few years so a few pounds wouldn 't have hurt, but this weight gain was pretty troubling due to how rapid it was. I wanted to wait and see if things slowed down but I think I am still gaining so I may talk to my doctor about switching to a different pill.
This drug really did wonders on my skin. I know everyone 's skin type is different, but I used to have horrible cystic acne all over my face when I was 14 (literally no place on my face was clear). I decided to go to my primary care doctor and she prescribed me with 100 mg of minocycline twice a day for however long I needed it and a benzoyl peroxide cream. After a few weeks I saw immediate results to my skin. Eventually it got pretty cleared up with a few breakouts every once in a while. I had stopped taking it regularly by sophmore year of high school. It didn 't break me out immediately, but it slowly came back all at once and now I 'm being put on doxycycline. If you take a oral med make sure you stick with it!!!
What can I say, dx with mild ADD too (who isn 't anymore)  But this taken with Effexor XR has helped very much with apathy, motivation, energy and enjoyment of life!  Dr. 's reluctantly Rx this bc it is Schedule 2 substance and is mostly Rx 'd for ADD/ADHD but it has a profound effect in boosting the effects of an antidepressant.  Taken alone for depression?  Not really a good idea bc it wears off fast.  I take 20-30 mg a day (TID)
Began taking temazepam for pretty severe insomnia, day 1 - 3 slept 16 - 18 hours each night, day 4 was bad. Got a few hours, day 5 was a solid 8 hours and I can honestly say, I haven 't felt this good in years! I feel like a new person. Also taking Lexapro, no issues with side effects.
Went on these 8 weeks ago. 4 weeks on 10mg then 4 weeks on 20mg.  They 've just started to work properly and I feel much more positive.  To get the most benefit I 've had to stop drinking and improve my diet.I was pretty depressed and having anxious thoughts for two years before taking these.  I 've taken Elavil, Remeron and Lustral before but not really had good results.  Felt odd at first but side effects have reduced.  Still having strange feeling yawns, slightly delayed and weaker orgasm (was much worse to begin with), along with a little insomnia.  I 'm putting up with these.  I think Lexapro is &quot;cleaner&quot; than the other SSRIs and more precise.  I plan to take these for a year and then take a break, but will need them again in the future.
I 've had Nexplanon for 7 months.  I 'm rating it an 8 because I have only one complaint: mood swings.  I 'm a pretty sensitive person, but on Nexplanon I 've experienced (about once a month) a very serious sadness, almost like depression, when nothing at all was wrong.  Previous to this I was taking the pill (Apri) and I experienced some mood swings, but nothing compared to on this.  On the positive side, I love everything else about Nexplanon!  I don 't have to worry about taking a pill every day or picking up prescription on time, insertion was quick and easy (Planned Parenthood) and I did have spotting a few months (for 10 days, then 12 days) but other than that my period has disappeared which is nice.  It 's not for everyone but I recommend!
I  had my birth control inserted February 2016 and just had to remove October 2016. First time ever with birth control ever. So let 's take a ride down  back to the beginning of the year.  I gave birth January 20, 2016 and was back to my pre pregnancy birth weight, once I return home three days later.  About three weeks later I got the nexaplon inserted,  I consistently had weight gain month over month, even while breast-feeding.  My periods were very irregular never heavy,  just spotting for a very long times (sometimes two weeks)  and would leave for a couple days and come right back.  My pre pregnancy weight was 130lbs.  I now weigh 162 pounds.  I don 't recall any mood swings and I 've always been an emotional person.
24 yrs old, healthy. On Ocella 14 months. Take it same time each day. Periods lighter/shorter with less cramping.  Cleared up moderate acne. Great birth control -still kid free. Complaint is emotional side effects, which I noticed 6 months after starting Ocella. Super emotional for 1-2 weeks before my period (never had PMS symptoms before). Tiniest thing bothers me - very irrational and impatient. Feel like I 've gone insane 2 weeks each month. Worst part is I *know* I 'm being ridiculous, but can 't pull myself out of it. Was on anti-depressants for 3 yrs and this makes me feel like I 'm getting depressed again each month. Only time I feel  'normal ' is when I 'm on my period. I want to switch to a pill that has a gradual hormone transition throughout the month.
Am a 41AAF. I 've taken Pristiq for five months. I begin using Pristiq for menopause. It really help me with the mood swings, depression and even weight loss. The problem is the sweating. I mean I really sweat. I like the Pristiq but the sweating is just like having a hot flash. I really don 't know what to. I don 't want stop taking the Pristiq but the sweating can be very embarrassing.
I 'm 16, and have been taking Concerta for about a year now. It works well and really helps me focus, but I do have a lack of appetite and trouble sleeping. Neither of those are really bad though. My 2 biggest complaints are first that I feel less creative while I 'm on it and second, when I don 't take it now my concentration is horrible, and I get less done than before I started taking it.
Having done colonoscopies a few times, I have to say that Suprep, although not my favorite, is the most effective so far. The taste... Weird. But....Helpful hint for those of you taking it- since you 're most likely on a clear liquid diet, I just tried this last night and this morning and it helps a great deal for me- take a Jolly Rancher you like and chew it before drinking the prep. The goal is to get the candy stuck in the crevices of your molars, top and bottom. Now, while drinking the prep, if you need a break, stop and lick your teeth. The prep taste is immediately overridden by the candy! This made the prep taking a LOT better for me! Hope it helps you!
I was having terrible back pain and chronic all over pain when I started Lyrica. It has helped me a lot but I still have the occasional flare up. I also take Neurontin with Lyrica and this combination does a pretty decent job of helping with my pain. I have tried Cymbalta and had a horrible 3 days of dizziness that almost caused me to hit a parked car. I was trying to suck it up and go to work but ended up on the couch the entire time because every time I sat up the world spun and I felt so disoriented and off balance like I had been drinking. I am very skeptical to try anything else because of the Cymbalta episode.
Medicine is working excellent, however, the side effects are intense. Severe diarrhea, horrible headache within an hour of each dose that gets worse when I stand. I 'm only on day 3 of a 10 day cycle.
This was amazing - worked just as effectively as roaccutance for me (which I had been on twice) however it stopped working after two years. I must have built up a tolerance to it. I genuinely thought I 'd be able to use this for life. I 'm hoping to give it a try again in 6 months
I have been taking 2000 mg of Keppra a day for about 8 years now. I think that it is working good. I even took it when I was pregnant and thank goodness my baby came out fine.  Think that there needs to be other information for woman who may want to have a child but are afraid to have a child due to seizures.
When I started taking Phentermine I weighed 183 lbs.  Within 4 months I got down to 148. It is crucial that you take the time while on Phentermine to change your life style.  Learn to cook healthy meals...work with a nutritionist, and a personal trainer if you can swing it.  Change needs to come from within you!
I was switched from Yasmin to Tri-Sprintec in December 2010 because it was cheaper. At first, I was hesitant to make the switch, but I have found it to be about the same. The only discomfort I experienced was some nausea and headaches within the first 3 months or so. I haven 't experienced any weight gain, my periods are very manageable overall, and I don 't have any acne breakouts. I went from paying $60/month to $9/month; definitely worth the switch!
Overall, my experience wasn 't terrible. I just drank the second dose at 3 am and it 's now 5 am. The flavor, to me, was nauseating just to smell. I 'd rather have no flavor at all. It literally was horrid and made the drinking all 48 ounces of liquid in such a short period of time, very difficult. Once I got past the first hour and a half of drinking stuff, the rest wasn 't so bad. I had very minimal cramping and it definitely does its job well. I 'll just be glad when it 's all over completely. But overall, the taste and even the smell made it very very difficult to drink. Could it be made flavorless somehow??? Yuck! Adding the large quantities of liquid so soon after was really tough to. I drink water all day every day, so that 's what I drank.
Seems to be improving my ability to function and be a &quot;normal&quot;, happy person. Side effect that is most bothersome for me is extreme chilling. Can 't seem to stay warm. Also feel a little loopy and drowsy. Oh and I 'm also extremely tender hearted. I could burst into tears at any moment.
I don 't get majorly depressed any more or suicidal. My only problem is being so tired all the time. I used to work a lot and be up for days sometimes and required only 3-5 hours of sleep per night. Now sometimes I do nothing but sleep for as long as 5-6 days only getting up to eat, shower and use the bathroom. My energy level has gone from 9 to 3 on a good day. Marriage is in trouble too.  I 've had dosage adjustments all over the place and am back to my starting dose of 3/25.6/50 was the worst. Now taking an additional 20mg of fluoxetine during the day but it doesn 't help so I 'm stopping that. I 'll stick with the lowest dose and start drinking coffee or something to get me going. I 'm a 52 year old male in good shape. No reason for the tiredness.
I 've found Prednisone to be an effective treatment for my Gout during acute attacks, where I take a 50mg daily dose. However, the down side is that it makes me sleepless and irritable. Colchicine seems to have little effect and I have thus far been unsuccessful in getting into a routine of taking Allupurinol - it in fact seems to bring on symptoms if anything, even with a low dose.
Could be effective, not sure.  Side effects from three day Pak; headache,nausea, anxiety, sore throat, chills, tired, a feeling of being very unwell.
Helped greatly with pain, confusion and saying words I was thinking. Went from about 4-5 hours of sleep a night to 12-14 hours solid sleep for first month. (It felt GREAT to sleep without waking from pain. First time in 8-9 years!) Now only have an occasional late night here and there and sleep as much or little as I want. I do have muscle tightness and  twitching when I lay down at night. Stretching and heated muscle rubs help. 
I am in love with this because just had spotting my first month and didn 't get my period but other than that I 'm in love.
I had a colonoscopy, this was the second time. Both times Propofol worked well, I was out during the whole time, so felt no pain. One difference was this second time when I woke up, I started sneezing and my nose was running. After that my eyes started watering, and I have been having problems for days after with that with my nose running and eyes stinging. Allergy medicines have had no effect, the only thing that has helped somewhat is Nasacort.  Prior to the procedure I was not having problems with allergies.  I have found other anecdotal evidence on the internet of other people having these issues, it seems as if this is an unadvertised side effect.
I took the one time dose of 4 pills and I am having really bad diarrhea. I haven 't throw up yet but I have been running to the bathroom. It works to get rid of the infection so I would much rather go through this than remain infected, but it really sucks.
Latuda was good at demolishing my hallucinations. I took Latuda for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. However it didn 't help my mood- it made it worse. Brought me either mad or deeply and dangerously depressed. It also made me have a large allergic reaction in my mouth, sores and bleeding.
This birth control pill was diagnosed for my PCOS and worked well for the first few months but then it gave me severe gallstones and I ended up having to have a gallbladder removal surgery.
I am currently on generic Subutex (buprenorphine) and have been for 4 years. I take 12-16mg daily.    Pros: it has helped me get through college and pass with high honors. I went from living in my car &amp; with my mother to having my own beautiful home and 2 new vehicles. I have a good job with benefits and get wonderful reviews from my customers. It has helped me be a better person and rebuild relationships with the people I love the most.Cons: I am scared of what it is causing behind the scenes in my long term health. I smoke a lot and I am having sore throats a lot. I am scared. I am very high strung and my boss does notice. I try to concentrate and it 's like I have ADD. Weight gain too.
I started smoking the second time around for about 7 years now. I am 43 years old with high blood pressure. Cholesteral is fine. So I talked with my doctor and I am on week two, day three of taking Chantix. I have experienced bouts of nausea. I have been reading the reviews and I am going to take it with milk. I use to smoke at least 10 cigs a day. Today I only had one, tried smoking another one. Nah, it was awful! I 'm glad because I don 't want to stroke out from high blood pressure. I now have to take blood pressure medicine. I 've only had one crazy dream. I do feel tired at times. Cried a few times, but I 'm gonna tough it out! Thank you for your reviews and suggestions. I 'll keep you posted. Be blessed all!
I 've been on Effexor for about 2 years. It 's changed my life completely. Before I went to rehab and before I was on it, I couldn 't get out of bed for days at a time. It gives me energy and motivation! However, the withdrawal symptoms are horrific. If I miss a dose, I get severe headaches. I feel like there are fireworks going off in my head. Last year, I had to go the ER because I couldn 't breathe or stop shaking after 3 weeks of cutting it cold turkey (due to an insurance error). This is definitely not the drug for people who regularly miss doses or have problems with addiction pills. It 's not for everyone, but works great for me.
I have not gotten pregnant and no side effects.
I 've been on Jolivette for almost 2 months. My doctor prescribed it because my blood is thin and I have uterine fibroids so he wanted a progesterone only birth control to stop my period. So far I 've have had 2 periods that came at the time they were supposed to. I haven 't experienced spotting. My period is a lot heavier but I 'm on iron supplements as well. The goal was for me to take a birth control that would stop me from having a period, but that has not been successful. Other than me still having a period I feel fine. I will say every other birth control that I 've ever tried made me nauseous. This one does not. My face has been breaking out a little more than usual but I 'm still trying to figure out whether or not the birth control is the culprit.
Works kinda well but you will sleep like nonstop and you will gain weight. I gained at least 30 pounds on this med and was sleeping like 14 hours a day.
I started Biaxin for Bronchitis 3 nights ago. By the next day I noticed some improvement in my chest congestion, but it 's been 3 days and I still have a congested cough. I would have thought it would be somewhat better by now. It 's the weekend so there 's not much I can do. If I still have the chest congestion on Monday I 'm going back to the Dr. Overall though there is an improvement.
I have an ear infection and am on day 5 of Levaquin. I am getting better everyday and have experienced no side effects.
I 'm 30 and have been on Sprintec BC pill since I was 16. I was so tired of the low sex drive that the pill gave me, so I decided to make the move to ParaGard. The insertion was very painful, I took two Advil Liquid gel pills prior to showing up to my Dr. 's I like to think I have a high pain tolerance but I won 't lie, it wasn 't fun. It 's now day 3 and I 'm still cramping and bleeding but it 's getting better...At the moment I would do anything to get rid of the cramping but I have hope that this was the right move for me!
I 've been on Avaine for a month now. Everything is fine, expect for the fact that I might have missed my period. This is my first time using birth control, but I 'm assuming that this is just part of starting out. Avaine otherwise has been great.
I 've had good success with pain relief using Mobic.
Before I started taking Zoloft for depression and anxiety I was also suffering from insomnia. Was taking Ambien and Valium to help but the Ambien was not really helping my insomnia. Maybe get 3 hrs of sleep or 5hrs on a good night. Suffered from panic and anxiety attacks. Went to therapy and after some time Dr Recommended Zoloft. Was hesitant at first but could not live like this anymore so I started taking it about a year ago. Zoloft is the best thing I could have done. The first week or too I had side effects. But soon after depression lifted anxiety gone. I sleep great now.
Rebif has worked better than Avonex for me.  Still get some of the flu-like symptoms.
Best to take laxatives on a [if can] empty stomach in the morning, for faster &amp; better effect, and at every [if you want] &quot;end of the month&quot; [safer].Not everyday, because of serious [unsafe] side effects.Drink 8-9 cups of water to stay hydrated and to keep the bowel flowing out completely.Have plenty of tissue and make sure you are close enough to the bathroom
I was on and off Seroquel for 3 years. It helped with my depression and most of my anxiety, certainly put a stop to my insomnia. I hated the way I would feel when I woke in the morning though. I hated not being able to just get up and go, it usually took until mid afternoon to feel 100% clear. I found though that after a few years its effects on me at 100mg were wearing thin. It no longer helped with my paranoia at all and I would be up half the night. I also gained nearly 20kg, stopped taking it and have dropped over 10kg so far. Also having my daughter seems to have shifted something mentally and found that I no longer need to continue taking it to control everything.
I started taking sertraline about 9m ago. I 've been diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. I was having massive highs and lows, psychotic episodes, trouble sleeping all the time &amp; basically couldn 't control my emotions in any way. Life was extremely difficult, but I 'd lived like this for so long, I think I convinced myself it was normal. I had some side effects like nausea, my vision became crystal clear, had some headaches &amp; was tired all the time. I started sleeping like a baby, and after about a month, all the side effects were gone! I 'm so calm &amp; nothing really bothers me any more. It saved my mind and my relationship. Remember that not everyone will feel the same, so keep trying until you find the one which works for you.
Nuvaring worked well for me. I did not get pregnant. I had it for about six months. But I noticed my appetite increased and I gained 40 lbs. It 's terrible. I can 't drop the weight and I 've been on the ring for 4 months. I weighed 135lbs, now I weigh 155lbs. But better 40 lbs than 40lbs and a baby!
I have been on Pradaxa for about 4 months and have not experienced any digestive side effects.  However, I do not have a history of these problems.  I 'm not happy though because my cardiologist is forbidding me to take ANY of my Celebrex now.  No NSAIDs at all.  I have severe arthritis in one knee (knee replacement in the other knee) and now I have joint pain that is getting worse.  I admit I have sneaked a few Celebrex in and the pain relief was immediate.  So I need to be able to go back to that medicine.  I 've scheduled an ablation in a few weeks and hopefully that will do the trick.  I have never had any type of stroke and the use of this medicine is purely a preventive measure because I do have irregular heartbeats at times.
I 've been on humira for almost 2 years. I feel it works pretty well, I do notice some joint pain before it rains, and the day before my shot, but my doctor says that can be due to damage already done. For anyone considering starting it, my experience was this, I typically have plaque psoriasis on my scalp and knees, when I first started the shots I had an itchy 2-3 day rash at the injection site (This my doctor resolved by having me ice the shot site first, I recommend this to everyone) I also had guttate psoriasis spread over my thighs and sides, which thankfully went away as I said after 4 months, it was painful and snagged on my clothes, it would have been a deal breaker if it didn 't go away, but it did thankfully.
I have used Augmentin several times mainly for skin infection (acne) and had found it effective although I took only half course of 7 tabs x 625mg on each occasion. So far I have experienced no sight effects. I also increased my probiotics intake while on this antibiotic. The probiotics should not be taken at same time but after a lapse of time, say four hours or longer after consuming the drug. I would recommend Augmentin as it is effective and to me there is no side effect.
I was prescribed lexapro after trying Zoloft. Zoloft did not work out for me. I 've been taking lexapro for two weeks now and over all I feel much better. I occasionally have to take half a klonopin on bad days but over all, I am improving. There were some side effects but I was able to manage them even with school. Nothing I couldn 't handle. I have a much better out look, and I have motivation to help others. I 'm trying to exercise as well. I hope this medicine continues to help with my anxiety and depression:)
Since my diagnosis of acute bipolar disorder I 've been getting severe migraines almost constantly, or if there was a short respite, it lasted only hours. I was put on a self-titrating dose of amitripyline by my GP and at around 50-60mg daily I was getting no migraines. However, I found that several weeks after finding my  'correct ' dose, I was finding myself in constant anhedonia and ennui. I 'm now off the amitriptyline, and my migraines have returned, but my mood is back to normal.
I have taken Abilify for 11 years now and although it worked wonders at 1st, I have developed a rather severe case of tardive dyskinesia which makes sitting still almost impossible. I believe that after this length of time of taking it it is losing its efficacy. The parkinsonian like symptoms of the tardive dyskinesia are also embarrassing and make simple things like typing on my phone difficult. It definitely helped with my violent tendencies. Still I am ready to look for an alternative second-generation antipsychotic.
Works very good as a stimulant in the treatment. It also helps in calming the brain. Storm of thoughts without the hyperfocus that other stimulants seem to bring on.
Well, I asked my doctor for a birth control that would not make me gain weight AND I have got it! With Nexplanon I lost weight and have not gained weight despite max intakes of food. The down part is that I noticed hair loss 3-4 months after this implant. Too much hairloss!!! to the point where I am debating whether this wonderful weight maintenance is worth turning into this man (which I feel as with loss of curves and weak hair) My hair is so thin and I have no more curls! It is the worst I have ever seen! Also causes random spotting and acne (which is ok and not problematic for me)
I had Liletta inserted two and a half weeks ago. The insertion process definitely hurt, but I was able to breathe through it and then go back to work afterwards. I didn 't bleed the first few days after insertion but have bled continuously since. It 's been about like always being on the first day of my period. The biggest thing I 've noticed so far are some pretty intense emotional swings. I 'm hoping they 'll level out, but I 've cried four times in the last two days for pretty minor reasons. I 'll update later. Overall though it hasn 't been a bad process considering that I no longer have to take a pill everyday.
I have been taking 1500 mg at bedtime for about 4 years. It has lowered my cholesterol some but I 'm also taking Zetia and Crestor too at this time. (I have Familial High Cholesterol about 380) I have flushing, but it is mild compared to regular Niacin which I could never tolerate. Flushing is worse if I forget and skip a day. Drinking water helps with the flushing.
I 've taken my fair share of medications for UTIs and so far this one seemed to be the most effective as far as relieving symptoms quickly. My doctor prescribed me to take two pills a day for 10 days. I felt relief from UTI symptoms as soon as the 2nd or 3rd day. That being said, it has some nasty side effects. They say you can take it with or without food and I 'm guessing that because it makes your stomach feel horrible either way. I 've experienced diarrhea, painful gas and bloating, and nausea, since the first day of taking it. From my experience this can usually be expected with strong antibiotics. My advice would be to take a probiotic to help counterbalance! I 've done it before and it helps me.
I recently starting taking Cymbalta for my chronic back (several herniated discs), Costocondritis (chest inflamation), and other related pains classified as Fibromyalgia and Chronic lower back pain.   The medication works.  It has nearly removed my chest pain and lower back pains by 90% and only a few lingering pains still exist and only in spurts. I 've only been on the 60mg dosage for a few weeks, so it may get better. As a side effect, my PE is gone. I never told a doc about it and it has been killing me for a decade. I 've tried everything else, none helped. I looked online with a search of Cymbalta and PE and there are sources to confirm it works. 
I 've been taking Contrave for 6 days now and I 'm down 5 pounds. I hope the weight loss continues.
I have had a sinus infection since a bad head cold at Christmas. Horrible stuff being coughed up that was nearly choking me at night so this was suggested after being told Amoxacilin was resistant to my type of infection. Never happy taking antibiotics but sometimes we just have to go down that route...I have to say the metallic taste is horrible but not life threatening! Upset stomach and definitely should be taken with or after food so never on empty stomach. I am having vivid dreams but not really making me sleep badly. I took probiotic at same time as first pill but that just gave me terrible cramps - think too much going on at once so I will take when the course is finished. Grapefruit concentrate is good for gastro problems. Good luck
I love Latuda! I haven 't felt this good in years. My Dr gave it to me for my depression. I really love how it gives me energy  it also didnt take long to kick in. Problems I have with it: dead sex drive, vaginal problems, and anxiety. Make sure you take it at night so you can sleep through the anxiety. Literally take it right before you go to bed.
I started this medication to control bleeding. My skin is clear (I don 't usually have acne anyway), my mood is fine and, even better regulated. I haven 't had many side effects on this pill....just one. A big one, I had breakthrough bleeding every time I turned around. I also wear contacts and it caused some dry eye. All in all, I think its a very good pill if your cycle remains regular. My insurance paid for the medication, so it was fee.
I am on my second pack of Sprintec. I like it because it has prevented pregnancy and I barely have any period cramps. My breasts have also increased in size. The downsides are vaginal dryness, which causes a problem and I am extremely hungry about an hour after I take it.
Great product, worked well on my low back pain.
This medication has helped my blood pressure to go down.  However, my knees are so sore as if I have been hiking in the mountains.  
I 've been on the patch for over a year now. I have had no side effects, but I 've never had a side affect with any medication I 've ever been. I have had a couple pregnancy scares, thankfully all false alarms. I went  on birth control to regulate my period and it has worked wonders. I have got my period on Tuesday every fourth week since the first time month of being on it, that was why when I didn 't get it at all the one month I thought I might have been pragnent. The only down side I have found to the patch is that there are lots of places I can 't put it,( my butt, under my bra, my hip) any place that clothing would rub up against on a regular basis, so in the summer trying to find somewhere it won 't show on my bathing suit is hard.
Started Trulicity, exercise and diet, dropped Januvia and 40 units of Lantus all at the same time.  BS readings much better. 90 's -140 's. No noticeable side effects. After 1 month have lost 4 lbs. A1C was 7.9 at start of T. Next one should be in the mid 6 's.  My diet is simple. No non vegetable carbohydrates except small quantities of fruit.
I use percocet 5 's as needed for shoulder instability (subluxations/dislocations). Although it works well for pain, I find that I don 't like the stomach upset, lightheadedness, or nausea while on it. Eating something helps somewhat. I seem to have issues with all drugs of this type so perhaps this is just me.
Had trouble sleeping.
Before starting on this medication, I was on Minastrin 24 Fe and Lomedia 24 Fe. I recently switched to Blisovi 24 Fe bc I was told Lomedia was on back order. Anyway, I 've been on this medication for one month, and I was so scared I was going to experience the symptoms everyone else says on here. I did not have any breakouts while on Lomedia or Minastrin, and have had none with this medication. The week of my period I did have one day of anxiety and some dizziness and light spotting but that was only one day, and my doctor said that was normal. Overall I will continue will this if I can 't go back on Lomedia.
I had an auto accident which resulted in a broken tibia and fibula.  Which had to be reconstructed with a titanium rod from knee to ankle.  After 2 weeks of Lortab 10/325, doctor put me on Lortab 5/325, for pain management. Taken 1-2 every 4-5 hours works really well for the pain. I could do physical therapy without being in extreme pain.
I am 18 and was prescribed Monodox with a topical creme &quot;Veltin&quot; and have been on them for almost a week. So far I have seen small improvements and I will post another update either when it completely clears or at the end of the month. One thing is for sure though is that it works 10x better than anything else. After I take the medicine (Around dinner time) I can feel my pores clearing up. By the way I have what is called &quot;Moderate or Mild Cystic Acne. Hope this helps and thanks for all that have posted already!
I 'm 18 have been on &quot;the pill&quot; (Loestrin 24) for 2.5 months. The only problem I have had with this pill was mild acne. I would have small breakouts every few weeks. I 've never had acne breakouts in my life. Luckily it did not affect my weight or anything else.
A good initial substitute for ibuprofen to keep symptoms at a minimum.
I 've been on it for about 10 days now and it seems to be working well. 
I 've used 5mg daily for three weeks. My delusions and paranoid feelings passed. I still have hallucinations (voices and visual). It 's helped my thinking. Though it makes me very tired in the day. I hope it will continue to help.
I have been taking diclegis since I was 11 weeks pregnant. Prior to that, I was vomiting maybe twice a day and felt nauseous all day long (except at night). The first time I took diclegis, I was in HEAVEN!!!!!!!!!!! I felt sooooo good. I was able to go a full day not even thinking about feeling sick. I thought that would be the effect the whole time.NOT!. I am 3 weeks in with taking diclegis, and it seems like the effect of it has worn off to a certain extent. I am back to feeling nauseous most of the day. I will say that the vomiting is still under control, but I vomit maybe once every 4-5 days (which is still progress). I am in my 14th week now and I want to see how I will feel if I don 't take the meds, but I 'm scared lol!
I was prescribed because of my car accident. Broken ribs, fractured skull, and fractured back. Spinal fusion. (Titanium)It 's very hard to come off. Take precaution.Taking warm baths throughout the day is helping.  I feel really agitated and taking ibuprofen and naproxen to help with the body pain. Very moody. Sun exposure and walks also help. You can do it. Find your motivation . Hope this helps. I know it 's hard. P.s it will get worse before it gets better.
I started taking Bupropion SR 150 mg for major depression brought on by untreated/undiagnosed ADHD. The doctor proscribed me to treat my major depression but found that it also caused me to be able to focus on what I needed to do such as read journal articles, something I was never able to before without getting bored. This lead to the ADHD diagnosis. I saw a notable change in my focus, energy levels and mood. No longer have suicidal thoughts and I can sit and read the information I need for research without getting a headache from rereading the same line over and over. The 3 side affects I have noticed were dry mouth, rapid weight loss and increased HR (110-115) with second dose (only take 150 a day now).
I am 23. I was on a pill from when I was 16-22. I switched to a Mirena IUD for 6 months (gave me horrible yeast infections and I literally had my period for 6 months). I have been taking Gildess Fe 1.5/30 for a year. Nothing to complain about, no attributable weight gain or mood changes. BUT, in all the years I have been on birth control I would get my period 48 hours after taking the last active pill, like clockwork. However, this month, it 's been 5 days and no period. Assuming I 'm not pregnant (very low chance, we use condoms as well) then this pill is great, but not having a period is making me stressed!
I 've been taking this birth control for about 7 months and have no real complaints. It cleared up my skin fairly well. I still break out a little but not as badly as I did before. It regulated my period and shortened it and while I still get cramps I no longer get back cramps or ones that physically make me sick. This birth control made my depression and mood swings, which I was already having slightly worse but nothing a higher dose anti-depressant didn 't fix. My breasts were very tender for a few months and I gained a cup size. I gained a little weight at first until I realized the pill was making me hungry, but with exercise and a balanced diet I 'm back to my original weight. Overall I say it 's worth a try.
I loved it very much in the beginning.  Saw improvements within 1 week which is weird for me after so many failed meds. How ever not sure why.. About 6 months into it I 'm starting to see more bumps and redness and itch again. I still wear it daily, but its been 1 month with symptoms back and its not helping anymore. I 'm gonna give it a few more weeks to see, if Not discussing with my doctor. I hope it works again as good as it did for so long. It actually disappeared.My insurance covered it just fine, $60 co pay
Been taking for one week. Too soon to tell if it will work but long enough to learn that taking it with fatty food such as peanut butter or cream cheese lessens the stomach discomfort - for me anyway.
I was having a bad time with Kidney Stones and found this to work the best for severe breakthrough pain. I take OxyContin and Roxycodone for my back pain and have tried just about all the opiates but this by far works the best for me.
I 've been taking Mydayis for about 2 weeks.I was diagnosed with ADHD 7 yrs ago and took Adderall XR 30mgs +10mgs every day. Even though it helped me in many ways it also made me anti-social, anxious, over use it sometimes and very thirsty at all times.For those reasons I decided to try something else (Mydayis 37.5). Honestly, I feel much more motivated, my energy increased, I 'm not longer anti-social, no crash, and most importantly I can focus well.For about a week I had some side effects, (increased heart beat, couldn 't sleep, focus well high BP) so give it some time to adjust. I also read that most people that switched from Vyvanse to Mydayis are suffering from depression. Be careful
I have been taking Mucinex for about 5 months.... one in a.m. and another at 8pm.   I took it because I could not swallow any phlegm and it was difficult coughing it up.  My esophagus muscles are very weak and the phlegm would block my air waves.Recently I have developed severe dry mouth as a side affect.  I stopped the p.m. pill, and use biotene gel, toothpaste and mouth rinse.... still no relief.  If anyone has had this problem, please let me know.
I am 12 weeks pregnant and have not been able to for for over a week. Needless to say the bloating and cramping was insanity and my stomach felt rock hard. I took 2 tbsp of MoM the first time and it didnt do anything. So the next day before I went to bed I took  3 and I woke up and finally had relief! It did come in the form of basically just straight water... Which was unpleasant. But I don 't hurt anymore!
I have been on Sprintec for about six years now and for the most part it has worked well. I have had no pregnancy scares, no hormonal mood swings, and very little spotting in between period weeks. However, recently, after period week, I have become extremely nauseous in the mornings. (And no I am not pregnant). Also my cramps have worsened.
I had a very severe bladder infection that caused bladder spasms, so my doctor gave me samples of the 4 mg Toviaz.  It definitely worked.  I was able to urinate only when needed, and was not running to the bathroom every time I took a few sips of liquid.  I was actually able to make it through 6 hours of sleep!  My only problem is that after about 12 hours the urges to urinate begin to increase again.  I wish they had a shorter acting product that could be taken every 12 hours instead of every 24, because my body seems to metabolize it very quickly.  It would be nice to take it when I got up and again in the evening.  
I was on accutane for six months and I couldn 't believe how clear my skin got just in two weeks. I never had the begining breakout. Over the months almost all of my acne was gone. I used to have over a hundred bumps on my forehead and big puffy ones on my cheeks. I am now done the treatment and still have blackheads and scars on my cheeks and I 'm disappointed they didn 't go away because it was such an expensive hassle to go each month for appointments and blood work and making sure you pick it up in the time frame. The side effects were severe chapped lips, nose bleeds, and depression. That was the worst but I went through it and it all goes away.
I 'm 19, average weight and I 've been on the patch for 10 months. I love it because you only have to remember it once a week. I hand had zero side effects and it works great. The reason I gave an eight rather then a ten is because its not a 100% effective. I use it with condoms. They say its 99% but I don 't believe it. If you don 't want to get pregnant always double up contaceprives or at least use withdrawal. I don 't think anything should be used alone unless its an IUD, tieing the tubes, or a vesectamy. So double up! But overall the patch makes it easy and not tedious to use a second method.
I was on this medication for around 3 years at different doses, anywhere from 50 mgs to 600 mgs. It was a very good medicine and helped a lot with my anxiety and depression and really calmed me down and was very helpful, but the weight gain was a killer. I would try to go off over and over and would have to keep going back to it because I would be in such bad shape without it. I had a love/hate relationship with it. I became pre-diabetic while on it. I finally was able to go off and stay off at one point. It 's a great drug, but the side effects are horrible as far as weight gain.
Cetirizine works wonderfully to alleviate symptoms of allergies...in my case severe sinus pressure and post-nasal drip.  Cetirizine does cause me significant and debilitating drowsiness if taken during the daytime. However, I found that this would usually abate after a mere hour or two.  I have ingested this medicine on occasion during periods of insomnia as a sleep aid. Works well for that too!
Very good medication for first couple months and then effectiveness reduced and I had to add back in Norco for break through pain because it did not last more than 3 or 4 hours and the max I could take was 4/day.  (100 mg) I did well as far as not feeling tired, it seemed to give me a zip of energy but when it wore off in the 3 or 4 hour, the anxiety was terrible.  I have trouble sleeping and for some reason Nucynta did not seem to aggravate this like Tramadol did. 
have used this medicine in the past with only side effects of a bad taste, This time however, Ive got vaginal itching and irritation. Wondering if I should use an OTC yeast infection product or wait and see if it gets better after the meds are done..1 more day to go...
Dealing with depression and anxiety. Tapered off Elavil for three weeks before starting Fetzima.I 'm on day 8 with Fetzima. Two days @ 20mg and then up to 40mg per day.  Started Fetzima... The first two days felt great...happy and relaxed. The next few I was GRUMPY, Mad at the world. Not irrational, just mad. Bad mood. Now on day eight I 'm feeling good. No obsessive thoughts about bad things, thinking super clearly which was a huge issue for me. Don 't need as much sleep and seem to have more energy, though not manic. I think I 've lost a little weight which is good for me. I was concerned about my blood pressure which was a little high pre Fetzima but no issues. No other side effects.
My doctor prescribed it for me and gave me samples.  I have been taking the samples while fighting with the insurance company because they want me to try Neurontin first.  I think the Lyrica is really working.  I am still tired, but I feel it is a normal tired from having two kids and running around with them.  The way I felt before, I couldn 't move.  I really don 't want to use the Neurontin, I don 't want to lose the benefits that I have gained.
Took 10 mg for the first time last night for insomnia. To my great surprise, today it seemed to help with both muscle achyness &amp; with anxiety. I slept all day (&amp; needed it), but I suspect that won 't be a big issue once I take this med more regularly (which was the case when I was on mirtazapine/Remeron).
I 've only been taking this for about 2 months so I can 't really rate this. 
I was put on this birth control to get rid of my ovarian cysts. They would never dissolve and after having surgery to remove them they grew back. My doctor suggested this pill and it seems to be working. The side effects are my breast are extremely sensitive. Unfortunately I have had two periods a month on this, however they are light and short. I used to have really bad cramps and migraines. Those have gone away as well. I seem to have lost a ton of weight since starting this pill.
My son was born toward the end of October and I 've been taking the medication since then. It 's been working great up until about a couple weeks ago, with family oriented drama and moving to a better location (packing everything myself then unpacking when we got settled in) all the while taking care of my son. Just seems like i need a higher dose. I had a moment when me and my bf were arguing and our son started crying and all I could do was laugh. I couldn 't stop. Also noticed I 've been spacing out more then normal... Gonna talk to my doctor and see if a higher dose would be better.
Okay, it will be 2 years that I 've had this implant in my arm in January.I personally like it. I have always had very severe cycles; to the point of me passing out and having to constantly get blood transfusions and iron infusions. Now, when I first got it put in last year, I was on my cycle. After getting it inserted, my cycle came off the very next day. About 1 month later, I had the worst cramps EVER. It honestly felt like i was about to go through childbirth again. Nevertheless, my doctor prescribed me some medication and that took care of that. Now, I have gained at least 25 pounds being on it!!! That is something that I just hate. I do have acne on my back and this year, my cycle stayed on for 4 months, but it was light. No complains
My suggestion for dealing with the taste: lime jello. I held my breath and swallowed about 5 swallows of the Suprep, then took a spoonful of lime Jello and swished it around my mouth like mouthwash before taking a breath. This almost completely eliminated tasting the stuff.
At a starting weight of 162lbs, I was about 30lbs overweight. I have taken Meridia for exactly one month and have had no side effects.  I lost 10lbs by taking the pill, watching calories and exercising.  I make sure I exercise for 30 minutes at least 4 times per week. I am happy with the medicine.  I believe it 's important to learn to have better habits while you are on it. Going off the medicine should not cause weight gain unless you start consuming more calories or aren 't exercising.
I was diagnosed July 2012.  Finally!  I could no longer walk, my legs had gotten so weak.  Was in a wheelchair already.  PPMS is not fun.  I have noticed that my legs are stronger, but still not able to walk.  And my MS has not gotten any worse.  Don 't have and have never had &quot;flare ups&quot; but at the rate I was going downhill before Copaxone, this is great.  I don 't like the shots, but I know they are worth it.
Along with narcolepsy, I 've also been diagnosed with ADHD. I have been taking dexedrine for the last 4 years. At first it was 5mg tablets which worked for a couple months. As soon as my dose was increased to 10mg spansules a day, my life has been so much easier since then. I can actually concentrate on one thing without wanting to quit in the middle and take a nap. Many side effects including dry mouth almost every day, heart pounding, loss of appetite leading to weight loss, muscles twitching, and severe tiredness if I suddenly stop taking it.
I was given one Valium tablet 20mins before my Lasik eye surgery and another one for later that day. It completely relaxed me for my procedure and on top of that acted as a very strong pain killer. Obviously it was used in conjunction with local anesthetic eye drops.
This product dried up my sinus very well however, made me extremely drowsy so all I wanted to do was sleep.  Experienced dizziness as well.  Would suggest night time use but not during the day.  I couldn 't drive or work in this condition.
I 've been taking this birth control for over a year and its probably the best one so far. Its cleared my skin so much, I haven 't gained any weight at all, and most importantly the periods are shorter. The bloating is horrible, the cramps don 't usually last for more than 1 day. Like every other birth control it has cons, the mood swings and the bloating are pretty much the only ones I 've experienced.I would recommend this to a friend.
Have been on Trintellix 10 mg for 3 months now. Previously tried Celexa and Lexapro, and years ago Paxil and Prozac. Overall, it definitely works well to control my anxiety. My problems were more anxiety than depression, although Trintellix seems to help with my mood as well. I 'm not nearly as tired as I was on Celexa and Lexapro. No nausea, but I still have some sexual side effects (low libido). Although the sexual side effects are definitely better than Celexa or Lexapro. Overall though, probably the best of the antidepressants I 've been on, comparing efficacy vs. side effects.
I 've been on Contrave for almost 4 months, lost 23 lbs.  Doctor wants me to lose at least 40 - my goal 45.  Up until 2 weeks ago, only side effects, dry mouth, constipation, and craving for chocolate, which I never had before.  Those effects went away.  Now I 'm experiencing nausea, and dizziness and tired.   It could be the possibility of not drinking as much water as I did during the warmer months.  I 'm going to see if it makes any difference.  I thought maybe decreasing the dosage may help.  Then I saw someone write about Bonine and how that helped.
I 'm 59, good shape, pretty well preserved. Prostate removed due to cancer. Levels were around 150. Started Axiron and energy level, libido improved. Levels now around 650. Happy with results but having redness under arms and a few small skin tags. I started putting on my calves until I can get my Dr to return my calls
Have hard time getting the right amount to keep between diarrhea and constipation .
I was on lisinopril 10 mg for years and years but my BP kept going up. On Monday the Doctor started me on lisinopril 20/25 because my BP was 180/110.  This ok the meds Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday without problems.  Friday I fainted but thought I was sick, Saturday I fainted again 1.5 hours after taking the dose.  Don 't know if I should drop back down to 10 mg for Sunday and Monday but will be going into the office first thing Monday morning!
I 've had Nexplanon for about a year and 2 months now. It 's really great to me. The insertion was painless. My cycle is kind of off balance though. I can say I had my period four times and every time it was for like 3 to 4 days. The acne is horrible I get it in my face, back and chest. No weight gain and slight hair loss nothing major. But overall I do recommend it. It beats getting a shot every couple months and taking a pill everyday.
As a 36 year old male suffering from osteoarthritis,this drug has made a substantial difference in my quality of life. I was not sure how long I would be able to keep working, now that I am being treated with this drug, my quality of life has increased greatly. I am able to work without severe pain. A definite plus is I don 't have to worry about a narcotic cloudiness to contain my pain. I can now play and walk outside with my children. I am afraid of the side effects, but so far so good. Recommend this to others who may benefit from its use.
I have been taking Sinemet for more than 6 months. I started with 1 pill every meal (3 times a day) and then I went to two pills with every Meal. I feel Okay, except that I am having problems with my eyes. I see double sometimes. Furthermore, I have been afflicted with Steven-Johnston Syndrome, since the age of 19 years old. This causes Dry Eyes plus I have eye lashes going In ward, which does not help matters.I rated Sinemet as 8 but I am sure Sinemet is good for me since I no longer have the symptoms associated with Parkinson disease. My problems seem to be associated more with eyes
Do not take if you have high blood pressure. It shot mine through the roof....215/135. Please monitor your BP. Other then that, it did help the urinary incontinence when I stand up. I did not leak  very much at all. The headaches associated with the increase blood pressure were unbearable. The dryness in my sinuses was annoying but manageable.
My doctor has prescribed this for my severe perennial allergies and hives.  It works well. In addition, it helps reduce the intense back pain I have due to two bad discs.
I have suffered with Fibromyaliga for nearly 25 years. This is the only medication that helped with my pain; helped with sleep and did not make me feel &quot;dopey&quot; all day.  I can 't say it will work for everyone, but it has helped me. I have been on it for 20 years.I take 50Mg at night about an hour before bed. When there are weather changes coming through, my pain gets worse, I take 60Mg.
I absolutely love trinessa!!!!I am a 25 year old woman with no kids with previous issues of no period/late period/long period/breakouts all the time &amp; constant bloating almost all the time. Trinessa has cleared my bloating, my acne, and my periods!!!! I absolutely love it!!! But I do remember at first it was the hell, I would have headaches and I would feel like I need to throw up 
Love them. They help with my back and hip pain so much.
Dulls pain from Fibromyalgia including bad headache, lower back and lower neck pain.  Only problem is that BIG PHARMA is making it tough to get.  They want everyone hooked on NSAIDS and Acetaminophen.  The side effects form NSAIDS are far worse than Demerol and similar Opiods.   Using NSAIDS or Acetaminophen causes me serious Blood Pressure increases taking me well in to the danger zone.  Demerol not only has no side effects, at least for me, but actually lowers my BO. If forced to take NSAIDS, I would have to take BP meds which for most part I am allergic to. I take Demerol, as a last resort only when actually needed normally  &lt; 5mth.
I developed a chronic pain syndrome post chole  25 year ago. My pain waxed and wained. Pain medication did nothing. The only thing that helped  a little was muscle relaxants. My doctor suggested cymbalta. The effect was immediate. I just thought I was having a good week. I took 30 mg daily (lowest dose). The pain never returned. I still have muscle stiffness but the pain associated with it is gone. I have an arthritic thumb from an injury that still causes me pain. So for arthritic pain it does not seem to help. All I can say is give it a try. The effects for me were immediate.
I found that when I take Advil or aspirin with Ultram they seem to make each other more potent. Never take all three together though.
I recently started taking this birth control 4 days ago &amp; so far, so good! I was put on it to regulate my periods because they were really weird from being on the Depo shot. I have been a little bloated and my body does seem a tad bit sore every other day though, but I think that 's just my body getting used to it! I am 16 years old and I do have mild-severe acne from a hormonal imbalance, so hopefully with proper dieting &amp; this medication it will clear up in no time fingers crossed.
40 yr old female. 5 '3&quot; Started on 37.5 mg of phentermine, July 9th. Starting weight was 200.4. Today is July 11th and I weigh, 194.6. I 'm sure its water weight, but I 'm still losing. Yay! Haven 't been able to get much sleep since being on it, and dry mouth, hence the water increase. Don 't feel hungry, but I do eat. I 'm curious as to how much more I will be able to lose. First goal weight is, 170. Second goal is 150.
FOR ANXIETY - I 've been on 30mg Celexa for years and am switching to Viibryd to try to get past the libido issues (i.e. lack thereof).  I was pretty nervous after reading all the reviews of side effects.  I started on 5mg (still on 30mg Celexa) with a bagel and cream cheese -- no side effects!   It 's weird to say this about an SSRI, but I almost immediately noticed a change in my anxiety.  Like, within a day.  I no longer am living &quot;in the future,&quot; very much more &quot;in the moment.&quot;  It 's kind of bizarre.  So far so good!Only side effect so far:  Foggy feeling the first day, but has improved since then.
Took for low back muscle spasm. 10 MG 3 times a day. Was helpful. About 2 hours after taking dose became drowsy.
It is the only medication that controls my period. I am 50 years young and my period should have stopped. After trying many things I am taking this even though I can no longer have children. I have been on it for a year and have gained some weight but I don 't know if that is the pill. I exercise regularly and eat healthy. I would recommend anyone to try it.
I am an 18 year old, sexually active female. I just wanted to start off saying that birth control will act differently to each body. After reading these reviews, I became afraid to get it since weight gain, acne, mood swings, etc. took over for many people. My experience, I got the nexplanon two days before I was supposed to get my period (04/21/15). The procedure didn 't hurt, only a bit of pressure and discomfort. I did not get my period till 8 days later after getting it inserted (normal as the nexplanon does make bleeding irregular), but I had my period only for 4 days like I usually do. So far, I have had no side effects which I 'm grateful for. I really do like this as I do not have to worry about anything. :)
I got my first shot 6 weeks after delivery. I didn 't have a period for a while but when I did come on I bled non stop. I am still bleeding today which will make it 15 days. Although my bleeding has been light I am still adapting to being on my period everyday. I was told that I could bleed for up to 3 months. I am just ready for this to be done and over with. But on the pro side...my cramps have lessened which is a good thing considering I usually have a hard time when it 's that time of the month.
Flonase works so good! I 've been on it for about a week now, and I 'm noticing fast improvements. Around the 4th day, my sinus headaches were slim to none, my watery right eye stopped, and I didn 't sneeze 10 times a day. No side effects. I am still a little stuffed up.....but that 's what sinus tea is for! Thank you Flonase!
I really like this birth control. I was originally on a different brand of the pill and it made me bloated and I alway felt slugish. I switched to the nuva ring which was not ideal for intercourse so back to my OB I went. I love Lessina no weight gain, no bloating, and minimal cramping during period. I did have side affect of acne but I changed my face wash and it cleared right up. I also swear it increases your sex drive but it could just be me.
I have struggled with my weight for as long as I can remember ( I am 35 ) . I have taken every weight loss pill you can think of !! My starting weight today Feb 15 2017 is 194 and I 'm 4 '11 ! Today is my first day on Belviq , I take 1 pill twice a day . Side effects : chills , metal taste on my tongue and a slight headache . When I ate lunch today I could only eat half of my food , and I 'm not starving when I get off work like usual . I must also mention that I am pms 'ing , and usually I 'm eating every thing pasta and fried related , but I 'm not craving it . From reading the reviews I was worried about not having energy to workout , but I had the energy ! What I have also done is I have starting B12 injections. I will report my weight soon !
I have tried tons of pain medicines but Nucynta proved to be very effective.  I have had chronic pain for over 25 yrs and Nucynta has proven to be one medicine that actually helps with some side effects but I can handle them. Nucynta was easier on my stomach than Oxycontin.
Just taken my third dose of methotrexate this week (upped to 20mg after 2 weeks on 10mg)....take folic acid 5mg 3  x week. So far side effects have been manageable. Not sure if it 's the medication or the steroid injections but I am starting to feel like my old self again. No swelling and little pain now so am now able to do the things I used to take for granted again. Feel hopeful about this medicine.
I was prescribed Naproxen 500mg for my bursitis behind my knees in both legs. I am a college athlete and was having many problems performing at the necessary level with the pain in my legs--Naproxen helped immensely. Felt very nauseous if I did not take this medication on a full stomach!
I have taken tramadol for a yr now it still helps with the pain but lately when I take them it makes my back pain worse. I take 50mg twice a day.  Plz help what do I do.
I tapered up to 1200mg / day, starting in September of 2015.   I have noted some stabilizing of My night restless leg syndrome and a near total absence of stabbing pains in the lower legs that would occur at intervals.  I don 't note adverse side effects; just happy my sciatic nerve pain has markedly decreased in the process.  Some constipation noted at first, but that has resolved.  I 've had bladder incontinence for some time and that continues as I had no expectation of that being altered by neurontin.  Life goes on and I 'm functioning slower now, but still get out.
I was given this by urgent care to treat my strep throat. The first day of taking this I was perfectly fine... day 2 I started having severe diarrhea I mean it is coming out all day long like a faucet just so much diarrhea. I literally can not stop pooping. It 's day 3 and I think I am going to have to call the DR back... the infection is leaving already which is amazing and it is an amazing drug other than the AWFUL diarrhea. I am eating yogurt too.
I am on my 2nd day using Abreva&reg;, so far so good. I like how it numbs the area and stops the Itching. Very Relieving! In regards to &quot;quicker healing&quot;, It has helped in avoiding a larger breakout. My breakout isn 't as big and nasty as it gets without treatment so I am pleased so far, some things work different for others so I can only speak for myself but it never hurts to try!
I have been fighting hep c for six years first when I was 51 I almost died from interforon and riboviron. OMG don 't do it I know now we have so many better medications that will cure it. I was on epclusa for a month showed no virus and I panicked went off back at the end of Feb. Recently I went for blood work to find no virus this is four months after I went through treatment please pray it 's over and I am cured Doctor said if it stays that way for three more month my chances are really good! I will keep in touch and pray for all of you.
They had me on this combination of 100 's &amp; 150 's at different times in the day. Sometimes I would take my meds just fine other times I would take them, my head would feel like it was going to explode,  white part on computer screens would dance around gave me wicked vertigo. I don;t know why it only worked for me on a pick and choice kind of basses. 
As you may know, migraines are extremely debilitating even when trying to perform most menial tasks let alone professional responsibilities. I tried Maxalt for the first time today approximately 20 minutes after my first aura and it actually works. I am happily surprised! I have yet to experience any side effects. However, lets be honest, I 'd be tolerant of almost anything besides a migraine - which feels like a freight train chugging through my head.
Life back. Fatigue,fibro,myofascial pain,&amp; no rem sleep. I was only out of bed on the average of 6 hrs per day. Stomach pain &amp; nausea bad 2 weeks at 200 mg so cut in half.  At 100 mg after 10 days can tolerate.  Speech is not as fast as on 200 mg &amp; not quite as active, but up most all of the day.  Tired at nite, but still takes awhile to get to sleep.  So happy to feel almost normal again!
I go through often occasions of insomnia, and I take 50 - 100 mg of Trazodone, usually after a few nights with no sleep because I don 't like how groggy it leaves me feeling in the morning, but it really does help me sleep. It kicks in within an hour for me, though sometimes it can still take me a few hours to actually fall asleep, but I always do. I don 't think it gives me more nightmares, but I do have very vivid dreams. All in all it does it 's job and will keep taking it.
Made a significant positive difference in post-menopause symptoms.  However, substantial side effects, worst off which is facial edema with distortion to facial features.  Tested this by stopping the med several times to clear it from system and when did this, edema disappeared but reappeared once resume the drug.  Also, strong hot flashes and sweating.  No weight gain.
I was scared to take this because I read about people having horrifying side effects...I 'm taking the generic form of Bactrim DS 2x a day for 7 days. On day 5 and the only side effects I 've noticed are mild gas and a headache. If you 're skimming these reviews looking for reasons to be scared, just remember that most of these bad reviews are from people who are probably: A) Allergic to the medicine. B) Not drinking enough water. C) Using alcohol and non-prescription drugs which you are NOT supposed to do while on Bactrim. D) Not taking it with food. Take the medicine with food and a good probiotic and it will help minimize your side effects. Drink LOTS of water and stay out of the sun while on this medicine! Not soda, not coffee, WATER.
Love this product! I started taking it a few years ago to clear up my skin, and it exceeded all expectations. Not only is my skin totally clear, I no longer have heavy periods and I have never experienced any negative side effects. Sometimes when I do get my periods they come at irregular times, but they are always very light. I 'd recommend this product!
Taking Effexor in the beginning was hard to get used to but after 6 months I felt great. Down side is I have headaches and sweat a lot. If I miss more than 4 days then I have withdrawal symptoms.  I 'm taking 150 mg a day and despite the side effects I wouldn 't change a thing. Oh yeah I have also lost weight while taking Effexor.
I 've been on this medication for a little over two months. These past two months have been a roller coaster with my skin. The first week, my skin cleared up. By the second week, everything got worse. There have been times where my skin was very tender and any face wash or lotion I used made my skin burn. It really sucks but it 's been working for me. I 've read other reviews and people said it 's going to get worse before it gets better. I had horrible acne for a few weeks. I use it now day and night religiously. I only put it on the affected areas. This past week I haven 't had one breakout. My advice is stick with it for at least a few months.
I have been diagnosed with bipolar for 15 years and for the first time experienced a mania state beyond anything I imagined or experienced before.  I was suffering from severe paranoia and psychosomatic symptoms.  Zyprexa is a God-send and I am happy with it.  My major problem with it is the morning hangovers I feel. I have gained weight, but desperately needed to do so.
I definitely notice a decreased libido, as well as mood swings, but nothing that can 't be handled.
Been on this RX since its release, prior to that Provigil. (I 've also had 5 OSA corrective surgical operations that weren 't mindblowingly successful for 4+ months of downtime &amp; in-&amp;-out of the hospital with complications for a month.). I take 500 mg/day in 2 doses split by 5 hours, each dose with 20 mg dexadrine. (Plus a 3rd 20 mg dose of dex) To be short, I couldn 't have the energy to write this message let alone work or at times even drive. For me its all about the timing of the doses, took me years to find the RIGHT way to take this RX for ME. 250 didn 't work, 2 different insurance companies approved 500. Be prepared to fight for approval, don 't give up, I got used to hearing no until I followed all insurance steps for complex approval
I 've been on Kariva for probably 3 years or less now, and it is my favorite bc. I have tried others with crazy emotional side effects and heavy bleeding. Kariva gets rid of my period about 99% of the time, and with that, it decreases sex drive. It got rid of my acne, and constant hot flashes. I didn 't gain any weight on it. In fact, I just came off of Kariva a few weeks ago due to a severe yeast infection which I had no idea what was causing, and since then my hormones are insane from being off of it. I keep binge eating, have cramps, my vagina is almost tingling a lot, my face gets very flush and red and my skin is super dry. I gained  6 lbs in that time and hadn 't changed my eating patterns. I am going back on Kariva due to this.
this pill made me go from up all night throwing up because my back pain would not go away. then i got this slept for 8 hours. this pill will work wonders.
I really liked this pill in the beginning.   Two full months later I am very nauseous, my anxiety is worse, and I have tiny dizzy spells that last from my fifth day of my period to the beginning of a new cycle. I am so miserable this time of the month that I 've had to cancel several social outings. I saw my dr today and she switched me to plain Sprintec. I hope this works. On the bright side, my periods are on time, lighter bleeding, and minimal cramps
I am a 17 year old, very petite. I started out with my first birth control Yaz. VERY bad experience, I was sick for a whole week straight with heavy bleeding and nausea. Then I switched to this and it 's been great! I 'm on my 3rd pack and my only complaint is that I had really heavy bleeding last month and cramps :/ but other than that no side effects at all, and my breasts got bigger. Hopefully this month will be light if anything! I have a few friends who are thin like me who love Lo Loestrin Fe.
Been on Lexapro for 4 years now. Have taken an SSRI for 15 years to battle Generalized Anxiety Disorder. Have taken Paxil &amp; Zoloft in the past, but Lexapro trumps them, hands down. With Paxil &amp; Zoloft I woke with anxiety. None with Lexapro. It 's great and has improved my quality of life tremendously.
it works for me BUT there are too many blanks  at least 4 out 10 are blanks I got in touch with the co. there going to look into this matter
I 've been suffering from joint pain so severe that some days I can 't walk.  I suffer from poly arthritis.  I 've tried many medications that treat arthritis pain and none have worked except for tramadol.  I highly recommend this for chronic pain management.  The side effects are few and mild.  I also agree with the statements that it effects your mood, making you feel more calm and happy.  This drug has been a lifesaver, allowing me to continue to function at a much higher level than without it.
I like that it calms me down but I 'm sleepy all day. I don 't like feeling sleepy, I have things to do. It does help me get a great nights sleep. I sleep like a rock but wake up still feeling drowsy. So anyway- may not take it anymore unless its at night from time to time since it works rather quickly with for me. Yawwnnnn!!! AC
I am about to start my second month on oral contraceptive pill. I have experienced both positive and negative effects, all seem very normal. I have always had a great period - regular, 3-4 days, not too heavy, and hardly any menstrual cramps. My period would only bring awful, very unwanted mood swings. I would always be very emotional and angry. Within the last 2 months, I started to develop ovarian cysts that would rupture and my doctor suggested I take Ortho Tri-Cyclen. Here are my resultsPros: - Mood swings are no longer an issue (my boyfriend has really noticed the difference in my emotional level)- No weight gain - Goodbye cysts! Cons: (these varied throughout the month) - Trouble sleeping w/ weird dreams- Nausea- Menstrual like cramps during placebo week
I have tried to use Trileptal for about a week but I 'm having gastrointestinal problems with bloating and slowed digestion. Don 't think I can stay on it but it does work good for my anxiety.
I was on Gianvi before which gave me HORRIBLE mood swings, I put on weight, and I had my period every day. I was then switched to Gildess Fe and I love it. My weight went down and it 's east for me to lose weight. I don 't really have junk cravings, and I don 't get my period. The first month of taking this medicine I spotted every day, but by the second pack all my spotting was gone. Definitely would recommend this medicine.
I 'd been taking Prozac for a few years, but its effects wore off, so I switched to this. I 'm very glad I did. It completely got rid of my panic attacks and obsessive worries, and reminded me how good life can be without them. I still feel sluggish, but I always have, even before I started SSRIs. The most noticeable side effects have been weight gain and erectile dysfunction. I 'm going to try nefazadone and see if that works for me without the side effects. But if you don 't have these side effects or they 're not a big deal, I highly recommend Zoloft.
I 'm a 68 year-old male and I 've taken this drug for almost 10 years and it has helped me enormously. I have had no side effects yet my doctor now says he wants me to get off it. I asked why and he said Ambien is dangerous. After 10 years now it 's dangerous? I now am cutting down to 1/4 of 5mg and it is not working. I asked what options do I have and he said &quot;natural sleep is best&quot; Thanks, doctor.
After changing jobs I was feeling depressed and was having anxiety attacks. Although Zoloft worked, and the first day or so were fine, I experienced intense prolonged anxiety in the remaining days of the first week. There were a couple of days there when it was relentless and extremely difficult to deal with. I 'm on day 6 now and it seems to have passed. I get the odd pang but it goes away reasonably quickly. I feel calmer and more relaxed. Much less likely to react to little things. I do feel like my sex drive has dropped and it is harder to orgasm. I have a slight dizzy feeling that 's manageable (I hope it goes away). I also commonly have a dry mouth. Lost my appetite. Haven 't felt like exercising. Only 1 week in.
This medicine zapped the migraine away quickly.  I felt &quot;up&quot;.  Slept light with crazy dreams.  10 hrs later I had a bad &quot;coming down&quot; experience.  Paranoid, heart racing, bad trip, dry mouth and initial tingling minor.  This medicine did work, but I didn 't like the negative side effects it had on me.  You may not have any side effects.  Be aware of your body 's reaction.
I take Elavil for insomnia and without it I have a terrible time trying to fall asleep.
Became very constipated on this medication.
Usually helps get a sound sleep.
It 's very effective overall, one pill prevents symptoms from regular moderately lactose containing products, like cheese or yoghurt, but 2 pills are needed for regular milk or ice cream or even a cappuccino.It has honestly truly changed my life!!
I 've been on depo for almost a year now. It 's had its ups and down. Ups would be not having periods, no babies, and unprotected sex!!!!! Downs would be the red/brown spotting, weight gain and back pain (what I 'm experiencing at the moment). The weight thing is a little weird. I usually weigh around 159-163, and I gained about 10 pounds and recently lost them from going to the gym and eating less fast foods. Overall, it 's the best BC method. Keep in mind all that I described doesn 't happen to all women, we all vary.
I 've been on different birth controls for 6 years. Always on a low dose and I will say I 've always had accuracy with all . After getting tests done even at 15 I 've been told I 'm extremely fertile. Not once did I get pregnant until at 17 I stopped for a while and I had a miscarriage. But not once taking the pill. Every month almost I become paranoid it will fail but has yet to. I take the pill around the same hour almost every day and if I miss one I double up. I get nauseous for days after so i assume it could be pregnancy. This makes me use the internet that entire month looking at pregnancy signs and reading scary reviews about women saying birth control failed them. I believe that is only because they haven 't been taking it right
I 've been on Nuvigil for about 5 weeks for narcolepsy. I can actually function. I was prescribed the 150mg 1x/day and initially had very bad headaches for the first week or so and was taking ibuprofen to deal with them. My doctor had me cut the pills to take half when I wake and half 3 hrs later and I no longer had the headaches but still had the wakefulness. I do occasionally experience severe dry mouth that no amount of water can fix, but no longer have headaches or any other problems, and am actually awake. I do get urges to nap, on occasion, but they are resistible. Amazing to be able to be AWAKE again!
I am 46 years old and I actually got the Merina IUD inserted about 6 months ago. My main reason for the IUD was to help with my heavy periods. A combination of pre menopause and fibroids caused me to bleed so heavy, pills were not an option because of my fibroids. My doctor was great inserting it, he let me know when I was going to feel a pinch and he let me know when I was going to feel the cramping, it wasn 't bad the whole process was less than 5 minutes.  I had a watery discharge for the first 2 months, I spotted for a full 5 months and had a much lighter period for months 3-5. At month 6 I was gonna get it removed because I couldn 't stand the spotting everyday but that eventually stopped in month 6. Gonna keep it...
ALL I have to say is be very careful with Lexapro it is highly addictive and when you try to get off of it, it is a nightmare. I have been on it for six months and I am currently weaning off with major side effects. Please be careful people!
I 've been on this birth control pill for almost a year now and it 's been pretty decent! I 've had very few side effects and the best thing about it is that I don 't get my period. However, my libido has decreased and I 've started experiencing mood swings (which is not at all normal for me). So, I 'm planning on switching pills to alleviate those side effects hopefully.
I have been suffering from back pain for years, I was prescribed Relafen and what a difference it has made, the bonus no side effect 's!
I got Liletta in 2015 after my 3rd child. The first couple months kinda sucked as my body adjusted....random spotting, cramping, periods although much lighter lasting 8-9 days, After the first few months it was great! I still got my period every month but it was very light. Normally I suffer from very heavy periods. The cramping was still there though and my boyfriend said he could feel the strings during sex (but that 's the Dr fault who put it in didn 't cut them short enough I guess). After 2 years I just had it removed because it was slightly out of place and causing me pain. It didn 't hurt to get it removed but I started bleeding super heavy the very next day. OB says its normal. Hopefully periods don 't go back to heavy. :(
Helps with the fatigue but turned my hair orange!
First time using this prep. I don 't care for the split dose. As far as taste, it 's medicine. I got it down. It took a few hours for the first dose to work. I took it at 6pm as directed and got to bed at midnight. I had to get up once to go at around 1:30am. I woke up at 7:30am with a wicked headache! I took the second dose at 9am and it worked right away. As far as the water goes that most don 't like, I didn 't have a problem with. I drink water all day.
Had grand mal and was prescribed Phenytoin slowly upping dose from 100x3 to 100x6. I was considered under controlled status even having 1-3 seizure (partial complex)not during month but all same day. Checking blood levels everything seems good. Doc says probably female hormones causing imbalance. Seems I have some side effects like confusion, short term memory issues, can 't stand metal in my mouth like silverware it 's a weird feeling, insomnia. Well, next script is different manufacturer. I never thought it would be such a big deal but I started to feel high/intoxicated (not fun) blurry vision, skin tone is changing, swollen gums, tingling in face arms hands legs and feet along with slight numbness, feel unbalance. 
I 'm reaching the end of my first Implanon stint. I 've had it for nearly three years now and it 's been interesting. Before I was on the pill and never had any side effects so I thought I wouldn 't have any with this one. Getting it put in hurt like hell. Some people didn 't bruise apparently, my arm looked like it had been broken. It was black and blue and sore for about two weeks. After that my periods became less and less frequent. I 've always been irregular so that was fine and for the second year that I had the implant I barely had a period. Maybe one or two days every few months. Now on the third year I 'm find that the bleeding is very minimal but almost constant. Every time I have sex my period will start up and last for about a week.
My first Mirena was agony to get in, 6 months of spotting then wonderful after that. No period, a day of spotting every 6 months or so, no cramping, no horrible side effects. PMT practically nonexistent.Second mirena went in a few days ago, easy couple of minutes with a bit of cramping. Been spotting ever since though which I hope won 't last, also feeling very moody and  &quot;PMT-ish&quot;.
I started taking this for acne, which Ocella cleared up REALLY well (except for the period week, during which I 'll get minor acne breakouts), but I must add that now I 've been experiencing a huge decrease in my sex drive.  I 'm starting to wonder if I should get off of it just to feel like a normal sexual adult.  This is just getting weird.
I wanted to share my experience with Kariva because I 've been on it so long, 11 years. Pros include no weight gain, minimal mood swings, minimal bloating and shorter periods. Also some contraceptives can cause complications with getting pregnant when you actually Want to but this pill was effective when I used it and caused no issues when my husband and I decided to have a baby and stop using the pill. Took me two weeks to get pregnant. The only bad thing was awful debilitating migraines I dealt with for years that only stopped once I got off this pill. But it got me this far and I liked it better then a lot of other options.
I have extreme toothache, where no amount of paracetamol or ibuprofen can take it off, have been using codeine to take away the pain and it works, only down side is feeling very very sick and cannot even face food, and feeling shaky/drunk.
I have been on Sprintec for a year and a half. I have been on one other birth control previous to this. But with Sprintec I can always count on my period being the same time every month down to the day, it is also a very mild period and my cramps are about the same as they were. I also have a clear complexion. My complaints with this birth control would have to be the constant headaches and my sex drive has decreased quite a bit. I have also been sleep deprived at night and excessively sleeping during the day. My boyfriend also says that he has seen a difference in my mood since I have started this particular birth control
Positive and Negative points . Makes you gain weight, feel moody and bloated. Fluid retention is bad.
I took Topamax for approximately 5 years with little trouble. I did have the metallic taste, and could not drink carbonated beverages. In July 2009, I had to quit Topamax due to a little published side effect, kidney stones. I was on a pretty large dose (600 mg).I had a 9mm Kidney stone and many many small stones. I take Keppra XR now. It prevents the seizures, but I have gained all the weight plus some that I had lost on Topamax, but no seizures or kidney stones.
Ok, I took pictures of Wk0 and Wk1 and can see a big difference. That first week I had energy for days and could feel the pounds dropping off. Well, I 'm into Wk2 and the energy has gone and the pounds don 't seem to be dropping any more. I 'm not gaining or having overwhelming hunger urges, but it seems to have fizzled a bit. I may call and see if I can up the dose to twice a day. Still not weighing in, waiting till I go back to the doctor 's. No real side effects either. I hadn 't done my 30 a day either so that will help. I 'll keep you posted.
I broke a rib in a fall and the Vicodin helps keep the pain down to a dull ache instead of a sharp stabbing.  I couldn 't sleep without it.
I 've been having my Mirena for about four months now. I had to get it because I 'm anemic and I had gone to the hospital because I was losing so much blood and they told me it might have been a miscarriage. So since I got the Mirena I 've been so happy I don 't bleed as much and I don 't have really bad cramps and migraines anymore so yes I would recommend this to anyone.
Just in my first week of taking Celexa 20 mg for depression and mood swings. I have had a terrible headache since I took the first dose, very nauseous, and this yawning - gagging thing is worrying me, but mood wise I can already tell a difference. I hope it continues to work well.
I have been on the Savella now for about 2 weeks and minus the chills some and hot flashes I think its actually working for the fatigue and fogginess. After recently going through radiation treatments for breast cancer, between the radiation and fibromyalgia my energy was so low I didn 't think I would ever get out of bed again. But, like I said right now I 'm thinking it 's working miracles because I have more energy than I 've had in years and pray it keeps working.
I was honestly writing for the last 30 mins while having an attack and I had taken one of my pills and I 'm now sitting here &quot;fine&quot; ... also the page got closed and deleted all that I had been writing but it was probably for the better because I was honestly crying my heart out ..
I 'm a transwoman who after 2+ years on estradiol was taken off it &quot;cold turkey&quot; after having a mini-stroke. The hospital doctors figured that the estradiol had contributed to my mini-stroke and took me off it rather abruptly. Within a week of quitting the estradiol I started having terrible hot flashes that would last 15-20 minutes followed by icy cold spells that lasted  5-10 minutes , I was fairly certain I was dying ! My ob/gyn  prescribed Gabapentin 100 mg capsules once a day and within 2 weeks most of the hot flashes subsided. Now I get hot flashes once or twice a day rather than four to six times, I have to say my quality of life has improved considerably !
Really very good medicine, recommend to all who have pandemic cancer.
My experience with this pill is 50/50...I love only having my period every 3 months but I spotted for months when I started, have lots of headaches, my breasts are bigger and I gained weight.
I have had panic disorder since I was about 6. It came and went and has caused me severe avoidance issues throughout my life.  I have been taking Paxil for about 8 years and it has worked wonders. It has been awesome...until recently.  Within the last 4 months, it just seems to have quit working well. I am having severe attacks from time to time, but I am starting to avoid things/situations.  It did make me gain about 30 pounds. I tend to clench my jaws and I startle easily, but those are the only side effect I notice. My family and close friends say I am much more of a pleasure to be around while I am on it.  I am not a mean person nor have anger issues, but I am just not so anxious and uptight.
I have been taking this drug for 3 months now. Here is a list of my reactions: Night sweats wake up different times throughout the morning. My stomach always feel bloated. I wake up with horrible smelly belches in the morning. Always have stinky breath. I brush my teeth 3 times a day, drink lemon water which does help. I feel very dry constantly. One thing that has truly helped me is drinking plenty of cold water. Fatigue Tension in my extremitiesThe meds promote weight loss and controls my sugar
I 've been using this product from Sept. 2013. I 've had it in when I was 18. Today, I finally got the implanon taken out of me! I 'm still not pregnant which is the big deal here so the contaceptive did it 's job and I 'm happy with that! The reason why I didn 't leave it in there for another year is due to weight gain. I was always hungry! I have gained about 20kg in 2 years period. At my lowest 68kg and now 84kg...  I 'm 170cm but it 's still horrible! I tried to lose weight while on the implanon but it was proved impossible. I would even gain weight even if I didn 't eat anything! It was crazy.  Everything else was relatively ok!
I have been using this epiduo gel since 2012 until now. This gel is effective in clearing out the acne. Yes it may cause your skin redness itchy dryness. This past few days my skin is very dry. But i know that this gel is effective so im still using it. Half of my face is already clearing out. Some pimple marks. The other half need patience to be able to clear as well.
Implanon has been good to me. I first put it in in 2005 and then again in 2008. I took it out in February 2009 and got pregnant by May 2009! I put it in again when my daughter was about six weeks old and have had no major issues with it in terms of the regularity of my periods, skin breakouts, mood swings and stuff.
If you 've had itching for more than a day or two or it 's really severe, use a longer treatment. I 've had success with a one day treatment. There is some burning that occurs but I didn 't find it intolerable like some of the other reviews stated.
I had my colon removed due to Ulcerative Colitis and have been running to the bathroom regularly. I was taking 8 Lomotil a day and still going 8 times a day.
I 'm back with Androgel packet (1 in morning) after stopping the medication 2 years ago due to elevated liver count and negative side effects.  I 'm now 50 and was diagnosed at 200 count a few months ago and decided to try it once again.   I am no longer dealing with hot flashes, depression and mood swings - this cured me.  However, I have enlarged breast, slight weight gain, swollen ankles and not sleeping as well.   Back to the Dr. next week to discuss options.   Overall satisfied but may need to adjust script somehow.
I first discovered I had HEP C back in the late 90 's. Maybe from Tattoos, maybe from sex, I really don 't know where I got it . In 2001 I went through the Ribovflavin pill and injection program for a year.  That was a rough rough go but it knocked my viral load down to next to nothing. 15 years later my viral load began rising again.  Today I am near the end of the program on my last 3 pills from the 90 day run. I have had some minor side affects....mostly weakness and fatigue and muscle cramps near the end here.  I have my last labs next week....hopefully I am good to go.
Started taking this medication about a week ago for Sciatica related pain, I had L5-L6 back surgery 10 years ago and get flare ups of pain from post surgery. It has helped the pain a fair bit, I still feel the right buttock pain when driving my car but other types of sittings is much better. The side effects are not so good, ablot of bloating. I feel like I have a balloon in my tummy; upset stomach; light headed and dizzy. With having vertigo in the past its hard to tell if is Vertigo or the medication.  Doctor wanted me to try it for 2 weeks but will go see him today after 1 week and have a chat with him about it. My dosage is 2 pills per day with food 50MG. I will ask if taking 1 per day may be and idea and who knows it may be enough?
Works great, but soooo expensive!
Have been on Celebrex for a year.  Initially for TMJ issues, then picked up mild-to-moderate rheumatoid arthritis last summer.  Been on it continuously except for a couple month long steroid regimens. I wouldn 't call it a miracle medicine, but it knocks my inflammation and pain back about 60%.  Certainly not as effective as the steroid, but 60% is enough to keep me fully functional and unlike the steroid, I have minimal to zero side effects with it.
I have suffered with anxiety and severe panic attacks for many years.It is a GODSEND. Initially anyway.I have noticed over the years I 've had to increase the dose I take (which I 've never taken daily).5mg of diazepam  (Valium) never did much for me. But 7.5mg used to have a perfect effect. These days I need 15mg for that same affect. Its a shame. And I thought I wasn 't abusing it because I didn 't take it daily. (Generally 2 or 3 times a week, depending how I felt).I 'm still giving it a high rating for the many times its helped me.  But even taking it as PRN has eventually caught up on me. If I don 't take it for several days I start feeling sick. Devastated to lose a medication that can work so well.
I am a 58 year old. Testopel: Ist insertion 12 pellets was quick, extreme bruising and soreness for a week (remedied with ice 2nd insertion). Expected results were excellent. Like a bell curve for me 1st week waited for levels to come up and they did, improvement in strength and fat loss, slight weight loss (still believe that 95% of this is your eating). After 12 weeks started to notice shift back to perception of low t and at 16 week mark level was under 300. 2nd insertion 14 pellets same results at 12 weeks today and starting to feel same way. Calling Dr. to see if I can get in early after we see blood test.
There are definitely some perks to Nexplanon, my all-time favorite is that I haven 't had a period in forever and it doesn 't require taking a pill. I had the IUD before and it bothered my partner sometimes so this definitely doesn 't have that drawback and it lasts a while too. My personal drawback is that the arm its inserted in is really weak. I like to lift and workout and that is a major drawback to my workouts. I can lift maybe twenty max on that side without the assistance of my other arm and sometimes it just randomly hurts or itches. I am going in this week to make sure it was inserted right so it might just be a problem with insertion.
I was on a high dosage of Lexapro and it was working extremely well. However, the side effects were terrible. I added BuSpar gradually then decreased the Lexapro to 10 mg and feel as good as I did on the high dosage of Lexapro. I am currently taking 10mg Lexapro and 15mg BuSpar 2x daily. I will warn you that if you miss a dose or two of the BuSpar, the next time you take it will make you feel really weird for a few hours. Also, when you first start taking it, you will feel weird for about a week. Push through it, it is a great add on to Lexapro.
I got Implanon in October 2011 while on my period. At the end of that cycle I did not get my period again until October 2012. It was the best year ever! No mood swings, not worrying about a pill, my weight stayed the same, and my sex drive increased. I 'm also a huge whimp about needles but insertion didn 't hurt. However, from Oct 2012- present (Jan 2013) I 've gotten my period erratically from every other week to every 2 weeks. I 'm going on vacation soon and the unpredictability of the medicine is starting to seriously irritate me (and put a damper on my daily routine). I hate to give it up because the first year spoiled me so much! But I 'm afraid the aggravation of the unknown may have me removing it in the very near future..
I started taking Simponi 4 days ago after a very severe flare-up. I am 54 years old and have had rheumatoid arthritis for 29 years. I was pretty much incapacitated with the pain.  Two days ago I was able to resume my normal household chores and feel so much better!  I really hope the effectiveness continues.
Positives: I 've been on this pill for over a year and it 's alright; I 'd be terrified to try another one. 3-day, perfectly timed period with light bleeding compared to my natural heavy and often painful one. My skin is pretty clear and I now forgo makeup altogether. Negatives: I have had increased headaches, ranging from 0-3 per week depending on my stress level, but if you can avoid stress, it shouldn 't be too bad. I don 't like that my ovulation mucus is gone; I loved knowing myself that way, but most women probably don 't care. Also, I think my sex-drive may have decreased a bit although I still seek the deed.( /-) I did get extremely nauseous when I started taking it in the morning, but switched to nighttime and largely eliminated that problem.
Hello ladies, well currently I am waiting the results of plan B since I had an incident this past SUN 9/10. so me and my bf always use condoms but this past Sunday alcohol was involved so we went ahead and had unprotected sex, he pulled out the first time but  there 's the matter of precum so of course this was the stupidest decision we both could 've made, and I was expected to ovulate 3 days later. So the next morning. I went ahead and bought plan B  and took it exactly at 9am (13-15 hours after). So here I am worried to the point of having a panic attack but I 'm hopeful cause it 's worked for me before! I 'll be posting an update in 2 weeks when I take a pregnancy test. Good luck!
Quick background about me-Female, 23, 5 '8&quot; ,122lbs. Started Nortripyline for fibromyalgia and chronic pain. I started off at a low dose, 10mgs, increasing by 10mgs weekly. When I first started it, I was jolted with energy throughout the whole day (which was great because fibro has been causing SO much fatigue) and I had a SUPER dry mouth. The first couple weeks... no other side affects, also was mildly helpful but not entirely. By the time I got to 60mgs, I was disassociating from my body, felt like I was going to crash my car when I drove it, dropped things, couldn 't focus, couldn 't speak without slurring my words, and I was extremely depressed...so I dropped down to 50mgs and everything is great now. I am also starting Lyrica.
Wonderdrug. I have never, ever had a period of more than two days without irritability without hypomania. Within 2 days of taking this medication, my irritability was nil.  I was able to sit in a busy, loud restaurant without getting angry or distracted.  I have no sedation during the day, and this medication helps me sleep at night, immediately and deeply.  I 'm sleeping about 9-10 hours every night, which is why I 'm giving it 8 of 10 stars, because that amount of sleep is a little much for me.  I still feel a normal range of emotion on this medication, my sex drive is normal, I have no side effects.  The taste is not so bad, but tongue does get numb every time I take it, but this wears  off by the time I wake up.
Good but created impotence.
I first got the Implanon in March of 08.. wasn 't bad at all. I loved it up until March of this year. For the first two years I had my period at the beginning of the year and at the end of the year. In March of 2010 I began having very heavy periods that lasted a good week or two. Then things really picked up this summer and after talking with my husband I decided to get it taken out and see if things straightened it (only time will tell). Thinking about getting a new one sometime next year. I really loved having it!
I 've almost reached the end of my titration pack and I 'm going to continue using this medication. So far, I haven 't had a huge improvement in pain but it does seem to help a small amount. I 'm hoping this improves. My mood has become so much better. I have the desire to want to go out and do things again. I 'm happier. That itself, has made a big difference in my life. I feel more like myself again after years and years of clinical depression. At the beginning, it did make me feel very nauseous. This only happened for a few days. It 's worth going through!
This was the nastiest stuff I 've EVER drank. Mixed with cold lemon lime Gatorade and just had to keep drinking without breathing thru nose till it was gone. Took first dose at 6:30 pm and when I took second dose at 8:30 pm I almost didn 't get it all down. Part of it came back up. Started working 30 mins after first dose and worked a lot quicker than I expected. That part I liked. Did have the chills while taking it and felt bloated from all the water which the water was easy for me to drink that amount of. But that taste....how in the world could some say it even remotely tasted like watered down grape? Tasted like pure nastiness!!!
This was the worst tasting bowel prep I 've ever used (and I 've had 3-4 previous colonoscopies).  The taste is incredibly disgusting and nauseating and I don 't know how I didn 't vomit.  It cleaned me out very well, but I almost had an accident with the explosive diarrhea.
Initially, I was put on Lexapro and Klonopin (.5 mg 4 times a day) for panic disorder. After a few months, I was able to take the Klonopin as needed, usually once a day, and experienced very few symptoms of panic. After a year, I was feeling a lot better and decided to come off of it. The Lexapro really did help so much with my panic attacks, but I still had generalized anxiety. After a lot of therapy and lifestyle changes, my GAD was very well-managed and I was able to come off of Lexapro. 2 months down the road, I had a huge relapse due to a medical crisis and my doctor put me back on Lexapro. It pooped out and I was experiencing severe anxiety. I was on this medication 3 times for a total of 5 years.
I took Bactrim for a month and I quickly saw the cystic acne disappear. So I started to reduce the dosage to 1 pill a day, then I stopped. In all, I was on the medication for a period of 2 months because I didn 't like the idea of taking antibiotics for a large period of time. Recently, I 've been having minor breakouts, but I 'm paranoid. I am afraid to get filled with cystic acne again. So I decided to start retaking the antibiotics since I still have a couple of refills. Unfortunately I don 't have health insurance anymore and I can 't follow up with any Dr. 
I have had chronic constipation for twenty years.. I have tried everything. Zelmorm was the only thing I ever found that worked. As we all know they took it off the market in 2007.. I have been suffering ever since. Until now! I have only been on Linzess for two days and have had 3 bowl movements with no bad side effects. I 'm excited about this new medicine. I 'm hoping and praying it continues to work. Give it a try its definitely worth it. Good luck.
I developed pneumonia after being treated in the hospital for an anaphylactic allergic response. Within a few days my oxygen was down to 92%. I was almost hospitalized, but begged the doc to let me stay out as it was 5 days until Christmas. I was prescribed a 5 day Z-Pak (Azithromycin). Today is day 3, I 'm finally starting to feel better. Only side effect so far have been slightly loose stools, and a rapid pulse. (I 'm 35 and otherwise healthy) I find I got stomach pains within an hour of taking it, so today I ate before I took it and that helped.
Was prescribed  Tessalon Pers. following E.R. visit for Bronchospasm / Bronchitis.  It works well for controlling the cough.....However, caused G.I. Upset after using it for a few days.  Therefore, stopped taking it.  Worked well for one problem.....caused another.  Will be taking Mucinex today and hope for relief without having to spend so much time in the bathroom !!  Thank you ~
I started taken Prozac 20mg a day for nearly 6 years! I stopped taking them 7 months ago as I thought I didn 't need them anymore, since I 've stopped taking them I 've become really agrophobic, really depressed, can 't stop crying, I 've just shut my self away. I 'm thinking off starting Prozac again.
I was diagnosed with MS in late December 2013.  I started taking Copaxone the summer of 2014. I started off using the daily 20mg, then I switched over to the 40mg because I didn 't want to give myself a daily injection. When I first started the 40mg, the side effects included sore injection site welts. Overtime, the side effects became worse. Now, every time I take the 40mg, I get very sore, itchy welts at the injection site, along with patches of itchy, rash bumps on certain parts of my body.  The other side effects happen randomly after an injection.  These include severe body aches and chills.  The symptoms are fever-like.  Other than that I feel an increase in my energy levels since taking Copaxone and my MS lesions have not spread.
So I have experienced constipation ever since I was a kid, I am now 21, and have to regularly take lactulose liquid around once a week. I need something stronger for medication induced constipation and decided to take Ducolax in the morning around 11 to achieve a result by the evening. After dinner at 6 I felt completely cleaned out and had some minor cramping before dinner, however drinking lots of water seemed to make things move faster. I wouldn 't recommend taking it all the time because it is strong but for constipation that won 't budge with anything else, this works.
It took a while for me to get the courage to go to see a psychiatrist.  I finally decided I had to get my life back.  I wasn 't cooking for my family, taking care of my house, contacting friends, even able to make it through my day at work without hiding in the bathroom to cry.  Fluoxetine has helped me calm down and get my life back again.  My doctor started me out slow, 5 mg to start.  I felt funny a few days.  Then when I upped it to 10 mg I once again felt funny for a few days, but now I feel I  have way more good days than bad. It 's only been 3 1/2 weeks but I 'm so thankful that I started taking it.
I have been talking Pradaxa for 2 months.  I take with a full glass of water and have no side effects.  Definitely, it is better than Coumadin.  I have a glass of wine once in a while and have had no side effects.
I have to say I really love this medication. I have migraines 4 to 6 times a month. I try not to take it all the time due to me having hot and cold flashes. The first time I took it my head felt like I put  something icy and hot on my brain. It 's now going on a year and I still get hot and cold flashes but the side effects are worth it. I can work with being hot and cold. With my migraines I just want to lay in a ball and cry but know I can 't because it will make it worst. This pill is a lot of money. I just wish it would come down in price.
I had this particular IUD placed on Monday. So I 've only had it a day. I have had a child and also have endometriosis. I experienced mild pain during insertion, 4-5/10. I had a lot of cramping and uterine spasms yesterday after it was put in. My Dr says that it will help with my symptoms of endometriosis and obviously prevent pregnancy. Today being the 2nd with this IUD I have had intermittent cramping. My cramps seem to be worse in the evening, I guess because I keep myself occupied during the day with work. My cramping is nothing that ibuprofen doesn 't help. I have had spotting and was not in my period during insertion. I have felt a bit bloated but that 's slowly starting to resolve. I would recommend this device.
I have been taking Intellence for well over 6 years now.  I have not noticed any side effects over that time span.  However, recently (within the last 5 months) I have found it increasingly difficult to swallow the tablets.  I believe the problem stems not so much from the size of the tablet (THE LARGEST OF THE 5 PROTEASE INHIBITORS I TAKE), but more so from its rapid breakdown when it comes in contact with water.  When ever I take the pill it now tends to stick/get caught somewhere in my throat; as if it is touched the wall of my throat and wants to adhere to it (thereby stimulating my gag reflex).  MAYBE IF THE MANUFACTURER WOULD PUT SOME EXTERNAL COATING ON THE PILL THIS PROBLEM WOULD BE ALLEVIATED.
I am on a very small dose for epilepsy 250mg twice a day.  It has made me quite tired, but apart from that there 's been no problems. I only have a couple of seizures a year so hopefully this low dose will keep me seizure free.
I was prescribed this medication after a burn injury. My scars caused  intensive itching! I was ordered to take two tablets by mouth four times a day as needed for itching. Initially after my accident the medicine helped. I didn 't really notice the side effects because I was on pain medication as well. Now here we are six months after my  accident. last night I had a really bad itching episode. I could not sleep. I decided to take the two Atarax. I slept through the entire night and the next day.  I woke up to a text message after text message from coworkers and my boss wondering why I didn 't show to work!
I am bipolar 2 and take 300mg per day.Has changed my life so much. Helped me kick my alcohol addiction and impulsiveness. The last two years have been great.No drug is perfect however, and the withdrawals can be bad. Make sure you take it every day. So I gave it an 8 because I feel great if I keep up with it.I take it right after I wake up because it helps wake me up and gives me energy. Also makes me very patient with myself, other people and just life in general throughout the day.At my current dosage I wouldn 't hesitate to call it a smart drug for me because it lessons my impulsive tendencies and quickness to anger.If this doesn 't work for you, don 't fret, I study medicine, and there is usually always something available to help.
I was on Topamax for almost 3 years, was prescribed it for severe migraines. The weight loss was a side effect, a nice one though! I didn 't need to lose much to begin with, maybe 20lbs or so, and I started to notice that I went from the 140 's to the 120 's. I am now off this medicine as I have been migraine free for almost two years and the only bad thing I can say is that the weight comes right back on if you 're not watching very carefully. Also - HUGE side effect was the medicine caused my body to not sweat, which caused severe overheating. It 's a less common side effect, but a very super important one to be aware of.
I was having a very hard time finding a pill that controlled my periods- I would be on a pill and get my period in the middle of my cycle or when I wasn 't supposed to- or it would start too early or too late after the sugar pills. My doc suggested higher hormones, and I have been on Reclipsen for almost 2 years. It regulated and shortened periods- no breasts or weight gain, mild acne improvement. But it took me a long time to realize how nasty some of the emotional side effects have been! It brought out the worst in me (hyper sensitive, on edge, almost &quot;bipolar&quot; at times) and for the past 6 months I 've also had extreme depression. So I am switching to Yaz which is supposed to help a lot with the emotional stuff due to lower estradiol.
I have Shift Work Disorder and SLE Lupus; this caused a Lupus flare up.  &quot;It woke up the monster!&quot;  Please have your doctors communicate amongst each other.  Nuvigil is a stimulant.
I 've been taking this for a week and a half. So far, two different times I felt alarming numbness in one arm and dizziness - thought I was having a stroke. But it passed. Also, my breasts feel very tender, sore and heavy. They have not grown that I 've noticed, though. I have also broken out (acne) more than usual. So I have experienced side effects. I 'm going to try this pill out for a whole pack before I switch. I haven 't experienced moodiness, which I was concerned about, because I am prone to melancholy. I would recommend that you try this pill and don 't back out because of the negative reviews. Give it a chance. That 's what I 'm doing.
I started using Saxenda about 3 1/2 weeks ago. I lost 12 pounds. I try not to eat after 8pm if I am not doing anything and I eat balanced meals, albeit with a little more protein than I should. My carb intake is very low due to diabetes. I am also trying to drink more water.  I work out at least twice a week and overall I feel lighter. I don 't think I 'll increase my dosage past 2.0 since it is expensive. My goal is to lose another 10 pounds by the end of the month and hopefully I finally be out of 300s by the end of the summer. Will update then.
Overall, Topamax has been a very positive attribute to my daily &quot;cocktail&quot; of necessary medicines.  It has assisted in stabilizing my mood, and thus helped me to resume a semi normal routine.  As for side effects, I experience loss of memory that I am told is due to the Topamax, and is fairly common.  Although, irritating at times, it is much more tolerable than my past existence.
I have been taking this antibiotic for 6 days tomorrow being my last day...7. Twice a day. I had a horrible headache all day one day. I have felt anxiety and long winded or like out of breath for no reason just from easy everyday stuff that at 26 yrs old never bothers me. Also, a taste in my mouth it comes and goes as well as the nausea. Id say the nausea is the worst by far...its even if i take it after i eat or took it the night before and get up an eat..just nausious on and off.  And after all that i feel very sleepy like i just want to sit down and rest.Very mixed side effects, but im glad im not the only one.And im happy its working. I will say i been feeling the need to drink alot of water, my mouth feels dry to, water is helping!
I have been on this medication for more than 10 years and have great control with the Glenmark Generics pill yet when the pharmacy changed to the purple pill by Zydus Pharmaceuticals I found my legs were once again out of control.  I asked the pharmacist to change me back to the one from Glenmark. He did and it worked almost immediately.   Has anyone else noticed the difference?
I have a vascular surgeon in Thailand that I have great deal of trust and respect for.   He regularly attends International conferences, is up to date and is very caring.Reparil was given to me to reduce bruising and swelling after an injury.  If he recommends this drug than I believe it must have a positive effect and be useful for  blood flow and to reduce swelling and inflammation.Hard to tell how much this worked as these things get better anyway, but my doctor has a large amount of experience and would only use something effective.  No side effects.  for meIn the United States, this is available as an extract of horse chestnut leaves, a big pharm company could not profit for spending millions for approval.
I am excited I have just started this weight loss medicine. I was placed on anti-depressants about  a year ago going through divorce, two grandmothers passed away then my dad.  So I went from 145 to 190 in a year!  The weight just keeps adding on which is making my blood pressure sky rocket. I have never been this heavy. Can anyone please give me advice!? I have been on it one day and it has def curbed my appetite and boosted my energy and mood. I know I need to workout more!
I 'm new to having uncontrolled anxiety [from an auto accident] and taking an SSRI.  I spent 3 weeks trying natural/alternative methods but couldn 't get the anxiety under control.  Went to a GP and who let me start at 10mg [20mg side effects were too much] and stayed there.  I noticed a huge improvement after the 1st week and felt normal [with blips of uncontrolled anxiety] up until the 6th week when the general anxiety became heightened.  I  increased my dose to 15mg for a week [no side effects] and then increase to 20mg and hope that dose works for me.  Stick with the drug as it does work!
I 'm being treated with nortriptyline for abdominal wall pain due to having irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) for almost 40 years now.  I still have pain in other areas but this does the trick for the abdominal pain, which is like the pain you get in your side after you 've been running for a long time.  It wasn 't just a stabbing pain, though, it came, it stayed and wouldn 't go away.  I only take 10mg and my prescription says to increase as necessary, but I 've been on it successfully for over a year now.  I stopped it once with the ok of the doctor but within three weeks the pain returned, so I started back up on it.  I do have the dry mouth and sometimes restless sleep but I can handle that...I couldn 't handle the abdominal pain..this worked!
My neurologists prescribed me Topamax to prevent migraines 4 days ago. The first night I took the the pill I had HORRIBLE side effects (tingling and numbness for hours). The following night I decided to take my vitamins (which I didn 't do the night before) and I didn 't experience the same side effects. Not sure if it helped, but I make sure I take them every single day!! The only side effect that I get is slight tingling in my hands occasionally.
Changed my life - only side effect is trouble sleeping
Almost a year ago, I suffered a major depressive episode and I have tried mulriple medications. Although I experienced some minimal success at being able to easy again and get out of bed, I was diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder as well as Generalized Anxiety. Being on a leave from work for months, I felt pretty defeated that I would be able to get back to &quot;normal&quot;. I took a DNA test and my doctors and I decided to try Prestiq. In the first two weeks, I has almost no side effects but it did little for my mood too. Now that I am finishing up my 4th week, I am finally seeing good results. It 's early, so I couldn 't rate this med a 10 but I am hopeful. This CAN work but it 's not a quick response! I think this one requires patience.
I have been on Xanax, Ativan, Valium and most of the other drugs in the benzodiazepine family. I had built up a tolerance to most of them, so my Doctor prescribed Buspar.  Not being part of the benzodiazepine family, the effects are different and a bit more subtle then I have been used to, however, I have learned to appreciate the difference, because I was looking for something different.  Buspar at least for myself is looking promising.  I also have LexApro, but am hesitant to mix these two medicines at the same time.
I am seventeen years old and had only gotten help a couple of days ago. I have taken the medicine only twice but so far, so good. The one fear I have prior to taking any medication was emotional numbness and unnatural happiness. I was very pleased to find that I feel relatively normal with this medicine. However, I have lost my appetite and feel sleepier than usual but I will be talking to my doctor every week on my progress and hopefully the side effects won 't last very long because I 'm still new to this medicine.
I was able to breathe finally. I had always been out of breath. All day. When I started taking Symbicort, I could breathe. And I would 've been able to clean, and play with my kids, go for a walk, excercise. However, I stopped taking it. The side effects were horrible. I was angry, on edge. Worst constant headache ever! It wasn 't fair to my family. Waiting to find an alternative.
I was prescribed mirtazapine 3 days ago for anxiety, I was losing weight and not sleeping very well, I feel better already, sleeping well and eating more (which is a good thing for me as I want to gain 14 lbs) haven 't had any side effects as yet.
I was diagnosed five years ago as being bipolar and long term Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. I have taken many medicines.  I felt so much better when adding Latuda that I went from 80 mg to 120 mg. I totally crashed. I was extremely depressed. I went off the medicine for six weeks. I started again taking 80 mg. I have been stable for five weeks. I also take lithium, Xanax, and Klonopin.  I stay on a strict schedule of exercise.  I am taking it day by day.  This is one of my most expensive medicines.
My doctor gave me Victoza to lower my A1C which was in 8.2. She put me in low dose 0.6 injection plus 2000mg metformin. I started feel side effects after the second injection headaches, nausea and a lot of stomach discomfort. I don 't have too much appetite the which is good. My reading drooped from 174 fasting to 120. The only bad thing is that my insurance don 't cover Victoza so my doctor switch me to Trulicity and I hope I don 't have new side effects.
Took 1 Mucinex DM around 6 PM. My experience is like many here. It worked great on my congestion, but it is midnight and I am wide awake. I found this site searching for &quot;Does Mucinex DM keep you awake?&quot; Yup, it does.
Saturday July 18th I weighed in at my doctors office at 253 pounds. I started taking Phentermine on Monday 7/20 and today 7/24 I weighed in at 246lbs.  This pill has made it very easy for me to control my eating.  I stop when I 'm full and don 't eat out of habit or bordem.  The only side effect I have experienced so far is slight headaches, but I have found that if I drink some water the tension goes away immediately. I have been taking it at the same time every morning right before breakfast to make it a routine and behavior modification.  I haven 't started to exercise yet...that is next weeks mission but I am very excited to see the results and how this drug will get me on the right track to really change my life.
I just had the copper iud put in yesterday, so I can only rate my experience so far. After reading page after page about this product and tons of reviews, I was very scared about the pain factor. I 'm 40 and have never been pregnant, so I assumed insertion would be painful. I ate breakfast and took 800mg of Ibuprofen 2 hours prior to my appointment. I practiced my yoga breathing and focused on a spot on the ceiling. No problem. The doctor doing the procedure wasn 't experienced, so a supervising physician was there. They told me what they were doing at each phase. They dilated me to a 6, then a 7. I felt a little pressure and it was uncomfortable, but no pain at any point. I even went on an excursion to the Queen Mary with family later.
One of the few anti-depressants I can tolerate. Most cause major sleep disorders, But with Prozac I don 't have a problem. Not really sure if it helps much with panic attacks, I 've tried 20mg and 40mg, sometime 40 mg seems to be a bit much.
The drug is very effective. The only problems I have had are low blood sugar levels while working in hot environments. In Saudi in the spring and summer months I would constantly go low while working in the heat.
I have had a overactive thyroid disorder for 3 years which i had radiotherepy treatment for. Then it went underactive. So 10 years on i have been on levothyroxine &amp; regular blood tests. This is now for life. I have every symptom going for thyroid disorder,including raging acne. Hard lumps with red tops that stay for months at s time. Its hard NOT to try squeezing them ( even though we know we shouldnt) but thats mainly how it spreads. With the thyroid disorder,a lot of symptoms are hormonal. I thought at age 34 i shouldnt STILL be struggling with acne. So my doctor tried me on many creams,tablets ect. Until he gave me doxycycline. 100mg once a day. I must say these are brill. Just be patient.
I am taking Diamox this is the 3rd time I have been prescribed this. It definitely works but side effects this time worst of all. Am dizzy and fell, pins and needles hands, feet and face. Headache don 't know if medication or from fall. Nausea.
I took Norvasc for approximately 7 years. It works fine lowering my blood pressure however it began to swell my gums and I was taken off it.
I got anal warts this year. I was given 5% imiquimod cream and told to apply it 3x a week. I was a little bit afraid based on the reviews because people said it hurt very badly after a few applications. This did not happen to me after 4 applications, but also i didn 't notice any progress. I did some research, and learned that imiquimod does not penetrate the skin all that well , and found an article showing success rate with imiquimod increased when the skin was &quot;permeabilized&quot; with salicylic acid. I started treating on Tu/Th with  salicylic acid and then applying imiquimod M/W/F. It hurt like hell but the warts were gone in 2 weeks. Not for the faint of heart, but worked quickly.
Been on it for nearly 2 months now and I Always take it at a time when I have a meal for best effect. No relapce . I do not gained psychosis when having Geodon. And I do not gain weight on it or feel to extremely hungry when having this. But i 've got the same problem that actually occurs with those who having ADHD. Among the problems is lower memory and to shut down things that happens on the same time. Have someone else experience problems that remind of adhd on Geodon? AND my dreams on the nights is Not always something to be proud of or try to impress of. I have dream very sick dreams on Geodon. BUT it feels like I can be myself on it to still be the person who I really are. Geodon got 7 of 10. Still good. This is my experience on Geodon
Today is the sixth day of taking Harvoni. I have had Hep C for over 30 years, I am sure from  my wild days and sharing needles. I feel like something must be wrong with me. I am reading all of the other reviews and everyone is reporting no or little side effects. I have been on this for six days, the first few days were a breeze, but, the last few... I am experiencing, diarrhea, nausea, I am so fatigued, I can barely get out of bed. I am weak and dizzy. None of these will make me quit taking the medicine, but, I wonder how I will be able to do this for 12 weeks. I really don 't have a choice, my numbers jumped from 4,000,000 to 10,000,000 and have cirrhosis. I hope I get to the part where I feel better and more energetic than before soon!
I got Nexplanon in Sept 2014 and I bled everyday for three months. When I went to the doctor about it, she just gave me a low dose birth control to take everyday while still having the Nexplanon in and it stopped the bleeding almost instantly. When I ran out (she only gave me two months worth), I started bleeding again for one month straight and in these past two months, I haven 't bled at all! Super effective and definitely worth the wait. Luckily my boyfriend isn 't creeped out about period sex. It is pretty annoying but it 's better than getting pregnant! Other than that I haven 't had any other side effects and I love it! The reason I gave it the 7 was because of how annoying the elongated periods are
First off I got the cherry flavor. I 'm not sure how to describe it 's taste. It was like a very sweet cherry soda but with a very salty after taste. I was planning on drinking the whole 10oz bottle but only got about 3/4 of the way through before it started making me nauseous. At first nothing happened about an hour in the bloating I had been experiencing worsened but then about 2 hours later I had a very small BM then another 2 hours the diarrhea started it wasn 't explosive or anything like that. To be honest I 'm not sure it actually cleared out everything like it is supposed to. I will update in a few days. But it did alleviate the discomfort.
I 'd like to say I finally found a medicine that works and now I can 't find anybody that carries it. I 've been using it for about 8 months. 
Once or twice a year I have a severe intestinal attack. I 've decided I can 't eat green vegetables if they aren 't cooked thoroughly, and chlorophyl seems to be the problem. The pain is so intense, I have to take pain medication and lay down. It takes my system at least a week to fully recover. After two weeks of a recent bout, I was prescribed Bentyl. It works! But I swear my IQ drops 30 points. That 's the trade off. Bently relaxes the stomach and the brain!
I have been taking Gilenya for close to 10 months now.  I was on Rebif and suffered horrible side effects that never did go away ( flu symptoms, migraines ).  I had a very severe relapse where I lost the ability to walk for months.  I started the new pill medication and have had no side effects whatsoever. What a relief! I can 't tell if it 's working, I guess time will tell and if I ever relapse again.  It 's a very expensive medication, thankful my extended benefits cover it.  I would recommend this if Tysabri is not for you ( JC Virus positive ).  A few laughs in light of a serious health problem...I am a mad cow! lol.  And those of you who are JC positive - you will know what I mean.
I was given Orsythia because my pharmacist switched me from Lutera. This birth control actually kills my appetite resulting in a little weight loss and even better, increased my breast size. My main complaint is that I get large, deep breakouts on my chin but a salicylic acid facial cleanser is helping with them. Also, I wake up in a bad mood every morning. I have only been on this birth control for a few weeks and definitely isn 't as good as Lutera but I will wait for my body to adjust a little more. I would definitely say give it a try before you call your pharmacist screaming.
Got implanon inserted about two months ago now, because my period is normally irregular I had to take a pregnancy test before I could do it, all was well so we went ahead.The bruise was massive but not painful in any way. Obviously I had to have my period at some point, it started 4 days after insertion and lasted 2 weeks. Since then I haven 't had my period and don 't feel like I will get it soon.No adverse side effects so far.I was worried about gaining weight once I got it and actually I lost 10 kilos because my hunger just stopped altogether. I have fixed that by making sure I eat properly and am currently working on returning to my natural weight.Would recommend to anyone who doesn 't feel reliable enough for the pill.
I was on here  reading about others ' experiences at 3 a.m. After I vomited the second bottle. I worried all night that I would have to repeat the prep but the doctor was able to complete the procedure anyway saying I was clean!! The drink had a good flavor and I even succeeded in getting the second bottle down but it just didn 't stay down. No fun but necessary.
I started phentermine on 04/01/2016. Female/43/5 '6/Beginning weight 307. I have had issues with mild headaches and dry mouth but not to the point its not tolerable. I find the medication gives me energy and my heart rate has increase (again its tolerable). I 'm currently taking 37.5 mg a day. I have found for me the most effective way to take it is 1/2 in the mornings and the 2nd half no later then 1pm. I have changed my calorie intake to 1200 a day. I cut reg soda, which is my addiction, and switched to diet soda and water. I joined the gym yesterday so I start my workout today. My short term goal is 20lbs in a month, mid goal is down 50lbs by July and long term goal is 100lbs off within a year.
I 've been on a few different medications, which all made me really drowsy and had little effect with anxiety symptoms, if anything was more paranoid as couldn 't function properly, however now on 15mg mirtazapine taken around 8pm before bed, it has worked the best! I 'm actually out of bed daily not feeling hopelessness and eased my anxiety ten fold..! I feel alive again.not hyper but normal, for the first time in long time. (10years) only side effect I 've found is my appetites increased, but am monitoring it. If I had known that medication worked so well I would of asked for a review years ago.
I just began Contrave on Friday March 20th. Since then I have not had any significant side effects. A little jittery at times but I also drink a lot of coffee so that could be causing the jitters. I 've been sleeping great, just as before I started the medication. I haven 't had any more cravings but I am still getting hungry around meal times. I 'm being more cautious of what I 'm eating and am also keeping a food journal in combination of a med journal...logging how I felt on that day and such. In the four days I 've been on it I have lost 4 pounds! I 'm pretty excited about. Still on just taking one pill in the morning. Will start taking my evening pill this Friday. So far, so good!
Hi I have had severe depression anxiety and intrusive thoughts for over a year I was put on 50mg sertralin and felt great then increased to 100mg within days felt awful so now back down to 50mg has anyone else had this experience?
I was on this pill for 8 years.  I never had mood swings, weight gain, or decreased sex drive.  It initially helped with acne, but I developed cystic acne while taking this pill and the pill didn 't seem to help it.  I thought I should switch birth controls for this reason.  I switched to Ortho-cept/Reclipsen - BIG mistake.  NO sex drive, mood swings, extreme fatigue and depression.  The only positive was that it has gotten the cystic acne under control.  The rest of the side effects aren 't worth it though and I have switched back to Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo which had none of these side effects.  I definitely think Ortho is the way to go.
I 've been taking this medication for almost 2 years now and still get headaches. My doctor just keeps upping the dose apparently it 's suppose to be one of the best medications in headache/migraine prevention out there. I also take blood pressure medication as well, so taking this with a fairly high dose should take them away completely, correct? Not completely.
It works to get rid of the yeast infection but the cream does burn at first and in the morning I wake up itchy. During the day I can tell its much better. Even though the product is a little itchy. I will use again. I get lots of yeast infections.
Well my Doctor boosted my ADHD medicine Adderall XR to 30 mg and I have a hard time falling a sleep even after a 14 hour work day. So he prescribed clonidine  to  counter my Adderall XR. Adderall helps me function at work really well. But my sleep disorder has worsen. I was taking Xanax and Ambient to sleep, but since I started adderall XR I had to stop taking the other two medications. What helps you sleep?
I rated this based on how the medicine worked in the beginning. HOWEVER over time my symptoms became worse, would happen during the day, and I had to take the medication around 6pm to be effective by 10pm. I am now on a low dose of Tylenol 3 that I take 30 minutes before bed. In the three months I have been on this regimine, my daytime symptoms have disappeared. I have not had to increase dosage or felt the need to take the medicine at bedtime (major concern of Drs is becoming addicted to anything with codeine/ opiate). Also tried gabapentin. It was a nightmare.
I was on Pentasa for 19 years but every time I had a colonoscopy the crohn 's was progressing.  I finally ended in the hospital with a severe inflammation.  I was told by 2 GI docs that the Pentasa was probably not working but back in 1997, except for 6mp they really had no other alternative.  2 months ago I switched to Humira.  Many more side effects than Pentasa however.
This works better than anything I 've tried. I was doing well with Strattera for 4 years then it stopped working. I did well on Wellbutrin many years, it stopped working, etc. With Fetzima I get up easily in the morning because I lay in bed for at least 15 minutes, I pet and play with my cat, have quiet time saying things I 'm grateful for and sometimes I get guidance for information for my day. I don 't overeat anymore, I get full fast, can only eat 1/2 as much as I used to because I get bloated which helps. My headaches went away after 2 months and my sweating is almost gone away now after 3 months. I feel good and motivated to do things. I 'm not hyper like with Wellbutrin.
I have been on Dilantin for 20 yrs it has helped me from having seizure when I remembered to take it but the past 5 years I have taken it everyday like I 'm suppose to I take 300mg everyday in the morning at the same time. There has been one time that I had a seizure while taking my medicine everyday it happen at night and I only know this because I woke my wife up in the middle of it . I do have problems remembering things that happened not even five minutes ago but its not all the time. I have the swollen gums and problems talking (Saying the wrong word at the end of a sentence). I have experienced dizzy spells but only if I took too much (Taking my meds and forgetting about taken it) Better safe than sorry.
I 'm 35 (female) and this medicine helped the bronchitis in 1st dose.  However, this is the 3rd night with extreme insomnia, dizziness and burst of energy and no appetite.  Feels like I 've had an energy drink, great for the day but I toss and turn all night long. I 'm lucky if I get 2 -3 hours of sleep! Oh yes my stomach sometimes feels queasy.
Liked the first bottle and seems to be working.SEcond bottle round not oval, VERY,  VERY hard to press for a drop, can 't tell if there is a drop or not as the brush is so thick until it is put right on the nail and by then there may be 2 drops on the brush.  VERY VERY difficult to tell how much you are using at $83.00 per bottle which lasts 3 weeks this is a very expensive  way to use.I had no problem with the first bottle. Oval in shape easy to squeeze for a drop, brush was easy to see what you are doing.
I 'm only on day three. I 've actually been holding on to my pill bottle for over a month because I was afraid of the side affects based on other reviews. I still feel quite hungry throughout the day, but I seem to fill up easier than I normally do. I have experienced the &quot;twilight zone&quot; feeling for about 4 hours after taking it (at lunch time works best for me). Feeling a bit nauseated as well, and had some very mild stomach cramps this morning. My mood has been okay, maybe a tad cranky in the afternoon and sluggish by early evening. But my hopes are high that this will help me out. No weight loss yet.
worked great for me, other than it caused irritation and it burnt like hell.
I suffer from erectile dysfunction and take one 20mg pill approximately every week. The effects kick in after at least couple of hours and can last 2 days or so. I can quickly rise to the occasion, feel thicker and much harder than usual and last for a long time.  The downsides are the high expense, mild headache, nasal congestion and temporary loss of sense of smell. All in all Cialis has helped me, and as the pros outweigh the cons and I will continue with the 20mg tablets.
I found immense relief with Inderal, on just 10mg every morning and night....it was like a miracle as preventative and I also have found it dulls a migraine if one happens to break through, by taking an extra one.  I had been waking up with a bad headache/migraine every day, which lasted all day.  Codeine was my only vague relief in mega doses.  My only complaint is that since commencing Inderal I have gained 10kg and no dieting seems to help!  All this in only 12 months.  The other side effects have been an increase to my allergy intolerance to certain foods ie chocolate and a heightened problem with low blood sugar.  So, the doctor has just commenced me on Topamax instead 25mg every morning and night.  Will report how this compares!
in my third week of 05 mg as add on to Paxil, After first week I thought to myself, &quot;so this is what its like to feel good, up beat and happy&quot; Now this week i definately notice increase in appetite, constantly snacking and looking for something to eat. That will not make me happy as weight issues were already a problem. Also a bit troublesome is I am feeling tingling in my arm. from wrist all the way up to my elbow. Tingling numb, soemthing is off. My guess its the rexulti. See doctor on MOnday and will update. If it gets worse I will follow up sooner
After being treated for only a week with Sporanox pro I felt a lot better. Supplementing it with a strict diet really helped.
I was diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety, as well as a bit of OCD regarding my weight well over 10 years ago, but started taking medication for it only 2 years ago. I 'm on Wellbutrin again, after a year or so off of it, for about 6 days now and I haven 't felt much of a positive change whatsoever, unfortunately. The one side effect I 've been getting are extreme migraines. I suffer from chronic migraines anyway, but they 're never usually this bad, every day. I 'm not sure if it 's because I 'm still coming off of the Zoloft, while starting up the Wellbutrin. Zoloft gave me awful headaches, and major weight gain along with some insomnia. I 'm sticking it out and hoping that the migraines go away. I have been nauseous daily also.
I have had pain in my back and leg going on 5 years, I was perscribed Lyrica Thursday, by Saturday I was feeling so much better. The only problem I have is the expence. I also have other medicine I have to take.
As as nurse I am aware of the colon preps and stories that go with them so when my doctor recommended this I figured it would be ok.  I started gagging about halfway through the first bottle but was able to get it down.  I don 't throw up easy.  There is something about the taste that lingers so I got a piece of strong peppermint gum to chew between swallows.  Baby wipes are essential as is a straw to get it down.  The second dose I ened up only getting 2/3s down and new if I tried anymore it was all coming back up.  Even with all the fluids I drank I was so dehydrated that it took FIVE tries to get an IV started on me and worse everything I eat is still coming right out a day later. When does it stop?
I went on this after LoEstrin 24 gave me insomnia.  I 've been on it for 2 months and it 's not bad.  It works for birth control.  The only side effects I have had are hair loss. I get mood swings when I&quot;m on the 2nd week of the pack.  I 'm ok with it for now, but I 'm thinking about switching to one that doesn 't make me so irritable.
I had been on Paxil for about 2 and a half years but recently I decided to go off of it. I have been off for about 2 months now but have all of a sudden experienced such fear and anxiety. I feel the way I did when I went on the pill, never wanting to leave the house, or go to work.  I need to work but it 's so hard to get through the day! Now my doctor says I will probably need to be on this my whole life. I gained weight when I was on it to which I didn 't like. Do you think I should go back on it, I can 't function like this though.
Due to my poor flow of urination and physically checking the condition of my prostate ( also did my lower abdominal ultrasound measured prostate gland is 58cc and my PSA value is 0.4 ng/ml far from 4ng/ml) my urologist advised me to take Tamsulosin, after 1 month re the result of my uro-flowmetry found good.But side effects is sexual as a result mental, decreased sex drive and volume of erection, even it 's difficult to get harder for long time.Tomorrow I am planning to consult with my physician, should I drop Tamsulosin now, because I already took I months medication he advised.
I tore my labrum in my left hip, doctor gave me Robaxin at 1st but didn 't seem to work. I take 2 of these and 1 Vicodin and I feel much better. After surgery I will hopefully be able to get rid of these and get back to normal.
Night pain from knee osteoarthritis - a burning on the medial side - sometimes bothers me at night, particularly if I have been active during the day. If I get up walk around for a few minutes sometimes the pain vanishes. Otherwise  I apply Voltaren gel- about the size of a small grape over the sore place and the pain goes away pretty quickly. I occasionally apply Voltaren ahead of time if I know I 'm going to be on my feet a lot. 
I am a heavy smoker and will always consider myself a smoker due to my love for smoking. I started taking CHANTIX one week prior to having a Hysterectomy. I experienced vivid dreams, depression, very lethargic, my sense of smell is really weird (everything stinks) and I had severe mood swings. Not sure what to blame on the missing ovaries or the medicine. I gave up up smoking 6 weeks after starting the medicine and my &quot;wonderful&quot; cigarettes taste terrible. My kids are happy because I have quit smoking. I have more money since the Chantix has seemed to curb my taste for alcohol as well. I would recommend this to strong minded people.
Paxil has been great. Within less than a week I was feeling better than I have felt in a long time. I have OCD, anxiety issues, PTSD and postpartum depression and Paxil has helped me see a light. I can enjoy my baby girl and life again! I haven 't experienced any of the side effects it says you experience.
I 'm 16 yr old female and was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6. I was on Ritalin, then something else, then Concerta and it was hard. I had major depression, lack of sleep, lack of appetite and the ability to feel any emotion was gone. Yes I 'm an A student but I was not happy, so I tried Vyvance. It doesn 't last as long but I am happier. I can feel emotion now and I 'm still getting A 's and B 's.
This is my third month and honestly I love it, it 's perfect for me but you know what they always say &quot;birth control does work differently on different women&quot; mainly because we all have different reactions to Sprintec. BUT! The &quot;Cons&quot; about this pill. Yes ladies, your breasts will be swore most of the time! Well that 's for me basically but other then that, I haven 't been feeling nauseous as much though, but that 's only when it 's close to my period, I don 't get headaches, no swelling, no gain in weight, it 's just perfect for me. Oh &amp; the most important thing I Love love Love about this pill, ladies if you have bad cramps let 's say, 1-10 a 8-10 I highly recommend this pill because by the first month my cramps wasn 't bad at all it went to a 5. 
It 's three days after finishing the tenth day of taking Pylera. The first four days of taking the medication, I felt no side effects. On days five through ten, I was nauseous, dizzy, and had a headache, especially right after taking my daily doses. I took the medicine with a meal three times a day and with a light snack before bed. Stools also turned a dark greenish color and were often irregular throughout the day bordering on diarrhea. Also had a feeling of uneasiness, like a panic attack, right after taking the medicine on three occasions. I 'll have to check with my doctor to confirm if the H. pylori has been eradicated and also wait a few weeks to see if my ulcers heal (which I 've read can take from a few weeks to a few months).
I 've been on Ambien for years; no problems.  I 'm 6 months out from having gastric bypass surgery.  Two months ago, I started waking up in the night - restless, agitated, heart pounding, feeling like I couldn 't get a deep breath of air so I could relax, racing thoughts..., horrible!  Then started doing strange things in sleep (eating, no recollections of having done certain things).  Quit taking Ambien per doc 's recommendation but now I can only sleep 2-3 hours a night.  Have tried herbal supplements with no luck.  Think I 'm going to try Ambien again. Maybe 5mg at bedtime, and another 5mg when I wake up accompanied with a Xanax.  Hope it works!
1mg during a panic attack is good with minor dopiness felt. 0.5mg if panic is on-setting and to keep it at bay.
I have been on this birth control for 3 months. I started using it because I had horrible PMS and menstrual cycles. The first 2 months were difficult to get through. I had a period every 2 weeks along with all the PMS/menstrual symptoms I was trying to get away from. After finishing up my 3rd month I have not had any bleeding at all.  During the 3rd month I have had mild side effects such as bloating, headache, nausea and increased appetite. I am hoping these side effects will go away the longer I am on the pill. I would much rather deal with the symptoms caused by the pill then deal with the issues I had when I was not on it. Warning, it is very expensive.
For me it works pretty good but not perfect . It surely makes my Psoriasis better , but it will not really disappear totally . I 'd say it takes away 75% of Everything , but when you stop with Otezla , it all comes back worse than ever .But a combination of Dervovat and Otezla works great for me . Here in sweden we pay a maximum of 220 USD/Year for drugs . Then it`s free :-) . Since Otezla costs 750 USD/ Month here , I 'm thankful for that .
I 've been on Generess Fe now for over two years, and I am switching to a different birth control. The main reason I 'm switching is because my sex drive is virtually non-existent, and my Dr. said that is because the Generess levels you out (because it is super low in estrogen), so you don 't get the &quot;highs&quot; you would get with some other BC pills or without BC. Also, it is not covered by most insurance because it is a chewable (I 've paid about $25/mo, which is not as fun as free). And I feel like it gives me uncontrollable breakouts -- I also looked into this and a lack of estrogen causes your skin to produce more oil, which causes breakouts. On the plus side, I haven 't had a period in over a year!Time to switch for me.
I see so many people here rating this medicine as a lifesaver, and especially thankful because it allows them to play with their kids. Its the same for me. I still have a very low quality of life and spend a lot of time in bed, but without it I would barely be human.
An amazing medication considering the earlier antiphsycotics available, I think its more expensive that could effect availability.  I do suffer from shaky hands but its the only side effect noticed.I take 20mg at night, it doesn 't make me sleepy, no weight gain or hangover effect. Don 't increase the dose it doesn 't help it just gives restless legs and I was informed a dangerous to increase
Hello, I decided to share my experience because I know how it feels to be so scared and stressed. I had unprotected sex twice in a day on 6th of November. Next day I found out that my ovulation was on the 5th of November. I was about to die. I was searching through internet and I found out about the morning after pill. I wasn 't sure if it was available for me because I 'm only 18.  3 days after I went to get the morning after pill to boots and I felt so much better. Today I 'm so happy because I got my period on time! I 'm still shocked because I thought I 'm pregnant. Ellaone works and I recommend it because it 's just amazing!!
I 'm on my 3rd day. My mood seems to have mellowed out a bit. I 'm not as moody as I normally am. I don 't have the itchy skin but I have been experiencing a bit of nausea. This is my first time being on antidepressants and I really hope this gets me out of the funk I 've been in the last 6 months. I got a 3 week sample supply and haven 't submitted my prescription yet to see if insurance will cover what my physician describes it as &quot;the designer antidepressant&quot;.
The only confirmation I have that it works is my blood work. I feel no better or worse on Synthroid. It is very annoying to take. You have to take it in the morning, on an empty stomach, no food for an hour. And for some, no calcium for two hours. Tell me how do you eat breakfast with this medicine!? It does work though, so I gave it an 8.
Background on my skin: combination skin type, had acne since I hit puberty (I am now 17), mild acne but always scarredI started Epiduo &amp; took the solodyn pill after I visited my dermatologist after spring break (end of March) . I read reviews that it took a while to start working so I waited and waited for my skin to finally clear up. It is now the end of July and my skin has never been clearer! Although it did take a lot longer than many people have said it took them, it is so worth it. I also think my problem was that during the school year I would take a shower then put epiduo on before I went to bed, while my hair was still wet, so when I feel asleep it may have washed some of the epiduo off. All in all I am very happy now though!!!
I 've found this medication to be helpful in calming down the sharp pains I feel throughout my body. I notice that at the site of my initial injury (foot), I still have constant pain, but the pain has decreased. I also notice that if I 'm stressed the medication seems to not work as well so I don 't know if I need the dosage increased, but there is a major difference in how much pain I feel. I do not like the side effects, but which would I rather have - sharp pains or side effects? For me they 're headaches, drowsiness, dizziness, fatigue, odd stomach upsets initially after taking the medication, unfocused attention, euphoria, and that &quot;high&quot; feeling. I don 't get all of these side effects each time I take it but it can be any of them.
I have been on Lutera for a good 5 months, it was suppose to be good for my acne but has made my acne worse. It has caused me to become VERY irritated, but the reason I am switching is because it has caused heavy breakthrough bleeding, which is quite frustrating! I have been on 5 other birth control pills in the last 8 years, and never experienced this before. Besides the breakthrough bleeding, it has made my actual period A LOT shorter, it only lasts about 1-3 days, but I get it about every 2 weeks instead of my usual 29 day cycle.
I 've been on topomax for 6 weeks now along with walking at least 2 to 3 miles a day sometimes skipping a day or two depending on the weather I 'm 40lbs down. Appetite gone, smoothies are enough for me and no snacks. No side effects by the way. 50mg twice daily
I started my journey on 7/29/2017.  Unfortunately I am very limited to my exercise routine due to a car accident. I changed the way I eat and I try to eat healthier and smaller portions. I so far am down 6 lbs.  I am hoping I keep losing. With the discount card it 's free no copay for me.
I think this experience would come under &quot;Anxiety&quot; but it may not.  My wife of 55 years died 3 months ago and to help with the grief the Dr. gave me Diazapam (Vallium) 5mgs to be taken 3 time a day for 28 days. This did seem to help calm me down but it didn 't help to control the weeping not the deep seated feeling of lonliness. Now I don 't take it regularly but when I start feeling really depressed about my situation  and loss, I can take a 10mgs pill which appears to soothe the bad memories away to some extent. Regrettably it hasn 't helped with my sleep problem yet.  Prior to my wife passing away to a better place, I was able to drop off to sleep almost immediately when I climbed into bed, no it takes 3 hours before sleep eventually comes.
I 'm in the navy and it was very hard fighting my sleep for the first 5 years of being in I finally got a sleep study an they diagnosed me with narcolepsy. I don 't really like taking medication for anything but my doctor introduced me to Provigil. I finally feel like a normal person, although the first month I had very bad headaches it slowly went away and I went from taking 1 100mg pill a day to 2 100mg pills. My body got used to it within the first 2mths. Overall I love this medicine. works pretty good for me.
I knew I always was ADHD, but I found that this medicine really helped to stabilize my mood. I used to be grouchy all the time, now I feel more laid back. I also suffer from Ulnar Neuropathy, and it seems to really help with the pain! So far I enjoy this medicine. I 'm a little concerned it might directly affect my short-term memory though.
I 've been taking Adipex for about 3 weeks now and I&quot;ll tell you I have more energy and my appetite has decreased dramatically. I am able to stay on my 1400 calorie a day diet without any hunger pangs.  I don 't know how much weight I 've lost yet, but my co-workers say they see it.  I just know I 'm not going to stop until I reach my goal of 200 lbs by my 50th birthday...January, 2009. I started out weighing 276 lbs.
I sincerely hope you are reading this BEFORE buying, because it will definitely help. First of all, I probably waited too long to buy this medicine, which is why I had the experience I did. Nevertheless, if you have a fan, YOU WILL NEED IT. About 30 minutes after I inserted the ovule, I felt a slight burning sensation that gradually increased to the point I couldn 't stand it. I wanted to jump into a tub of ice water. I wanted to scream. Then I spotted my fan sitting on the floor across the room. I plugged it in, spread my legs, and felt immediately relief. Now, it 's been about 2 hours &amp; though the burning sensation is there, it is COMPLETELY bearable. Much better than before. I don 't know what I would have done without this fan.
I am a 70 year old married man.  I started on Rapaflo 2 months ago.  It seems to have reduced my urination trips at night from about 4 to 1 or 2.  I can still have an orgasm, but I have to focus harder, and the subsequent ejaculation is dry.  Something I have never experienced before.  It does seem to be very expensive, at $142 for a 30 day supply
I got the shock of my life when I had blood work done and my sugar read in the 8.0 range. I received a call from the ER telling me I had to come in immediately for an insulin shot. I almost ran there. I went on Glipizide 5 mg., taken twice a day. I was not happy. I knew my weight had a lot to do with it, so I went on a diet. I went from 180 to 100 pounds. My doctor also put me on Metformin. All that did was make me vomit. Today, I control my sugar levels by diet alone. My doctor asks me about every six months if I would be willing to go back on the Metformin. &quot;No thanks. Vomiting is not my favorite activity. Today I am able to keep my A1c around 6.0-6.1. If I can do it so can you. Lose the weight.
Seems to be clearing up the skin pretty fast so far, but it does burn. Anyway, I can deal with that, as long as it clears up the skin.
The medicine works wonders on controlling my hot flashes.  It is easy to use but will only stay on for about 5 days.  I apply to clean dry skin and take one shower a day.  I don 't sit in a tub of water or go swimming. This is the only negative thing besides the price.  I have to pay for my medicine but it is worth the dollars, not having constant hot flashes.
I 've been on Hydrocodone 10/325 for almost a year now and it works great! I suffer from chronic sciatica pain caused by L4-L5 disc. It dosen 't get rid of the pain completely but it makes it more tolerable.
My mother has been taking Namenda for Alzheimer 's for over a year now.  She was first prescribed Aricept which made her more anxious/hyperactive &amp; no noticeable positive impact.  After 2 weeks of Namenda, there was noticeable improvement in her cognitive abilities.  In fact, the light bulb finally went off &amp; she realized she had Alzheimer 's.  She spent the next several days on the phone breaking the news to family and friends, who had known for over 2 years by that time.  My opinion:  Namenda keeps her in 2013 - in the present.  Her logic, reasoning, problem-solving skills, short term memory, comprehension and communication skills are impaired from the disease, but she recognizes this and acknowledges her feelings of confusion.
Getting up in the morning and walking around is a lot less challenging since I started Remicade in June 2008. Before Remicade, I 'd have to sit down in my tripod stool after just crossing the street due to extreme fatigue. Now I can walk to the grocery and back.
It worked well. My symptoms went away for the most part after about 3 days. Side effects weren 't too bad. Mild upset stomach and abdominal pain. Today is the last day of my prescription. While I 'm also just starting birth control at the same time there is still some spotting but I 've been informed that it should clear up with in the next few days.
I got Liletta inserted on November the second. I cramped, but I was fine. I have two kids, I got pregnant while on Skyla. I thought to give this a try, since it has a higher hormone amount. I have been on my period now for 4.5 weeks, its been relatively light. Nothing crazy at all, and no cramping. But now its even more blood. My husband and I have had sex, ( he could care less about getting me pregnant or not) So far, I 'm not pregnant. So I guess its doing its job. But I haven 't had acne, no weight gain, no change in skin... Just this dang long period. But Ill give myself a longer time to see how it does.
I have been on this birth control for 6-7 months now and it does what it 's supposed to do. The first month met me with with severe, painful cramping for 48 hours straight with no relief, and I definitely had breakthrough bleeding in the first 2 months or so. After that, things have generally been smooth sailing, my period has been getting lighter and shorter in duration every cycle since then. No significant changes in mood or (facial) acne... though this cycle I have started getting acne on my back and butt which I never have experienced before. Sex drive has decreased, and haven 't been able to get &quot;wet&quot; since the first month or so. But I still have been having plenty of sex regardless and am not pregnant, so it 's doing it 's job.
I have been taking this as needed for a year now. I was experiencing bad vertigo and ended up having a brain tumor. 2 surgeries and 3 hospitalizations later I still experience some vertigo and vision issues. I take 25 mg as needed and it helps tremendously! It does make you drowsy, but after using it for awhile that side effect does subside. I have had no other side effects from it, I find it very calming and it also helps with mild nausea which typically accompanies the vertigo.
I started feeling deep hot bone pain about 3 month ago and got worse and worse. My boyfriend  took me to a Rheumatologist.  All she did was touch my body at certain points.  I said &quot;Oh, that feels good&quot; and right away she knew it was fibromyalgia.   My dosage has been raised 3 times and now taking 800mg 3x a day.  Then I read it cause weight gain (gasp).  I wish I didn 't read that part but overall today the fog is lifting and I have little pain here and there but I take Subutex for that.  I am also on dextroamphetamine  for the chronic fatigue and helps a lot.  Besides I 've been diagnosed with ADHD.
Got the Nexplanon at the end of November 2013. Got my cycle in December it was light and minor cramps. I did start to see that I didn 't have a lot of energy, didn 't want to do much of anything but stuff my face and stay in bed and I was a little bit moody. I didn 't get my cycle for a month and a half then got it at the end of Feb. Had it for a week then stopped but spotted then period came back for another week and still had some spotting and now I still have it. Its about 10 days. I got the Nexplanon due to having bad cramps, I feel nothing which is amazing. Now, my skin is clearer, I don 't have mood swings anymore. I do have energy and I have been eating everything in sight (for me is good because I 'm slender).
Really dried up my congestion, but made me very sleepy
I have been taking oxycodone, 15mg tabs, 4 times a day, for a couple of years, for severe joint, neck, &amp; back pain.  My Doctor says this is the maximum dose for the drug.  I am a 300 pound, 5 ' 6 ' ', 75 year old, male.  The medicine works at about 85% to 90% level, for about 4 hours for me.  I think I need to increase the dose to every 4 hours or 6 hours a day or move up to 20mg tablets.
I am 15. I have been on Zoloft (25 mg) for over a month now. I was prescribed through my gastroenterologist for social anxiety and generalized anxiety which was causing ongoing digestive trouble. I have suffered through severe anxiety disorders and depression for most of my life. Since the first pill, I have cried only once. My overwhelming loneliness and hopelessness has gone away also. I haven 't had any side effects that I 've noticed. The only downside to this medicine is that it hasn 't worked well for me in social situations when I am nervous. It does not prevent me from shaking, turning red, tensing up, etc. It might be necessary for me to move up to 50 mg, but that isn 't urgent as of right now. I would recommend.
I am almost done my second pack and I love this medication. I didn 't get depressed or nausea like a lot of other reviews. I am seeing a little weight gain, however my breasts have started at a C and are now a D. I think I am switching off of this though simply due to cost per month.
I have taken Uloric for about 2 years now and has done very well at controlling my gout.  I originally started with the 40mg pills but still had minor attacks about once a month.  My doctor increased my dosage to the 80mg and I no longer have attacks.  The price is way to high.
I have been on the depo shot for a year now.. ITS AWESOME!! I don 't have periods at all.. only spotted for a couple of week for the first month and a few days before my last shot.. my cramps aren 't as bad as they were before I started the shot.. the only thing I notice I can relate to on the other women 's post is my emotions are slightly unstable.. I want to cry about EVERYTHING!!! not to the point where its uncontrollable but just to things that should not make me wanna cry (radio commercials, funny tv shows, etc.) other then that I feel great! no weight gain, loss of sleep, or excessive bleeding.. I am very happy with bc!!
Dosage had to be increased to highest. 75 mg  every 4-6 hours.
After the death of my father I was thrown into an extremely depressive state and it only got worse as time went on. I was unable to get out of bed in the morning, go to school and could not carry out my normal life due to the constant feelings of hopelessness, sadness, etc. I had lost interest in everything and everyone and also began self harming. Ive been on Lexapro (20 mg) for about four months and it has helped me a large amount with my depression but it makes me feel like a bit of a zombie. The side effects were not the best but it has given me the energy and hope to get out of bed in the morning. Lexapro helped me a immense amount and I would recommend that you try it.
I am currently using Abreva for the first time and I will absolutely use it again! I did not apply until after the blister appeared. It was a large cluster sores (about the size of a dime). I am so happy with how fast it worked! Typically, my cold sores last 10 days. It 's been 4 and my cold sore has significantly reduced in size - its practically gone. I 'm confident it 'll be gone by day 7. There has been no crusty dry stage - which I feel is the most embarrassing. I have to agree with another comment I read about the bright white color.  I would have liked to use it more frequently throughout the day, but didn 't want to draw anymore attention with white paste all over my face at work. It was worth the $20, a little goes a long way!
I 've been taking this for about 2 months now.  I 've lost 14lbs on it and it seems as if I 'm tapering off on weight loss so I may have to move up to the next dose.  At first I had the nasty metal taste in my mouth, so much so that I carried a bottle of mouthwash around with me!  Could hardly stand it.  But now, I don 't have it at all.  The side effects did taper off altogether.  I find the medication very helpful along with working out.
I just started my 4th month. The first 2 months showed quite a bit of improvement but after 3 months my face was the same. I still get 1 or 2 pimples around the end of the month so I am now on 60mg instead of 40mg. I switched to Cetaphil facial wash and facial moisturizer as well as Loreal hydrafresh skin toner, since it is alcohol free, about a month ago and no longer have a huge drying problem on my face, my scars are also looking better. I use vaseline on my lips and in my nose. In the beginning my skin on my hands and arms was severely dry and hurt, but after my shower now I use baby oil and vaseline body lotion and I don 't have a problem with dry skin anymore either. I have gotten a lot of compliments since I started this pill, I hope it continues improving my face!
I finished up my first pack of Generess a week ago, and it 's my first birth control pill. I know you 're supposed to take it for three months before the side effects go away, but I couldn 't resist reviewing. It 's effective--I 'm not pregnant and have regular sex. However, the side effects aren 't great. The 1st week was ok, just some loose stool after Day 1. By the time I got halfway through the second week, I had (sometimes heavy) spotting that went on for 1.5 weeks STRAIGHT. I 'm not a  fan of having sex while bleeding, so it was frustrating. Also, my moods swing like a pendulum. I 'll go from happy to raging in ten seconds. My face breaks out more now, and I also find I 'm eating A LOT more than usual. The side effects are dwindling, though, so I 'm happy!
Thought I would share since there are so many negative reviews. After a full month of having the implant, I 'm a fan (would have given 10/10 but it 's still early). Occasional discomfort at the implant site, but from what I 've read thats normal and is just the scar tissue being tugged by the muscle. Got the implant the first week of Jan, didn 't get my period that weekend as scheduled, but it came a week later. I had a single cramp the night before I got it, like a warning sign, and then had my period for 10 days. Seemed like a lot, but now that I have no sign of a period, or even spotting for almost 2 weeks now.
I have had mild/moderate acne ever since I was 12. I 've tried countless over the counter products, but decided to see a dermotoligist for real results. She put me on epiduo at 14 which worked slightly but being in the sun for a short amount of time gave me a rash on my face. I then went on once-daily cream(the cream is called once-daily) and it didn 't help. My acne calmed down when I was 16, but came back just before my 17th. My doctor prescribed differen to me and I 'm already getting results 2 weeks in. Only thing is I can 't use it every day because it dries my skin out too much, but that 's to be expected. Moisturiser is a must with this gel or your skin will flake! It really does help but, my skin tone is much nicer. Recommend it :)
I wrote back in May and wanted to follow up since it has now been 4 months.  My allergist was a bit disappointed as I still have some eczema -- I am about 70 percent clearer.  I haven 't been using any steroid creams so maybe with those we would see better results. I did go through a crazy flaky period on my face/scalp/arms.  I finally used some tar shampoo and tea tree oil to get through that it lasted a good 8 to 10 weeks. My skin does feel much softer, my husband has commented several times. I think the most noticeable thing for me is the ITCH IS GONE.  That alone is worth the shots to me. I wish I had better luck with clearer skin. We don 't realize how much we scratch ourselves without even thinking, until we stop.
Had horrible back pain, along with other opiates this product works wonderfully.
I started taking 30mg of Cymbalta about a month ago. I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia and was prescribed Cymbalta mainly for depression, but I must say that Cymbalta has significantly helped the chronic pain. I had side effects the first two weeks or so, but they mostly went away. As far as depression goes though, it hasn 't really helped me.
This definitely helped my eyes, one was almost swollen shut, the eye lids were swollen bad, eyes bloodshot, extreme watering and painful. After one day eyes are 50 % better. 
I 've been struggling with deep muscle and bone pain. After trying Vicodin, tramadol, gabapentin and more I can 't even remember, my new doctor gave me a Lyrica sample. For the first time in four years, I was able to get out of bed with no pain. It 's changed my life.
I 've only been on it for about 1 month.  They have increased my dosage and I have noticed a change for the better.
Good pain med took a few days to get use to it.I 'm on the max dose 600mg/ day.  I got quite dizzy at first trying to figure out when to take my break through meds. Very little highs and lows for me that is important  not like the Percocets I used to take.
Ive Been on this birth control since April 15th , I love about 10 pounds in the first couple months. So far it 's been working great. Getting it put in did reality my pain tolorence is pretty good, I have a small scar not very noticeable. I have had unprotected sex since then and I 'm starting to get worried... I sleep all the time I eat so much I have brown discharge and I may just be over thinking but I don 't know. I 'm only 15 so improbably just being paranoid. But other than that it has worked for me I see that i.e. Been breaking out on my face a lot more. Not to bad I plan to keep using This implant.
Well there isn 't a cure, but this sure helps.
Ok first off whoever said to take with milk is a idiot. Taking too much calcium with this medicine as it bonds and makes the drug useless.  Always take with food the medicine will not make you nauseous. On day 3 of the 10 day course I still feel like rubbish and coughing regularly. But I can see improvement this was my 2nd course of medicine as the first failed. Despite what the person said about pnuemonia DON 'T  stop taking this as is usually one of the medicines you would take paired with something else to treat pnuemonia. If you stop taking a medicine and the infection comes back it will then be immune to the drug and all its brothers and sisters. &quot; food for though&quot;
Just took 1/2 of the tab today 6-2-17. I weigh 248lbs at 5 '6&quot;. I 'm hoping this works quickly- not feeling anything yet. But it 's only 9:49am. My 1st GW is 220. 2nd GW is 200 3rd GW is 175. I 'll report back with any progress.
Hi everyone! I just got the Kyleena IUD inserted today, so I cannot tell you about the experience of having it long term yet. However, I will tell you about the insertion process. Be warned that it WILL be painful. It is painful to have the cervix opened by the instrument while the IUD is placed into the uterus, however, for me it did not last any longer than two minutes. I would highly recommend taking 800mg of ibuprofen before hand, and having someone to drive you home. I would also recommend taking the day off afterward to pamper yourself by snuggling with a heating pad or hot water bottle and napping. The cramping persisted for me at its worst for about 2 hours, and for the next 6 I experienced bad cramping but it was manageable!
I have been taking it for Sinusitis for 8 days. It seems to have helped and I am feeling better.
My experience was really good. I had little stomach pain. I took it at 6pm so I could drink lots of fluids till 8p. Then at 630a I went diarrhea. I just had trouble sleeping bc the constipation was no Bueno. The culprit in my stomach was gas and it was making me feel fatigue :-( I 'm all better now and feeling good today. What also helped was drinking water and prune juice frequently. I believe it takes the side effects of the laxative away.
Glyburide 2.5mg works pretty well in lowering my blood sugar levels along with my metformin and Januvia.
I can 't even begin with how absolutely disgusting and vile this was. I could not stop shivering like I was cold and gagging and I had goose bumps everywhere. I am finding it almost impossible to finish the second dose. I honestly wouldn 't wish this on my worst enemy and I will never have another colonoscopy after this experience. While all that sucks sadly the medicine actually does work very well and gets the job done. I would recommend being extremely close to the toilet afterwards.
Too much female discomforts.  Not sure if I should continue with it if there could be another product just as good with less discomfort.  Will be checking with my doctor.
This really helped to clear up my skin. I had the worst skin ever and was super self-conscious but now it 's all good. I used this along with applying some Clearacil night-time products on my skin and it really worked. I recommend it fully, though I did notice I was more susceptible to sunburns.
I took Metformin 1000 mgs b.i.d. with no glucose control, added in Januvia 50 mgs 1 qd and STILL no glucose control and A1c sucked big time.  Now have added in 300 mgs of Invokana 1 qd and my glucose has dropped from 450+ to 110-120 and my A1c is down from 9.7 to 6.2!  Severe hair loss and leg and hand cramping but I am ALIVE!!
I 've been taking 20 mg Paxil for about 11 years now for anxiety, and though it makes me calmer it has several side effects that I don 't like.  1. Decreased libido/decreased orgasm  2.  Constipation  3.  Decreased energy.   A friend of mine also told me I seem more &quot;delayed&quot; after I 've been taking it regularly. Sometimes I take half a pill or skip days when I feel I need to get more things done, or I want my boyfriend to be happy.  But I notice if I skip it for more than 3 days in a row I feel &quot;crazy&quot; and hyper and scattered.  I definitely get more irritable when I 'm not on it, but I &quot;feel&quot; more emotionally and notice I dance more often in the kitchen with my daughter when not under Paxil 's control.
I had the Paragard for 6 years and it was great. I was having panic attacks and somebody told me it was a reaction to the copper, so I had the Paraguard removed. Most Stupid decision I ever made was getting it removed. I went back to my midwife to get another Paraguard and they could not get it inserted correctly. I wish I would 've kept it in. The first tine it was inserted was easy and pain free. The second time around pretty painful. It depends on the person and how it feels.
(Female/moderate acne) I have suffered from acne since I was 12. This summer has been the worst for my face. I have acne all over my forehead and my cheeks. In the beginning of the summer I had small tiny bumps all over my forehead and my cheeks, that later became bigger. I 've used many, many products on my face that worked quite a bit to not working at all. Then in the beginning to July I started using Retin-A 0.025 cream. The first week showed great results on my forehead my forehead is now clear, but my cheeks became worse. This second week that I am currently in is what I guess is the purge, my cheeks are entirely red and covered in acne. I don 't want to go outside and my cheeks really hurt. Will keep updating, Not losing hope.
I 've been on Subutex for 3 years. I take it for back pain resulting from a ruptured disc, 4 back surgeries, and then being diagnosed with degenerative disc disease. I also take it to avoid taking a boatload of opiates, which is what I was doing before. But I think this medicine has many more side effects than those listed. I have difficulty urinating and my doctor agreed that it is a common complaint with Subutex and Suboxone. It dries my skin out, especially my hands. They look like sandpaper no matter what I do. The dermatologist has been stumped by this; nothing she suggests or prescribes helps and she agrees that it is probably the Sub. Also, BIG problems with sensitive gums and dentures.
I 've had anxiety for over 30 years, I 'm in my 50 's. I 've been on Effexor and a few other antidepressants, which helped some, but sexual side effects were weird. I reluctantly started Klonopin about 6 months ago but was afraid of the addictive properties of it.  So I started on a real low dose 0.125 mg, once a day. And some days I take the another 0.125 mg. totaling 0.25mg  per day. I 'll admit it helps a lot. It makes me feel like myself again. It doesn 't stop the scary thoughts and stupid fears that I have, but I don 't react as poorly to them. I 'm hoping I don 't have to increase my dosage, but figure I have a lot of room to go up if I do. Still wish I didn 't have to take them but this winter was rough and I needed some help until the sun shines again.
I have taken Topamax for bipolar twice. First for three years then now for a year. Do not know why I ever went off! This has been great for me after 25 years on lithium which was like living under 4 wet wool blankets. I also tried Depakote which only increased the weight gain and depression. At first, the side effects were a bit rough even at the initial very low dose of 25 mg. Very sleepy and tingly of hands and feet. BUT they pass, they really do. It may take a week of just being exhausted even when you increase your dose. The appetite depressant is wonderful. Also cuts down on general anxiety. Takes the real edge off the hypomania. I have not had any of the problems with finding words, etc. 
Started with a month on 40mg and am now increased to 80mg. Happy that it 's not making me too sleepy, actually waking around 5am, well before my alarm. Have lost some weight so happy with that. Still on the manic side so I asked for the increase and had my husband change my amazon password so I can 't continue a spending spree. Some muscle soreness, not sure if that 's the Latuda. And feeling like I over heat easily. Overall the side effects are tolerable and some of them welcomed. It 's the first mood stabilizer that I haven 't had horrible side effects with. I actually feel like it 's helping me function better.
Loved this medication when I first started taking it. I started taking to get through depression and my Father was dying of cancer. Thought it was the best medicine ever until I gained 50lbs within 5 months and the effect of the medication started to wear off. What was worse was the effects of getting off this medicine, vertigo for a month with migraine headache and what I call brain buzz for a month straight, that was tough perhaps worse than having depression. I wouldn 't have taken it had I read the reviews first.
I 've recently started taking Amitiza 24 mcg twice daily for chronic constipation. I wasn 't having any luck with OTC  remedies.  It took me 3 days to finally start have things move.  I did experience slight nausea after taking each dose.  Tolerable though. Hopefully as the next few days come and go things move along much better.
I have been on the pill since I was 16. Two years ago I was put on a new pill and I noticed I was super hormonal, angry, depressed, anxious, stressed, etc. It was horrible and took me a while of tracking my moods before I was convinced it was because of my birth control. I 've had the Nexplanon for a month and it has been wonderful. I know a month isn 't very long, but I noticed a difference in my attitude within the first week. I feel like I have energy again, I 'm able to focus, I 'm happy again, I 'm me. I can 't believe it took me almost 2 years to realize it was my birth control ruining my life. If you feel the way I did on the pill I highly recommend trying this out. It can 't hurt to try.
This seems to help the pre-seizure &quot;twitchiness&quot; my spouse experiences, and has the side benefit of helping him to sleep. Also when he gets really agitated before hand, it seems to adjust his mood and make him feel more comfortable. Dose is small, 5 mg as needed.
I have been on Reqip for about 6 years and have a severe case of RLS. My legs spasms have worn out many sheets. I would have to say I have a love/hate relationship with requip. I take 5mg tablet 1 hour before bed. Almost like clock work 22 to 25 mins later I feel miserable with a constant feeling of the need to puke but I don 't. I have always had insomnia which got worse on requip. I have been able to address the insomnia with trazadone and it works well. I have read others post and I think I am going to talk with my doctor about spreading it out in 3 different times to take it. In the past 6 months I have begun to have twitching in my arms, shoulders and wrists.
I am bi-polar and have been on Lamictal for 5 years but I was still having issues with depression so my doctor suggested Wellbutrin SR. The first 3 weeks I was on it I wasn 't impressed and thought about discontinuing it. I was spacey and had horrible headaches. But I 'm so glad I gave it a chance. Started to feel less depressed after a month of taking it and I 'm in my 4th month and I still have my moments but overall my outlook on life is much more positive. I also hoped it would help me quit smoking and lose weight. Only the later happened but still quitting smoking is pretty awesome. I 've tried so many things to quit and nothing helped until this. I 'm still not at 100% but still a big improvement. I totally recommend this.
Skyla is my first type of birth control. I originally wanted paraguard because of the lack of hormones but decided on skyla for the fact that it might  make my periods lighter.My insertion was super easy! It didn 't really hurt at all, just very uncomfortable. Afterwards, I had some cramps, but nothing major, and I easily got rid of them with some rest and ibuprofen.The first month I had almost constant brown discharge (old blood), then I had a very light 6 day period. My next two periods were also very light, and 5-6 days! I 'm in my third month with skyla and have had some more bleeding than I had before, but I 'm hoping I 'll adjust fully to it soon!
You need a prescription for that kind of medication. so go to your doctor and talk to him about it and he can fill you out a prescription to pick up at the nearest pharmacy.Good Luck.
I have severe dry eye.  I was using punctal plugs and Restasis and getting about 75% relief.  My insurance quit paying for both and said they would pay for one or the other.  I have been suffering for over a year now with just punctal plugs until my eye doctor suggested Xiidra.  Believe it or not, the insurance authorized it (even though the cost is the same as Restasis...go figure).  I have been on it for about three weeks now and am getting pretty good relief.  The only thing I don 't like is the bad taste I get in the back of my throat from it.  I keep hoping this will go away, but it hasn 't yet.  I would say that it works better than Restasis and much faster, too!  I would recommend that anyone with dry eye give Xiidra a try.
Side effect that is not listed. *Difficulty climaxing when engage in sexual intercourse.
I have been on Seasonique for over a year now and it has not given me any serious problems. No acne, no weight gain, no abnormal bleeding. However, I have experienced weird cravings, and if you are forgetful, expect to start breakthrough bleeding for awhile. My periods always last 3 to 4 days with no excessive bleeding, but the past 2 periods I have had cramps for the first time I have been on it, not severe and they go away fast, but they are still there. One more complication is that I have a very decreased sex drive, but that 's not a very big deal for me but may be for other women. Overall, I have good experiences with Seasonique and no severe problems.
Was given this medicine for strep throat, prescribed 875mg twice daily;  I was in so much pain I seriously felt like crying every time I had to swallow or tried eating or drinking anything! My tonsils were huge, very inflamed &amp; red with white blister like spots. I went to Walgreens little clinic Sunday morning &amp; started this medicine that afternoon by the morning of day 3 my throat felt 10x better! Amazing by the end of day 3; needless to say the medicine was definitely doing its job great, UNTIL it hit me that Friday, the nightmare started of bubble guts, diarrhea &amp; the most awful foul smelling gas ever! Severe diarrhea 13hours and counting.
I am a male with overactive bladder. Initially treated for prostrate problem, as usual for men, but I have no prostrate difficulty. Asked Dr. for Vesicare, afrter reviewing symptoms on internet sources. Vesicare is targeted at women by the drug co. Astellas, but I had the same symtoms. Started with the 5mg dose, and my symtoms significantly improved within first few days. Severe bathroom urges every hour or two. Woke up to pee several times at night, sometimes every 2 hours; miss a bathroom, and pee in pants. A week later after starting Vesicare, get up once a night, or not at all, and bathroom visits are once in 3-5 hours. Wow, got my life back. Only nasty side effect is constipation, cured by taking pill less frequently than daily.
Hi, I was tried to be put on Ritalin when I was 5 and it simply wasn&rsquo;t gonna happen w my parents.  So I continued school and still had c and d grades.  I went to a Dr, did all these tests and said I have ADD/ADHD\ w anxiety disorder.  Which was from all the MDMA abuse.  So I am on 30 mg IR adderall (the ones with the 30 on em) only ones that don&rsquo;t make my mouth dry and 2mg xanax 4 times a day.  Let me say I wake up everyday excited to go to work.  I used to be a hardcore tablet junkie and now since I take these two I don&rsquo;t drink and I don&rsquo;t do illegal drugs.  These two rx&rsquo;s We&rsquo;re a match made in heaven.  I take 2 green bars and 1 adderall in the morning and I&rsquo;m flying at work in the IT/ software field.  These two have saved my life. Best combo
I have endometriosis and was put on Camrese so I could have less periods and hopefully lessen the severity of cramps and pain.  The 1st 6 months were rough, with spotting almost every other week and a 2 week long period Weeks 8-9 but once I started the 3rd pack, symptoms resided and improved.  However, in January, insurance decided to switch me from Camrese to Amethia.  I have since gained 20 pounds and am very moody.  My acne has stayed fairly clear though and cramps and pain are still managed better than they were with one-month BC pills.
Ocella has worked so far for me. I have been on a couple before Ocella and this has worked the best. I hope it keeps working for me-- knock on wood.
I am 27 and I have been on Nexplanon since February, so almost 4 months. The first three weeks was really annoying. I had ongoing light bleeding the whole three weeks, but then it just stopped. I have had no spotting and no period since and no side effects that I can say are definitely from nexplanon. I have had some unusual acne, but nothing crazy just an extra pimple here or there - it 's probably more odd because I can 't tie it to a cycle since I have no period. I have had a couple of headaches, but nothing that wasn 't cured from excedrin migraine. All in all - it 's effective (not pregnant) and I have no period (awesome!)
I was taking 10 mgs of oxycodone worked great till pharmacy changed manufacturers and the new one knocked me out lost my memory couldn 't function .
I 've been on Lo Loestrin for a little over a month now. I 've experienced slight weight gain (no more than 5 lbs, all of which seemed to end up around my mid-section of course!). No increase in breast size, which I was greatly hoping for. I was previously on Ortho Tri-Cyclen for a month and that was bad. The lower dose of hormones in this pill seems to really be working for me. However, I didn 't even get so much as a slight period last week when I was supposed to have one. I 'm one of those women who want a period EVERY month, just to be sure so I 'm a bit unhappy with the lack of a period on this birth control. I occasionally experience nausea, fatigue and irritability but nothing that interferes terribly with my life.
Ive been drug sick since last Wednesday.  The hospital did nothing for me and scoffed at me.  The ER.doctor.was.such a jerk.i turned.down his offer of a.few Lorton.  I quit this cold turkey through a fault of my own.  I forgot to get an appointment and the pain management clinic doesnt even care.  I spent an hour trying to do their piss test and the desk is 1 foot from the door.  Nice attendants at the desk and a witch of an office manager.  But there is one worse withdrawal cymbalta which I quit cold turkey and the only thing that saved me was dosesof Gaba suppliment.
This has been the better of the 10 others we have been on with our young son. I will say that he has recently developed leg and lower back pain along with more frequent migraines and hair loss and a horrible rash on arms in legs. Also, some weight and memory loss along with some crying fits. But like I said, sadly this was the least side effects of all the ones we have been on. Topamax was the worst, it trashed his insides and turned my sweet child into a crying, crazy, cursing lunatic! Would love to know if anyone has had luck with less side effects on any other anti-epileptic meds. He goes several weeks so far without any seizures on Vimpat so far.
Just started Pristiq yesterday. I 'm taking it to replace Cymbalta which I gained 10-15 lbs on in two months. 60 mg of Cymbalta was awesome for my anxiety but the weight gain was antagonizing my depression. I also take 200 mg of Wellbutrin SR and have taken that for a long time. I 've been a little jittery since starting the Pristiq and spent some time in the bathroom last night. I 'm coming off Cymbalta slowly over the next week so right now it 's hard to judge how the Pristiq will work. I take Xanax as needed and took some today as I was feeling tense. I attribute this to the adjustments I 'm making. Glad I picked Labor day weekend to make the switch. I 'll keep you posted on how it goes.
I am on my six week pack of Chantix. I felt great the first month. It really did help me quit smoking. I still have thoughts of smoking usually at the end of stressful workday. I have noticed that the last 2 weeks my mood has changed. I can feel myself slipping into a state of depression. I am trying so hard not to focus on this but it is really hard. I don 't have a strong support system and I don 't have many friends close friends that I can talk to so this scares me. I don 't want to smoke any more but I think that after I finish this package of Chantix I am not going to get the third month.
Best inhalant I 've taken, all was fine until my teeth started to fall apart, and in a short time 4 molars are gone and I need implants and another medicine I guess, I want the teeth I still have to stay, if they will. If they go too I will return to Anoro Ellipta, what do I have to lose then?
I have been taking Kadian for a least 4 years (various strengths) now taking 100mg 3 x daily.  Also take Hydrocodone and Baclofen.  Chronic low back pain. It controls my pain.  Wish they could do spinal transplants.
I started this pill about a little over a year ago. This pill has done what I needed it to do: reduced my pain and regulated my period. I cannot say this pill is for everyone, we all have different compositions, but I will say it worked for me and share the experiences I had with this medication. Note: this is an ideal pill if you cannot do too high dosage or too low of a dosage for your birth controlI did not lose any of my libido within the period of transition from my previous pill, and on, and I did not gain any noticeable weight on this medication. I will say that I had a couple painful periods after finally having sex, but I think that was more due to my body adjusting than anything else. I did get some acne, but it was mild.
I 've taken 40 mg of paxil for anxiety and depression for 14 years and it was life changing. Slowly it hasn 't been as effectIve and recently I felt as though I hadn 't been taking anything at all. Now I 'm back to where I was before paxil and feeling like an emotional mess. My Dr just increased my paxil to 50 mg and then if that doesn 't work, she may have me try something else. I 'm wondering if anyone else has experienced this?
I didn 't experience any major problems, except some mild stomach cramping initially and continued heavy bleeding for the first two injections. By my 3rd shot, just mild spotting and occasional cramping. I jut finished my 4th round, still no hot flashes, etc. I 'm actually looking forward for my upcoming surgery soon.
I 've been on Belviq for about 12 days. The side effects the first week were a little rough, severe dry mouth, body aches, dizziness, fatigue. and I actually gained 3lbs! But, if you can get through that, the 2nd week has improved. The side effects have mostly disappeared with the exception of the dry mouth. I have lost the inital 3lb gain and am down 3 more! I 'm never hungry and have to remind myself to eat. When I do eat, I 'm fuller faster! My insurance didn 't cover, so I downloaded the 15 day free sample and the savings card from the website and so my cost will be $75 a month. I 'm planning on staying on this pill &amp; will keep you updated on the progress. I 'm pretty excited now that I 'm seeing the weight loss!
Lantus is my first treatment with insulin.  I am presently at 22 units once a day and my numbers are much lower than before when just on metformin and glimepiride.  I do not have to use glimeperide now.  I do not have the terrible lows as before and my highs are a lot less.  I feel better, in general but I have gained some weight.
Daily drinking for 20 years, been prescribed Campral 2 weeks ago. Don 't know how this works but it does, no cravings. Did buy a bottle of wine after being on for a week but there was simply no pleasurable feeling, might as well be drinking water. Long way to go but maybe I might have just found something to help get my kids back.
I 've only been on Contrave for four days, but I am already seeing results.  I was only a little dizzy for an hour or so after the first dose - haven 't felt any dizziness since then.  No trouble sleeping, no constipation, no nausea, but I can tell that my mood is calmer and a bit more upbeat, and I simply don 't have the urge to eat till I 'm full.  I am moderately hungry at meal time, but am easily satisfied with smaller portions.  I just don 't have any trouble saying NO to even the most tempting food.  Oh, and I 've already lost six pounds.
My doctor put me on Oxycontin. About 4 months ago we started at 10mg twice a day with 4 x 5/325 Percocets. We are at 30 mg twice a day and 4 x 10/325 Percocets a day now. I have fibromyalgia, IBS, Myfasical pain, herniated disc in neck. This dosage has given me a lot of relief but I would love to be able to go to to dinner or something with my husband so I think a little more work is needed. I do have one problem it makes me itch like crazy. 
I take 40mg once a day, and it helps me cope with going out and having to deal with people. Before I would freak out and couldn 't go places or be in crowded areas. It takes the edge off and I don 't feel like I 'm going to die. I also take Wellbutrin SR 200mg a day, and now I 'm just happy and feel like myself.
I took phenergan first after a bout of nausea and severe vomiting. However, I kept vomiting but the zofran stopped it...
Stopped periods 10 years ago. Then suffered  hot flashes, severe, in first five years after.   In last five years hot flashes really diminished but triggered by anxiety, certain foods, and occasional night sweats. But could be counted on to have at least one episode of night sweats per evening (down from as many as 7 to 10 a day - and leaving me drenched, my clothes soaked!).  My GYN recommended Brisdelle two months ago.  Am hypersensitive to all meds so was skeptical, in addition to being an RN.  Don 't like to take drugs of any kind.  However, I was desperate.  The Brisdelle worked immediately and I haven 't had one episode of hot flashes since.  Just dry mouth now.  Very bad dry mouth!
I have had my Implanon for 2 1/2 months now and I 've had minimal side effects. I get slight acne on my forehead and my breasts grew a little. No weight gain, mood changes, or cramping during my period. However, my period itself is a bit of a problem. Since insertion, I 've been having my period every other week and it lasts about 6 or 7 days. I can hardly tell I 'm having them, but it interferes with my sex life (boyfriend is not a fan) and I go through a lot of tampons. I 've also noticed that I spot or fully start my period after sex sometimes. However, I haven 't had the Implanon for very long, so I 'm going to give it more time for the hormones to balance out.
Bye bye insomnia. The good outweighs the bad for me at least. After having anxiety attacks after going so long without sleep, I am finally at peace. I am sleeping not much long after taking 7.5 mgs of Mirtazapin. The lucid dreams are a plus. I have woke up crying from nightmares (family member just passed) I am back to sleep within 10-20 minutes. These cravings suck I 'm going to try to fight [some] urges. I came up with-drinking sixteen ounces of water before each time I stuff my face, and staying in motion. 3 pounds gained this month.The worst part in my opinion is getting up to start my day. I feel exhausted, craving more sleep. I push through that  even if that means starting my day off slowly. I 'M SLEEPING AGAIN!
I have just finished sertraline after being on it for three years. My doses ranged between 100-200mg throughout this time. I think I developed some sort of tolerance to it because I stopped as they were not working as effectively as they had been.Overall though... side effects at beginning were terrible for sertraline and lasted 12 weeks for me but I stuck it out. The increased anxiety during this period was the hardest, along with clammy/sweaty hands.Sertraline gave me palpitations the whole time I took them thoughBenzo use dropped after the 3 month mark, this is typically when I know an antidepressant is starting to do its work. As I said, steadily increased dose and it worked fine for few years then therapeutic effects began to wear off.
I have been taking Arthrotec for 25 years and gradually have had to increase to get the same relief. I was taking 75 mg two times a day. My concern at this time is that my Kidneys have been slowly deteriorating over time and I did not even notice it until my doctor called me yesterday after some blood work and asked me to stop taking it. I am having blood work again Monday and I already know that my Kidneys are working better. It is a tough call because the pain is coming back full force. I also have Fibromyalgia and type 2 diabetes and other issues. I wish there was a way to find relief from pain without medicines and if you had asked me a week ago I would have told you that I would be hooked on Arthrotec and could not imagine life without it.
I 've been on Yaz for just about a month. I 've noticed some improvement in my acne. I started Yaz just for birth control and because I had having a lot of anxiety and my doctor thought it may help along with my anxiety meds. I haven 't noticed a difference with taking Yaz yet, but it 's only been a month and I don 't exactly have PMDD. So I will keep taking and see what happens over the next few months. The very first pill I took gave me nausea but that was it.
I love my Mirena. I was awful at taking a pill everyday. When my doctor and I started going through my options I tried the Nuvaring first. I was disappointed by it and wanted to try something different. Got Mirena in September of last year. The placement was not the greatest. A little crampy but nothing unexpected.  PLEASE NOTE: I HAVE NEVER HAD A CHILD OR BEEN PREGNANT BEFORE. Doctors say that it is more painful for girls in my case. It really wasn 't half bad. I did have spotting for about 5 months. Nothing out of the ordinary. But now I have had no period in more than 4 months. Needless to say, in the beginning I was skeptical but I LOVE this birth control, and so does my boyfriend.
Been on it for apprx 20 yrs for Gad which results in episodes of depression. Works better than first 2 drugs incl Paxil. If your anxiety is really bad like mine - you just live with side effects. Tried to go off few yrs ago - ok for few months then panic anxiety attacks - so back on med. Mostly on 10mg but range 5-20. Generic version avail in Canada - very affordable.
I 'm on day 10 and the 1 mg pills do upset my stomach, some days worse than others. I sleep okay but am up beat after I take the pills. I 've been coming home to take a nap, which I never did before. I 'm down from a pack a day to 6. I had a cigarette 13 hours after my last one today. Broke out in a sweat. Didn 't enjoy the smoke. Here 's hoping I can beat this sooner rather than later. Mornings are my downfall but I 'm taking this one day at a time.
A very effective drug. State of mind important. Stress diminishes effect.
All I have to say is Wow! this is like taking Red Bull as an anti-depressant. So far so good, I just hope this feeling lasts and side effects do not kick in.
Well it started off with me taking some kinda meds and now I got an YI I have been in pain for like 4-6 days before. I just thought it was from having sex but then I asked my mom n she recommended the 1 day preloaded syringe thing so i got that I injected it last night bout 9pm and so for its still painful n swollen but its not burning or itching too bad so its now 9 am and I 'm hoping it works and clears up.in the next couple of days ill repost anything else but so far so good it was super easy to inject I 'd suggest a panty lined or thin pad just for leakage crew is very thick n oily.
I took my first phentermine this morning, a 37.5mg tablet. I got the dry mouth later in the day, but still felt some hunger pangs. I probably haven 't eaten as much as I should have today either. I 've noticed a little more energy, but still took a short nap at 4:30 PM. That 's probably because I felt motivated today and walked 1 mile, then later on rode my bike for 11 miles, which really wore me out.My weight yesterday was 316lbs an all time high. I 'm looking forward to becoming much lighter. I should be around 175 pounds. I have a long way to go.
I started taking Contrave on March 27th and gradually stepped up my doses to the maintenance dose (2 pills 2x/day). Right now, as of 6 weeks on the medicine I 've gone from 200 to 186 and am very pleased with the results. It doesn 't diminish the joy of food when I&quot;m hungry, but I 'm just not thinking of food all the time, which is a huge help. Also, I 've 100% cut out any snacking between meals.
I have not been taking Zoloft for very long but for the little time I have been on it, it has truly made a difference in how I handle stressful situations.  I am calmer about situations that I generally get angry about and the headaches I use to have have decreased dramatically.
I took phentermine and counted carbs, exercised, lost about 30 lbs, but after 5 or six months, no changes. Dr said stop. My weight had been creeping back up About a year later (or more) &amp; I decided to try finishing the bottle, it was expiring. 37.5 mg, x 38 days, lost another 4-5 lbs. It has taken me  4 weeks to get reapproved from insurance. Had anyone else had success after stopping when it no longer works then starting again?
I sweated having to do this due to my husband 's procedure 2 years ago and for what I had heard. All in all not bad. The Suprep was pretty bad tasting. Sickenly sweet but not as bad as I had anticipated. The stuff my husband used just 2 years ago was much worse tasting and much more volume. I do admit that I didn 't dilute the stuff to a full 16oz. I just chugged it down with a water chaser (to equal 16oz total) and then drank the required 2-16 oz bottles of water almost immediately. The first dose took about an hour and 15 minutes to work. There was a definite feeling to go but I had pleanty of time to make it to the toilet. About 30 minutes later the majority of it was done and I felt comfortable leaving the bathroom.
I have had Mirena for a little over a year now, got it about 8 weeks after my daughter was born. Since I was already prone to Ovarian Cysts and it 's a possible side effect, they are worse now. I used to have a very high libido and now I could care less. Honestly I can 't even get in the mood.  I have no interest what-so-ever in sex. It seems as though I am still as moody as I was when I was pregnant. Lately I have been getting sick frequently not sure if there is any relation. BUT besides that I LOVE my Mirena, can they just make a low estrogen one? That would be GREAT!
I took Jardiance for over 2 years. I lost weight on it without dieting. I had a yeast infection for 2 months. I told my physician I needed a break from it. I went back to Glimeperide and immediately started to gain weight. My yeast infection cleared within days of stopping Jardiance. In the mean time, I found out some much needed advice on the internet how to avoid all the infections while taking Jardiance. If you use a baby wipe to clean yourself after you urinate, the glucose will not be around to cause the UTI 's and yeast infections. I went back to Jardiance. So far, I have not had reoccurring infections.
I am a 32 year old. I have been on Vyvanse for about 2 weeks now and I love it. I have never been diagnosed with ADD and about 2 months ago I was given Straterra first. I hated that. My Doctor switched me to 30mg Vyvanse and the first day I noticed a difference. It lasted me about 10-12 hrs. My appetite went down a little but nothing to bad. Other than that there are no other side effects for me. I would definitely recommend Vyvanse.
I have only been on keepra for about a month but I 'm noticing mood swings, shakiness and medicines make me sleep a lot. I haven 't had another seizure thank god but the mood swings are awful. I hope after I have my brain tumor removed things get better.
This is a cleaner way of taking trileptal, it really does make both medication management and the side effects easier to manage. On generic trilepetal I needed to medicate twice daily &amp; the morning dose really put me in a fog, not to mention how intense the headaches could get about 30 minutes after my 3x evening dose. Now the headaches still come but are far less intense &amp; the onset is hours later. Also, the lethargy factor is greatly reduced, I take 900 mg.@ 6 PM &amp; I 'm ready for bed at 10:30, not focused on getting to my pillow all night like I was previously.  This medication does interfere with my ability to urinate within 2 hours of taking it. As for the positives, I 'm a rapid-cycler &amp; days are most certainly more stable. Give it time
I was on Nuvaring for about a year. I stopped using it about 2-3 months ago after losing my insurance coverage. For the past couple weeks I have been losing SO MUCH HAIR! I don 't know how I have any hair left! I have never lost this much hair and I have had 2 children who are now 4 and 5. It has to be due to coming off the NuvaRing, there is no other explanation for this.  I &quot;brush&quot; my hair with my fingers in the shower while conditioning, and now I end up with a hand FULL of hair when before I would have a tenth that much, if that.I loved the NuvaRing while on it but this is horrible! Otherwise the only side effect I experienced was spotting the first month I was on it.
I was diagnosed with Trigeminal Neuralgia if Feb. 2005.  The pain associated with this is excruciating, to say the least.  I have never had such pain in all my life.  Just two nights ago I was in the ER with another episode. The doctor prescribed me Neurontin. I slept so good last night! The first good night 's sleep I have had since I can remember.  My episodes happen unexpectedly and it could happen at the drop of a hat.  Then I might go a year before another &quot;attack&quot;. I just never know when this will occur.  But I do know one thing, I would not wish this on my worst enemy.  I am praying that the Neurontin will help subside the &quot;attacks&quot; and the horrible pain associated with Trigeminal Neuralgia.
After months of cbt with my psychologist for severe anxiety and panic disorder i decided to seek help from a psychiatrist. I was perscribed 5mg then 10mg of lexapro to start and it gradually incresed to 20mg. In the first few days i had never felt worse. More frequant and severe panic attacks and my general anxiety went through the roof and i had the most extreme feeling of hopelessness. I was a mess and calling my drs telling them i needed to stop taking it. They reassured me these side affects would go away within weeks, and they did. I continued with the cbt, mindfullness, lifestyle changes and stayed on the lexapro and within months i felt i was back to my normal self. Post like these kept me going. Hang in there, you 're not alone!
I took chantix for 2 months, was very sick and very sleepy on it, but it worked. I have been smoke free for 13 weeks now, although I do still have strong cravings a few times a day. My biggest concern is that since going off of the chantix, I became very depressed, and started getting suicidal thoughts alot. Now I am on anti-depressants and anti-anxiety meds, which I had never needed before. My doctor thinks maybe I was borderline depressesd and that the chantix  pushed it over the edge.
Using this med as a last resort.  With all the other blood thinners I had the reaction of extrame muscle and joint pain.  The med doesn 't do that, but it does make me quite fatigued. I am now using Mondofinial to relieve the fatigue and it works fairly well.  Overall my life is fairly balanced, but wish there wasn 't;t quite so much fatigue
I love this birth control! I 've been on it for about 2 months. The first month was rough. I was very gassy, moody, my boobs were so tender (still kinda are) and I spotted for a week then a heavy painful period for another week. However it was so worth how great it 's been since getting past that first month! My face is clearer, my hormones are in check, my boobs are bigger but I haven 't gained weight anywhere else, and I 'm not pregnant! (And I don 't use condoms) would definitely suggest it
Otezla worked for me. (Please read entire review). A little bit of a stomach ache for about a week for about an hour after each of the twice daily doses.I was given the drug for several months due to my financial state.  First the free Otezla stopped at 3 months, My psoriasis came back, a little worse than before.  Talked with dermatologist and they got it reinstated, and my skin again slowly cleared.  But again, like before the gratis product ended at 3 months.  My skin is now worse than ever.  I guess I am looking for an answer.  Does taking this product with success and then stopping trigger a worse condition than when it was started. I really appreciate the company giving the product as paying $1233.00 p/mo as it was  is impossible for me to afford it
I have been receiving the Depo shot since July 2013. This has been my first and only birth control I 've taken and a huge benefit is that I am not worrying about taking a pill. However, for the past 6 months I have experienced spotting. It is not enough blood to need to wear a tampon, however it is very dark blood which stains underwear. This has been extremely frustrating to me and I am now trying to decide what will be my next best option of birth control will be.
Started on Victoza 10/10/10 on 0.6 for one week then 1.2 for the second week and finally onto 1.8 the third week also whilst taking Victoza was taking metformin 2x500g twice daily, pioglitzones (Actos) 60g twice daily, gliclizide 160g twice daily. Have found that L have had some weight loss but not that much maybe 12/15lbs but can not afford to lose the weight as I am now down to 11 stone or there abouts. Side effects: not sure if this is just because of the Victoza or because of all the medicine I am taking together: sickness, vomiting, headaches lots and lots of gas. Burps really stink of EGGS find that this happens mostly at night time waking me up and then eases off during the day. Blood sugar not too bad but not great.
Me and my boyfriend had sex for the first time. We used the withdrawal method which is a very stupid thing to do. He was positive he didn 't cum in me but I was still scared. I took plan B 16 hours later after the incident. I experienced tender breasts for about two days and light cramps also. Then I spotted for 2 days EXTREMELY light, I for sure thought it was implantation bleeding. We stressed for a week straight. We 're way too young to have a child. I started to experience pregnancy symptoms like breast tenderness again and frequent urination. I was so scared. Then in exactly one week of taking the pill the cramps came. The second day was worse and the period came! Very heavy and clots. DON 'T STRESS YOURSELF. The pill works!
I was diagnosed with bipolar depression about a year ago. I have been on topamax for that as well as migraine headaches for 8 to 9ish months now.  The migraines went away, and I have lost about 40 pounds since taking Topamax! The only downfall is hair loss. I highly warn anybody taking this drug not to miss a dose or try weaning yourself off, because I have done both and ended up with very bad mood swings and will be crying on the floor one minute, then raging and angry, then it will be as if nothing happened.
I have rheumatoid arthritis and use Voltaren topically on my joints. This helps.
I 'm an adult who has taken this off and on for 4 years.  I 've always had trouble concentrating and Focalin is an effective fix.  I do think there are minor side-effects though.  It makes me feel much more focused and less worried/panicked about what I need to do.  Unlike other though I would not say it calms me down I feel like it actually stresses me out more.  When I take this I 'm more serious and easily annoyed and I can 't relax.  I have also found that my appetite drops off and that I don 't sleep very deeply.Overall a great medicine but for me and many ADHD people our symptoms are brought out due to simply a lack of strenuous physical exercise (1hr) every day.  When on a regular exercise and sleep schedule I do not need it.
I 've been on Contrave for 6 months.   I 've lost 23 lbs.    I 'm very happy with the drug.     It works.     It 100% controls my cravings for drinking alcohol and making poor food choices.    Once the weight came off a bit I felt better about exercise and that helped shed some more weight.      I weigh myself everyday and the weight loss now is slow.  15lbs came off fast in the beginning.  The rest is a little under 1lbs a weeks.  Which is excruciating on a daily basis.  However, seeing the numbers go down is a win and the numbers are moving in the right direction.    My experience has been that this drug works and works well.    I take 4 pills a day and I hope to continue for a long time.    My goal is to loose another 20 lbs.
I started taking Montelukast for my allergies. I immediately started having excessive yawning and trouble taking deep breaths. I plan to stop taking it and see if the problems cease.
I have only had Skyla for about 5 days now, but this is my review so far. Insertion was painful to me - lots of intense pressure and cramping. The good news is that the whole process only takes about five minutes. I 've been pretty crampy and have had minimal spotting (both are normal). The only time it 's been nearly unbearable was the first day. I had the worst cramps of my life (no exaggeration and I always have crampy periods) for several hours after insertion and no amount of Ibuprofen or heat helped me. It has been tolerable since, just a bit tender and uncomfortable. If you 're going to get the Skyla, understand that it 's going to take time for your body to adjust and it 's no walk in the park at first but it does slowly get better.
I do take Cozaar 25mg four times a day. Taking it once a day did not work for me but my doctor agreed to my suggestion to quarter the 100mg size and my blood pressure has come down well. I do also take Clonidine with it. This combination has brought my blood pressure down to 128/76. I must say I am lucky in that my doctor was prepared to go along with my suggestion of using these amounts rather than larger doses. Yes, one pill a day would be great, but these suit me better.
Diagnosed bipolar 2 although my hypomania would get quite extreme and I think I was headed for mania with the last bout. Took away suicidal thoughts almost entirely. Puts you in a kind of haze, but a very functional haze, not a  'zombie ' feeling; It 's good for paranoia too. And the best thing is you still have highs and lows they are just less intense! YAY not over medicated. So far have noticed thinning hair and minor scalp pain but when it comes to mood I am STABLE. Taking with Seroquel also but only 100mg as I 'm weaning off the seroquel. Maybe the seroquel in addition is causing the side effects, unsure. I do feel that lithium is effecting my skin and hair though. Lowers sex drive but doesn 't get rid of it entirely.
Just got the procedure done about 30 minutes ago. The most painful part was getting my cervix dilated and I have cramps on and off. I felt very light headed after the procedure was done and the doc said I was very flush. I 'm 16 and have never been pregnant so my cervix had never been dilated, I think that 's what sent me into a bit of a shock. So far so good though. I 'd recommend getting it done if you can tolerate a moderate amount of pain for a while.
I have been taking this birth control for almost 1 month and starting my next month tomorrow. Not very many side effects except from tiredness and a few headaches here and there. The headaches are coming more frequent now but I am not sure as to if the birth control is causing this. But Chateal has worked great for me.
I 've been coughing so much which brings me to puke daily now on this it 's great doctor prescribed this as I am a smoker and I had a slight upper respiratory infection
Zyprexa is the only antipsychotic that doesn&rsquo;t make me feel like a zombie! I kept my personality and my energy. It almost feels like I don&rsquo;t take an antipsychotic. I take 7.5 mg, because my psychiatrist told me that when you take less then 10 mg daily, the risk of metabolic syndrome is low. It&rsquo;s very good for treating mania and it augments the effect of my antidepressant. The only downside is that it&rsquo;s a little bit difficult to wake up.
Okay, so first of all if you decide to take this medication. Make sure to set a routine time each day to take it it works best that way. Also it takes awhile to fully kick in, for me about after 4 complete months of not missing a 50mg dose I started to feel the good effects from it. Seriously! you have to continually take it on a scheduled time to feel the good effects from the meds. After dealing with stress and anxiety after a few bad years I finally decided I needed some type of medication.After trying everything else medication was my last resort but man I wish I strarted it sooner! I 'm about 6 months in on a 50mg dose and I 'm starting to feel alive again. Enjoying things I used to take joy in but lost it when my depression hit.
My son took this for a couple of years.  At first it was very effective, and I was excited to have a non-stimulant medication to treat his ADHD.  It did make him sleepy, and that was problematic, and then its effectiveness wore off.  
helped with my cough. I had it for 3 days and had diarrhea all the way.......horrible
2005 started taking tramadol 50mg, and the within a few months started on 100mg time release. These past few months I feel the medication hasn 't helped like in the beginning. Sciatica pain 24/7, Thursday had another round of epidural, and doctor wants me off tramadol. Well tonight I 've had such bad anxiety I can 't sleep.  I thought he would ween me off this medicine, like all other medicine in this category! Will call the doctors office Monday, this is ridiculous to be miserable at night, due to the doctors advise.  I 'm tempted to just take a pill just to get some sleep, I have a little tingly on the right leg, but not in any pain.  Hope this epidural works this time.  Back in 2006 it did not help. 
I had been having severe, migratory joint and muscle pain, along with horrific idiopathic itching. We tried everything (anti-histamines, steroids, etc) with no effect, finally trying gabapentin. It was like a miracle: the joint pain and terrible itching went away. However, I developed secondary pain--a deep, horrible ache in both thighs. It took me two months to even figure out that the pain in my legs was caused by the gabapentin (first of all, I suffer from RA, so pain is common; second, gabapentin is supposed to help with pain, not cause it, so this was confusing).  I went off the gabapentin (note: always consult a physician and taper down!), and sure enough, the debillitating thigh pain that I 'd been suffering so long went away.
Have been on it for over a year, works ok at this point, still having some fatigue and still have pain and swelling in feet and hands. Also take plaquinil so this maybe helping also. Would love to feel as good as the people on benlysta :)
The tablets eased migraine in about 20mins. I feel a bit spaced out but compared to the migraine its nothing.
I 've been taking Vyvanse for a couple of months and I 've have learned that the first couple of weeks taking the medication is really the hardest when it comes to side effects. I suffered from dry mouth, loss of appetite, head aches, some but very few mood swings. As far as sleep, I crash at the end of the day which can be due to this medication. I am irritable every now and then, but before I was very frustrated with everyday activities. It gives me energy for the most part. I 'm not shaky or nervous like I was on Adderall XR. I haven 't lost a ton of weight on Vyvanse unlike Adderall which I lost 60 pounds on within 4 months. 
I gave the Implanon an 8 only because of the initial breakthrough bleeding.  I mean it does exactly what it is intended to do, prevent pregnancy.  For the first three months I bled nonstop but about three weeks ago it suddenly stopped. I had the Implanon implant inserted four weeks after having my baby and I have had no problems with weight or mood swings.  As a matter of fact when I found out I was pregnant I weighed about 122lbs and now I 'm down to 116lbs and my daughter is 4 months old.  I love not having to think about the pill or worry about having another baby sooner than I want.  I 'd advise anyone who gets the Implanon implant to wait at least 6 months before removing it.  Give your body time to adjust to the hormones.
One of the best acne medications I 've ever used! Super pricey but well worth. Works for any part of your body. Definitely recommended it
I have been on this medication now for 4 months, got on it before my first period after childbirth, about 2-3 weeks later I got a period, lasted a little longer than normal but light. Haven 't had a period since. Hopefully it stays  this way. Only thing I have trouble with is all the weight gain, Its just stacking on me.
I recently switched from birth control pills to the patch. I wanted to be on something that I didn 't have to remember to take every day and because I have PCOS the patch was my next best option. I was a little weary of it because I looked up reviews and saw that many women got ill within the first couple of days of being on it. Luckily I haven 't had that experience. I think that the main reason is because I went from a pill with very similar to the patch. I didn 't give the patch a 10 rating because it can get a little itchy (it feels like you 're wearing a bandaid) and sometimes it makes me nervous that it 's going to fall off. Overall no side effects so far and I 'm so glad that I 'm not having to remember to take the pill every day.
I had been sweating from my armpits excessively for 4-5 years starting when I was about 12. I was always wearing baggy dark clothing and avoiding constant movement so people would see my sweat. I am now 18 and my dermatologist recently prescribed this to me. I can honestly say that it has changed my life. Even in 90 degree weather there is no sweat from my underarms. The only down side is the itching/burning, however, if I use it at night it is usually gone by noon the next day. I have learned to use this only 2-3 times a week and especially not after shaving. This product is worth it.
I am satisfied with this medicine except I have been very constipated since being on it.
Probably saved my life. This is the first antidepressant I tried as I was scared of some of the nasty side effects of the SSRIs (sexual, weight gain, tiredness). I was on Wellbutrin XL 150 mg for 1-2 months and then have been on 300mg XL for  3 months now. Getting on it was a little strange, as I had some side effects of anxiety at first, but actually have not had a panic attack since starting. Just know that it doesn 't really help with anxiety/ocd symptoms (but I 've been going to therapy for that). Really made me motivated to get work done (never been the case for me) without that craziness feeling from Adderall. Very consistently good mood and makes me want to be alive. Also increased sex drive + motivation for exercise is a plus.
I started taking a morning dose for 24 hours last Friday, 2/5/2016. Pain free immediately, but had very itchy areas. Had to stop taking due to intensity of itchy rash Monday morning 2/8/2016, but by 2pm, wish I had taken one this morning again!! ALMOST WORTH IT!
Hi guys, question actually. I have been on it for about a month and I have experienced quite a lot of bleeding. Which isn 't so worrisome. Except for the fact that controlling my appetite has been an issue, I don 't have any crazy complaints. The reason I had the implant inserted to begin with was because I had a miscarriage, and it was horrible and I never wanted to go through anything like that again. But, since I 've had it placed, I have felt so incredibly tired, similar to when I was pregnant. Is this a possible side effect?
I 've been on LoLo since July (8 months) and I only have positive things to say about this pill. I began this rx because I wanted something super low dosage and to help mediate the horrendous pain associated with my periods. Well, I haven 't had a period since August, which is so wonderful for me! No weight gain, no break outs, but I have noticed lately that each month, about a week before my inactive pills, I 'll experience some major breast tenderness and soreness. Am I alone in feeling that?
Following a knee replacement over two years ago I developed SVT...a runner for 35 years, I couldn 't believe I had any issue with my heart. Hypertension, mainly due to heredity, but that is about all I can complain about. I lived with the problem for a year until 1/2016 when my doctor put me on metoprolol...this stuff was terrible. My heart rate would drop to below 50..or go higher than 90. Again I lived with this medication for a year until I thought about cardiac ablation. Before considering this method, my NEW Doctor prescribed flecainide. This was a game changer for me. Though I still have a &quot;skip&quot;, I am functional and have much more energy and overall better wellness than I had not had for years.
I have had terrible nausea and vomiting for the last 3 months my dr. put me on this and it has worked miracles I am very greatful for it.
Started taking metoprolol 8 years ago when I was hospitalized with a bout of of tachycardia that wouldn 't go away for hours. Diagnosed with supraventricular tachycardia. Started out at 50mg, but had breakthroughs regularly, and went up to 100mg after a year. The medication works great to keep my heart rate and blood pressure down to normal levels, however, for the first month on the medication I constantly fell asleep during daily activity, and even now I maintain a sense of perpetual fatigue. Hard to lose weight, and depression creeps up often. Brain fog has slowed my ability to focus and react swiftly, which is frustrating. Still, the medication works so well to keep the heart episodes at bay that I haven 't tried switching to a new medication.
I was started on  this medication in the hosptial to help convert Atrial Fibillation to a normal rhythm  using electric shock. The electrical cardioversion was successful. Upon  discharge I now take 1000mg per day without ill effects except the cost, which is about $250.00 per month at this dose.
I started lexapro about two weeks ago. Currently, I am happy to say the benefits have out weighed the negative side effects. My side effects have been: nausea, ear ringing, headaches, sleep problems, dry mouth, and sore teeth.  However, my energy has increased and I am in much better shape than I was two weeks ago.  Two weeks ago I would not leave my house, I did not go to work or go out socially.  I would randomly get up set and I was not motivated to do anything.  I am slowly going out more and becoming more the old me.
I have been on Belviq for 1 week and 1 day.  Day 1 was just awful. I felt &quot;stoned&quot;, dizzy, brain fog, tight chest, extremely tired. The positive: virtually instantaneous appetite suppression, and more than that - a feeling of satisfaction after eating only a fraction of what I normally ate. So I decided to play out the side effects and see if they went away.  Each day was a little better than the last. By day 4 I was feeling mostly normal - more like a benedryl fog than a stoned feeling now.  Other side effects were a mild cough, some ear/jaw pain, sneezing fits and general weirdness. It is mostly gone now and I am down 3lbs. Glad I stuck with it. I am in it for the long haul. I desperately want to be one of those before and after people!
I got nexplanon November 2015. First, my experience inserting the rod was not that painful, the only part that hurt (and it hurt like a b*tch) was the lidocaine shot the doctor used to numb my arm. For a few days afterward though, I didn 't want to move my arm certain ways because it caused a sharp pain on each end of the rod and caused bruising. I have always had extremely heavy, painful, and long periods before I was on birth control and while I was on the pill. They would last approximately ten days each. About a week after I got nexplanon, I got my period. It was just like my normal periods, but instead of ending it just got lighter until it was just spotting and has been bleeding ever since, but I barely ever cramp like I used to.
This medicine is helping me - I feel better in general.  I have taken it for 2 weeks and gained 10lbs.  All I think about is my next meal and then snacks.  It is crazy, I can 't help but eat, eat, eat.  I have called my doctor to see about switching me to something else.  I can 't continue gaining weight like this. I may have to find some diet pills to off-set the cravings. If you are depressed and underweight this is the pill for you.
I was prescribed Percocet for a foot injury. It was a lifesaver. Percocet dealt with the pain and helped my mood at the same time.  I have noticed others ' comments about its help with mood, and I have concluded that there is a correlation to its efficacy and anxiety.  
My first month on it has been pretty good. I lost 6 pounds in a week which is kind of a down side for myself because I like my curves.
Breo along with Incruse has improved by breathing ten fold!  I am so happy to be feeling better .  Free Co-Pay from both companies
I have been on Lo/Ovral for about 10 years now and have loved it but it has started giving me strange mood swings. I am 30 and feel that my hormones are changing and I need to speak to a doctor about changing my birth control. I have started noticing no sex drive, massive mood swings, lack of sleep and here recently weight gain. But like I said I have loved it up until now.
i am in the UK and taking this for a colonoscopy at 1.30 pm today. Took the first litre at 6.30 pm yesterday and it worked really quickly. I don 't send a straw to drink and drank it all in half an hour. Up at 6 am today for the 2nd lot which is harder to drink -  maybe because I really want a cup of ta and a biscuit!! Just starting my last glass now and having to intersperse with plain water but it really isn 't that bad. Don 't believe all the horror stories.
I 've found that Topimax has worked for me, I 've lost 73 pounds still struggle with food consumption from time to time but I do find that it has a definite affect.
I 'm on Naltrexone now at 11 weeks following TSM, take the med 1 hour b4 drinking. Wine drinker. My cravings eased some and the &quot;taste&quot; isn 't as good, even really good wine doesn 't have the same appeal. Consumption has dropped, but more so in the number of days/week. I have gone from 5 or 6 days per week to now 3, altho the amount of drinks per session is the same or up a bit. I now drink lighter whites with less alcohol, not heavy reds. I 'm  60 yr old woman, no other program. I 'm encouraged, will stick with it, but was hoping to feel less craving by now. In reflection the run up to my problem is over 15 years. Never a binge drinker, didn 't drink in my teens, 20s or much in 30s. From all my reading and research I do think I 'll be in control again
Been on Avonex for 1 year now. Had one minor relapse in this period. Still come down with flu like symptoms for 1 to 2 days every week. Difficult to cope with work and house hold responsibilities on those 2 days. Also bad for social life. My MS symptoms gradually get worse but I manage. Don 't know for sure whether the interferon has a positive effect on slowing the progression of my MS but I think/hope it does.
I took Next Choice after contraceptive failure ...and thumps up I 'm not pregnant.
I 've had chronic lower back pain for over two years (herniated disk). I can 't say for sure what has relieved my pain, but ever since taking diclofenac my pain almost immediately has gone from being almost completely debilitated,  to being able to function physically at the level I was at when pain started. Still have pain and not 100%, but my quality of life is back and I feel much more fluid and agile.  For almost six months I could hardly get out of bed, let alone tie my shoes.
Watch out for the first three months. That is all I can say. Prepare for an emotional roller coaster. My boyfriend and I considered it &quot;the monster pill&quot; for a while jokingly, yet it is a very good description. Now that I have been on this pill for about 5 months, I actually love it! It 's increased my breast size, I have a very very regular period, and I 'm feeling no emotional changes. However, when I do miss a pill or two, and I take 2 or three at once, I am extremely sore the next couple days. Not sure if this is normal or just a coincidence. Gives me motivation to take them daily! Lol. Anyway, overall, a great pill. Reason I took two points away is for the first three months of hell!
Ugh. The taste is absolutely horrible. I would have much rather have eaten seafood than drink that stuff. I almost vomited shortly after finishing first dosage. And about 30 minutes later I already had to go to the bathroom. And everything has been yellow. Have had chills, nausea, feeling faint.  I shouldn 't have to be doing this at 25 years old. Ugh. Dreading the second dosage at 4 am
About two years ago, I stayed home sick with what I thought was the flu. After about a week of misery and no relief I went to the doctor. He told me that all the awful, flu-like symptoms were actually my hay fever acting up and because I had waited too long to come in I now had nasal polyps. Many members of my extended family has had them and treated them with Nasonex or even surgery (my aunt can 't taste or smell now). Since then, I 've used Nasonex nearly every night. There 's a very obvious difference between nights I take it and nights that I forget - I tend to wake up with throat congestion and a runny nose. Only once have I actually had a full-on nosebleed.
I used Aubra for two functions: as a contraceptive, and as a way to reduce acne. I would call it a positive experience since its main function was to reduce risk of pregnancy, and I did not become pregnant while using it. However, there are side effects (as with any oral contraceptive). Different pills use different kinds of synthetic hormones, each of which may or may not have a different effect on the user 's skin.Aubra is partly comprised of levonorgestrel, which is one of the most androgenic (acne causing) synthetic hormones used in oral contraceptives. I have been continually breaking out in cystic acne since I started Aubra half a year ago. I am currently in the process of switching to Ortho Tri-Cyclen (lower androgenicity).
I took accutane in the early 1980 's after years of unsuccessful treatment by dermatologists.  I was given every antibiotic available, had ultra-violet light treatment, dry ice treatments, liquid nitrogen treatments and then finally X-Ray treatments.  None of these worked.  Accutane cleared my skin quickly and I haven 't had a problem in almost 25 years.  I had no serious side effects.
Used nifedipine in conjunction with other anti-labor medications when experiencing a complete premature rupture of membranes at 23 weeks gestation. Was able to carry to 27 weeks and delivered a healthy daughter.
I 'm at the two-week point. And while it 's still a bit painful to get out of bed, once I do I no longer feel &quot;stoned.&quot; There is a light at the end of the tunnel.Days one through five were as follows: 50 mg, 100 mg, 200 mg, 300 mg, 400 mg.  Then it was a matter of getting my body acclimated to 400 mg, which I thought would never happen. If you are able to take vacation/sick days/medical leave, I do suggest it. I did not. Either way, just know it does get better within a matter of weeks.
I have been on and off Adderall for the better part of a decade now.  I am a 26 year old, male.  This drug works wonders if you have the strength to take it as prescribed.  When I take Adderall, without abusing it, I feel I am able to live what a person would call a &quot;normal life&quot;.  It helps with my attention, concentration, motivation, I feel I can socialize easier and I perform better at work.    
Apri was prescribed to me as my first birth control pill to use..ever. I have been taking them for a month so far. Before Apri, I had been experiencing very tender breasts, break outs, and constant food cravings before my period would start. My period was also very irregular. After taking Apri, my breasts no longer become painfully tender before my period (period flow is the same but shorter 3-5 days when it used to be 5-8 days). I do not get moody, rather it has not affected my mood at all. I 've noticed my breasts getting bigger. No weight loss or gain so far. I have the same appetite but I seem to become fuller sooner.
so i had unprotected sex about a week ago. The same day i was very worried and took Next Choice.I was very worried the whole time.The next day i woke up i had all the symptoms that was on the package . I was nauseous ,dizzy ,and felt week. About 3 days later i realized some bleeding. i was still unsure if i was prego or not . Today the bleeding was more severe. I did some more research and read that if there is bleeding then you are not prego. So i do recommend Nest choice even though the side effects can be a bother ,but you dont end p perog soo thats good.:)
I 'm a 15 year old girl who started off with Vyvanse for a year but became anorexic. I switched off to Concerta! The first couple of years I felt so amazing because I have never experienced what it felt like to succeed after trying so much. Then I got to High School. My meds ended a relationship. I was always paranoid and extremely nervous. I am like a robot now. I 'm either extremely emotionless, really mad, or really paranoid. My friends tell me that it 's like talking to a stranger. I get frustrated so easily and don 't care about anyone or anything around me. I don 't want to be taken off my meds because I 'm really successful. But should I really have to choose between my loved ones and school. I shouldn 't have to pick.
Sominex is a great mild sedative. Although it does have a bit fo a hangover effect in the morning, this typically only lasts an hour or so. I 've been taking this stuff nightly for about a week and it 's the best over the counter stuff you can get for sleep.
I 've had outbreaks with cold sores for about 10 years now on average 1-2x year, the last few years primarily due to stress and weather changes. The main key to the success of Valtrex - as with any OTC, prescription or home remedy for cold sores/fever blisters - is timing. Take it at the first tingle. I keep Valtrex refilled and keep it handy, regardless of whether I need it. I felt a tingle and a bump the other day, took it and it has helped tremendously. It 's been 48 hours now and it has progressed past a slight red bump with no pain or bleeding. I haven 't had a major outbreak in over 2 years. If you are able, keep it handy. As someone who has had some dreadful experiences with cold sores, I can say it works-but timing is important.
I have been on all sorts of meds. Wellbutrin was beautiful but my throat swelled up and I broke out in hives. They  have tried lithium (scary rashes that took 4 months to clear) some other ones that made me worse or rashes. Latuda is the first that has been close to the awesomeness of Wellbutrin. I have more energy, eat less, fog like state of not fully &quot;being there&quot; is gone. I feel like a different person. The first week was nauseating but that went away and lasted a half hour at a time. When I bumped up to 40mg the nausea came back. My kidneys seem to be hurting but I am going with a wait and see if that goes away as well. I do not want to be taken off. Meds are hard to find that work.
I have been on Tri Sprintec for almost 2 years now.  I have not had any of the mood swings or nausea, but every now and again I do get a weird odor.  I have considered changing to a different pill, but the low cost is a huge plus to me right now.  I asked my husband if he 's noticed any odor, but he hasn 't.  LOL or so he says....  I am overall happy with the product though.
I 'm 35 weeks pregnant. None of the antibiotics cleared the infection I had. Doctor prescribed azithromycin 500mg (2 tablets as a single dose). I took them. Experienced crazy diarrhea. Felt nauseous, but debt throw up. Pretty sure the meds have worked. Concerned with what to eat now. Now to get to full term and have a safe vaginal delivery. ..
Xanax is like putting a band-aid over a wound that needs stitches. This med helped take the edge off my anxiety and am thankful for it. It will NOT treat GAD properly because you 'll be dependent with too many doses, but is a godsend for panic disorders. I still struggle with anxiety (anger, headaches, worrying, crazy thoughts). It helped me be able to sleep, socialize, not have panic attacks at work, great sex drive and I feel calm. I was prescribed 0.5mg twice a day, usually took less otherwise I 'd be sleeping all day, only could go about a day without it then I need it again for anxiety. The biggest downside is that it makes me REALLY tired, lazy, poor memory sometimes. When mixed with alcohol I get very angry. Will be looking into SSRIs.
My bf and I had a condom break and I panicked because I 've NEVER had something like that happen before and on top of that I was supposed to ovulate the same day well I took plan b that same day within 12 hours and I today I finally got my period almost a week early!! My advice is to try not to panic plan b does what it 's supposed to and just relax and your body will take care of the rest. My only concern is if my periods will be back on track since taking it. But that 's it.
Felt more attentive and helped take away depression I had lived with for years.
Went to see the doctor 3 months ago. I wasn 't sure what was wrong with me. First visit I told the doc my symptoms.(fatigue, tense muscles, shortness of breath, light headed) The doctor said it might be allergies. He gave me hydroxyzine 25MG. I started with with one dose every 4 hours. They seem to help me breath easier and relax me. 
Not my first YI rodeo. First time using the ovule.. Intense burning.. Where is the sandpaper when you need it!  I was on fire before, but OMG! I sucked it up, the next day was better. Today day 3 very minor symptoms. I guess if you want to only use a one day cure there will be more medication and it seems like more burning. So if you can 't handle it use the 3 or 7 day treatment.
I have been on Cymbalta for the last 2 weeks. The side effects have been difficult, stomach pain, the first few nights I couldn 't sleep and thoughts raced through my mind, I was also having severe suicidal thoughts and I was still waking up from the pain and tingling sensation in my arms and shoulders. this is week three and I find that my mood has improved, but I 'm sweating a lot. the fibro pain is present and I 'm tired a lot. I tried taking it at night but find my chest hurting the next day so I switched to mornings on a full stomach and that 's improved the stomach pain. I have restless leg and if I 'm late on taking my next dose I 'm jittery. I don 't really know if its working for my pain, but my mood is much better, I 'm not suicidal.
Within 1 week of taking 1 tablet , my auditory hallucinations had nearly disappeared and then increased the amount to 1 1/2 tablets and was and am amazed this product. Its giving me my life back again......
I had been on this medication in the past and discontinued usage after I got pregnant. I  started back a few months ago, not realizing what the side effects were. I started gaining weight incredibly fast with no change to my diet and exercise and wasn 't going to the bathroom unless I used a laxative. I was stumped and depressed about it up until yesterday when I spoke with a GI doctor. FINALLY I had an answer only after many visits to my family doctor and many co-payments which added up quickly (with no solution). Needless to say, I am so relieved to finally know what is going on with me... 20 lbs later but I see the light at the end of tunnel. Hope this helps.
So far so good...helping with the restlessness and unwanted movements.
I have been trying to get my blood pressure under control for years!  My doctor has put me on a few medicines and after a while they just seem to not do much good.  My doctor gave me  EDARBYCLOR 40*/12.5 , twice a day.  In about 3-4 days my BP was lowing, which was VERY good, however I did notice I was having tummy problems.
Did an amazing job at getting me back to normal although I still suffer from panic attacks in my sleep. This also helped me greatly with my depression and made me feel normal again. 
I took antibiotics for a couple of decades. Accutane in the mid-90 's.  That had a positive impact for 2 years and then the oil glands geared back up and acne again.Doxycycline for roughly another 10 years.  Plus Benzoclinze OTC wash and topical treatments such as Differin and Retin A.Autoimmune issues from allergies to hair loss developed.Prescribed spiranolactone to help reduce androgens - hair loss and acne treatment.My acne appears in odd places like scalp, inside ears plus face and my upper back and neck.  The oil produced can best be described as feeling like bacon grease.Med works for acne/oil reduction.Stopped for a month and regret it.  Oil production and acne.  Plus, hair loss.
I had been on Zoloft for about a year or so which helped manage my anxiety, but didn 't help when it came to a very stressful day or event that led to side effects like racing heart, labored breathing, sweating, stomach ulcers, etc. I needed something that I could take immediately to stave an anxiety attack off. My doctor prescribed Klonopin and I 'm so grateful for it. For me, it doesn 't make me tired, lethargic, or dull me down. I was afraid of a medication that would just sedate me. This drug takes the edge off and makes me feel good enough to continue with my day. I haven 't had any side effects.
Have been on this medication for 4 yrs for Anxiety Disorder &amp; Fibromyalgia. Cymbalta has definitely helped with both conditions. Without it, I 'd be in an almost constant state of Anxiety &amp; the Fibromyalgia flare-ups would be much worse. (Found this out when I reduced the dose from 60 mgs a day to 30mgs every other day, after hitting the expensive Medicare &quot;donut hole&quot; last year. That reduction also caused severe depression within a month and I 've never been diagnosed with depression!). My side effects include some gastrointestinal problems &amp; 30 lb. weight gain, despite daily exercise/diet. (All SSRI 's cause weight gain for me). Hate the extra weight gain, but it 's better than having Anxiety/Fibromyalgia pain.
I was diagnosed with Chronic Idiopathic Urticaria 3 months ago. I have dermographism, where my skin itches during the day, and if I scratch it, I get terrible red patches on my body which stay for an hour or two and looks terrible. I tried every single second generation antihistamine and non of them helped. Zyrtec finally gave me the relief I wanted. I take one pill in the morning with no side effects and I almost don 't feel any itch during the day. Since I don 't itch, I don 't need to scratch myself and don 't get hives. I give 8 starts because it doesn 't completely cure CIU, but it helps me to manage my symptoms.
I 've had the nexplanon implant for about a year now and I have mixed feelings about it. Yes, it worked great in the aspect of me not getting pregnant, however I did gain about 20 pounds since getting the implant.  It 's also made it almost impossible for me to lose any weight, I 've been exercising, eating healthy, etc. At first I would get a lot of headaches but they 've died down now, and I 've also been very &quot;gaggy,&quot; any little smell, texture, or sight of something gross makes me gag a lot. The one thing that 's been keeping me from having it removed is the fact that I only get my period about 3-4 times a year. I used to have very painful cramps and heavy bleeding but since getting the implant my periods have been a lot lighter.
I had a social phobia for a long time with a rapid out of control heart beat, its a big difference since I started taking this medicine, anxiety is a lot less, and more out going with the public and less fear, but the only side effect that I 'm not comfortable with is delayed ejaculation.
I have been on Enbrel for 15 years and it has been a life changer.  I was literally pain free.  Until about a year ago, shortly have the injection I started feeling nauseous, thought maybe it was something I ate but I have since tracked it and every single time to give myself an injection I get nauseated and it lasts for about 36 hours.  Has something in the formula of Enbrel changed??  I 'll take being nauseated any day over the pain.
Works well, a couple side effect to be aware of is acne, weight gain, and nausea
I have many spine health issues and as a result, experience the joys of chronic back pain.  This medicine works well for moderate pain for me.  I did build up a tolerance for it pretty quickly, however, which is typical for any pain medicine.  Bad side effects I experienced were debilitating nausea and hot flashes when it was taken on an empty stomach.  Also, the all-over &quot;itchies,&quot; when I first started taking the medicine.  Both of these can be prevented by eating with the medicine and taking an antihistamine with it.
Hi ladies im here to share my experience wuth planb i had unprotected sex on 09-13-15 i took plan b the nextday round 12p.m bout a hour later i had all sideeffects that was expected my period was due on the 23rd i got it as expected but the next month i had spotting that only lasted a day so i was worried because on top of that i had pregnant symptoms i took several test all negative so i was now almost 3weeks late i went and purchase a v8 vitamin drink drank a large dose then nextday i got my period thank u plan b it really work and im well over 200lbs it still works Dont stress your period will come
I have had grand-mal seizures since age of 15.  Around 32 I started having partial seizures only I didn 't know that 's what they were till I read a pamphlet in my Drs office.  They put me on Vimpat, which at first did not help with the dizziness I was already feeling from the partial seizures, but after about a year now the dizziness has definitely slowed and I only have partial seizures when I 'm overly, overwhelmed, or stressed.  It doesn 't help with my grand-mal seizures which I have at least 1-2 every month. I have noticed weight gain, and memory loss which I had before the medication, and hair loss, and tingling in my limbs, but if I drink more water it helps with the tingling. As for the hair loss I take biotin and that has helped.
I have been overseas for nearly a month now and started experiencing stomach cramps every morning for about a week and then continued with no BM, I 'm 19 and have never had issues like this before. Possibly from the food I 've been eating not sure, went to a pharmacy here in Thailand and dulcolax is what they gave me, took 2 pills at 7:30pm and went to sleep and woke up at 2am with stomach cramps, painful but bearable. A BM followed where it started off normal before ending in diarhea. Went again about 10 minutes later and am now back in bed at 4am feeling as though I 'll get back to sleep with little pain, although my stomach is still rumbling. Not sure what all the fuss is about it 's done the job and I feel good that my bowels are clear.
I have had Implanon for 3 weeks. I had been on Nuvaring for 2 years before getting Implanon. Insertion was definitely scary because I am scared of needles. My arm had a big bruise for about a week and my arm was sore for about 2 weeks. It almost felt like I had pulled a muscle. I have had a really light period similar to my normal period since getting Implanon. I would suggest to anyone who is interested talk to your doctor and determine if it is right for you. 
Doesn 't control pain for long enough period of time. Decreases pain from 9 to 7 for 2  hours then pain starts to increase again. Also causes nausea and dry mouth.
This product is a God send. It helps so much with my interstitial cystitis symptoms. But I have noticed that if I use it very frequently that my unine starts to smell really bad.  Which concerns me s bit.
I have a degenerated disc and arthritis in my back. At first the pain was intense and I couldn 't sleep. My doctor prescribed Vicodin but that made me feel drunk and couldn 't function. I take Ultram 50mgs every 4 hours. At first I took them only when I was in pain. But realized through articles that taking it when pain starts it 's not as effective! I now sleep pretty good, before I couldn 't sleep and I was like a zombie! Little side effects. After 4 hours I get a little air headed. Been on it about a month! Trying to determine if I as I have been taking it every 4hrs pain or not. I 'm pleased that I have a lot less pain and can function!
I 'm 18 years old to anyone who wants a teenagers perspective. I 've been on this pill for 3 months now &amp; I really like it. The first week of taking this pill I was a little nauseous. I have really bad chronic depression &amp; extreme anxiety &amp; this contraceptive doesn 't effect my moods whatsoever. I did gain a little bit of weight but I have always been really small so weight gain didn 't bother me. I 've noticed a big increase in appetite. My acne has gone unphased. I 've read that a lot of people have lost their sex drive while on this birth-control, but it is the exact opposite for me. Unfortunately I 've noticed some vaginal dryness during sex which is terrible. But it 's lessened my periods to two days each month. I strongly recommend!
I always had acne around periods but after I had my son it got severe. So much so that it left scars from inflammation that would make one zit into a pea sized bump deep under my skin that was painful and caused anxiety, depression and so on. After seeing a Dermatoligist he prescribed a combo of 3 to combat it. The tri sprintec to regulate hormones, a light topical antibiotic lotion clyndomicin I think and a year of doxycycline antibiotics. It took time but after the antibiotics took care of the infection with this pill it seemed to prevent acne. My reason for thinking this is the only time it 's gotten bad again is after running out and going a month without or an occasional pimple during the placebo week. Overall it helped a great deal...
I started feeling better by the 2nd day. I feel a little funny but continued to take my  prescription. But on the night of the 4th day I  started to feel like my UTI was starting up again. On the 5th and last day of my prescription I have a burning sensation when a went to peed and my lower abdomen started to hurt again.
It worked very well on the pain, but the severe burning of the nose lasted about 5 minutes until I ran water up and around it.
I 'd been taking Pristiq, but it killed my libido.  Since taking Viibryd, my depression is gone and my libido has returned to its normal self.  
I am taking 50 mg each night before bed. I have been on it for 8 days. Trying to get off Ativan. I fall asleep very fast but still wake up 2 or 3 times. BUT, when I do wake up I am noticing I do not have the racing thoughts as before. And I fall back to sleep in a few minutes. So far the only side effect is I am sleepy the next day. The stuffy nose and dry mouth are better than at first.
Have been taking Diovan 160mg twice daily along with hydrochlorothiazide 25mg for 2 years. Developed a shortness of breath which they told me was asthma problem that I never had before. I insisted it was the medication and was told it wasn 't because it worked great for my blood pressure.  Had 2 near death experiences from &quot;asthma attacks&quot;. They stopped the Diovan and hydrochlorothiazide and I haven 't had any problems with breathing.  I can be very active without losing my breath now.  Now trying to find something else that works as good on my blood pressure.
This was amazing - worked just as effectively as roaccutance for me (which I had been on twice) however it stopped working after two years. I must have built up a tolerance to it. I genuinely thought I 'd be able to use this for life. I 'm hoping to give it a try again in 6 months
Works well
So I Been On The Nexplanon For 9 Months And Let Me Just Say I Hate It Because Of The Forever Bleeding It 's Depressing Ugh!.But.....Then I Love It Because I Won 't Get Pregnant 
A year ago I got treated for thrush. I had blood tests, swabs etc. A few months after I then started having symptoms of UTI. Again I went to the doctors and got tests done to rule out STD 's. Thankfully it all came back negative. It has now been a year and I thought I was having recurrent thrush. I pushed for my 3rd lot of tests as I felt something wasn 't right, (pain during intercourse and bleeding after). I have now finally been diagnosed with BV - medication 3 tabs a day for 7 days plus probiotics &amp; Nilstat cream. It 's day 2 and already I 've noticed a HUGE improvement. No SE accept for slight bloating and fatigue. Fingers crossed I won 't have to deal with these horrid symptoms again.
Stelara has lowered all the inflammatory  markers in my bloods to within a normal range. This however doesn 't repair damage already done. I am however suffering much less of burning in the joints. The aching is still pretty much the same. I was previously on Embrel and have been on Stelara for only two months so a way to go yet. SO far so good.
Losartan is controlling my blood pressure very well but the heartburn that comes with it is going to force me into something else.
I 've been on this birth control for almost the full first pack now, I 'm on the last pills in which I should get my period. It 's been 3 pills and I haven 't started it yet, I haven 't had spotting, and I have all the symptoms of a period but the blood! Makes me nervous that maybe I have a blood clot or maybe it 's made me infertile, and it makes me worry that I 'm just going to get a horrible period in a week or two unexpectedly. I don 't believe I 'm pregnant, and this extended pill is way better with side effects than my one month pill, tri sprintec, was. I have a sex drive back and I am not as depressed. Obviously right now I 'm very moody and nervous but that 's not the normal.
I have been on generic lamictal for nearly 2 months, on 300 mg for 1 week so far. I feel great when I wake up, depressed late am and afternoon, then decent in the evenings. Has anyone else had this with lamictal? My hope is that a higher dosage will do the trick. Thanks for any responses!
I have had Parkinson 's for 10 years. Six months ago, I was prescribed Seroquel 1/2 25mg at bedtime to &quot;clean up my sleep -anxiety&quot;. Works fine except I began wetting the bed after being asleep for 5 - 6 hours. The Seroquel makes me feel better but I have to solve the bed wetting problem.
I was diagnosed bipolar 2 about 3 years ago.  I am a 36 yr old female. I was originally given topamax 50mgs at night with seroquel 50mgs, as well as a variety of antidepressants and klonopin for anxiety.  That worked great for awhile until it didn 't and I weened myself off everything. DON 'T DO THAT!! I had a horrible hypomanic episode followed by a 4 month depressive crash.  I 'm now on Latuda, Celexa, Klonopin, and my good buddy Topamax.I have had no serious side effects from Topamax.  A little hair loss (more like extra hair in the brush) but it 's only noticeable to me.  Not bad.  No word loss, no memory problems.  I 'm in grad school with a near 4.0 GPA.  It helps me maintain my weight so the other meds don 't affect me.
I 've had the pleasure of being on sertraline 100mg for the last 8 years and I honestly believe I wouldn 't be in this world if I wasn 't. Every now and again I get tight jaw muscles or the odd day of nausea and every once in a  while, when I 'm feeling really sorry for myself, I can eek out a tear and have minor meltdown. But nothing like before. This drug has saved me.
I have been on letrozole for 5 months. I experience pretty strong joint pain in hands, fingers and feet especially upon rising in the morning. I look like Walter Brennan going to the bathroom. I am 54 and previously felt like 25, now I often feel 85. Have found something great to prevent weight gain and helps with the energy issue. Still working on vaginal dryness and libido. Have found an anti-inflammatory diet improves pain, energy and mental clarity.  
Initially medication was very helpful, but the longer I 'm on it the less it helps. Now experiencing more day time sleepiness and I 'm not able to stay asleep at night. Some nights it seems to help a lot, and then other nights nothing it doesn 't seem to help at all. Getting harder and harder to rest and feel rested. Going to my doctor within the next 2 weeks to discuss different medication. RLS is very frustrating.
Started with Trazodone last year to help with insomnia didn 't need it every night, just taken as needed per the doctor. Started having issues with sleeping again last week took bottle out it hasn 't expired yet so I figured I would try it again. I also take citalopram for depression, found an added benefit to the trazodone that didn 't happen before and that was a major improvement in my mood and a better ability to focus, most likely because I sleep so soundly now, but the only side effect I 'm having is muscle stiffness in different areas of my body, on a very low dose so I hope with continued use it will go away. Anyway it has been a wonder drug for me. Still feel a little groggy in the morning, and no headaches.
This medicine has been wonderful. My 7 year old daughter had insomnia from the medicine for ADHD. It was awful, she couldn 't get to sleep and was having difficulty in school. I wasn 't thrilled about giving her more medicine but Clonidine has helped her so much.
I got it inserted about 3 months ago. So far I love it! Insertion was quick and easy, not painful, but left an ugly bruise for about a week.  I felt bloated for about 2 weeks after insertion, but that eventually went away. My next menstrual cycle last almost 2 weeks, but I have not had a period since! I do get the symptoms of being on my cycle, such as cramping and bloating, back aches, but no bleeding. I was worried about other reviews about it making them an emotional wreck, causing depression, etc. I already deal with stress/anxiety/depression and am currently on medication for it, but it has not gotten any worse with the Nexplanon. My experience has been good so far and would definitely recommend.
I 've been taking this birth control for a year now and I absolutely love it. Since I started taking I 've seen no physical change in my health. It cleared up my skin great!
I initially was prescribed this a few months ago at 10 mg 3xd, but it made me headachy and almost made my anxiety worse, so I quit taking it. I cannot take benzos, and recently am having more problems with anxiety, so I 'm trying it at 5 mg 3xd. Now I see what others have been talking positively about. It 's very subtle, but apparently I was just taking too much for my system before. So far, so good.
Initially prescribed Lansoprazole 30mg due to acid reflux.I took it for 3 days with side effects (diarhorroea, dry mouth and stomach pain), so I called my doctor and found out I had H Pylori.I had to continue taking Lanso. with Clarithromycin and amoxicillin for 7days (known as triple therapy). Honestly after taking the triple therapy, I began to have withdrawal symptoms. For some strange reason, I used to be really hungry when being on the medication. Not anymore.Dr. recommends I continue taking Lanso. 30mg once a day after the triple therapy until I &quot;feel better really&quot;. I 've been on Lans. for 4 days now after the therapy and I 'm still experiencing sour, foul taste in the mouth, gassy bubbling in my digestive tract.. no hunger.
I had the Implanon put in about 6 weeks after my son was born. I was going to try the Mirena, but my cervix was too small and the nurse couldn 't insert it. So, she can back with an alternative-the Implanon. To be honest, I wasn 't really into the idea of having something in my arm, but I knew I probably would miss pills again...so I had it inserted. That was April 2008. 18 months later, I 'm liking it a better than I a year ago. Those first 8 months awful. I picked up a few pounds which I didn 't mind because I 've always been super skinny, but the unpredictable cycles were awful. My periods had always been light and short, but with the Implanon, they became MUCH heavier and longer! It 's convenient, but it has its ups and downs!
I just got skyla yesterday. The pill was not working for me and I mentioned maybe wanting skyla. Before I knew it my gyno was in the room with the kit read to insert it. So I was not prepared so I didn 't take any pain killers. My cervix is very far up so she had to clamp it to pull it down. The insertion was the worst pain I have ever felt down there. Felt like knives turning as she inserted it. After I was unclamped the pressure started to go away. I went home and took some tylonal and a nap. I woke up and went to work for 12 hours. Worst decision of my life. I recomend staying home the day you get it done.It 's day 2 and cramps aren 't horrible but still are there and I 'm spotting. I 'm to afraid to put a tampon in or try having sex
I have been on Wellbutrin now for 6 days. I was amazed how wonderful I felt on the first day I took it. I had been on  another medicine for 6 months and it never help my depression so my Doc. put me on this one. I feel like a real person again. The only I am having trouble with is chirpping in my ears and foggy head. It is hard to keep my thoughts together sometimes.
After 6 years of intractable migraines my Neurologist gave me Botox shots. I now go in every 3 months for shots. It has dropped my daily pain level from an 8-9 to 5-6 which I can live with, believe me it 's not perfect but much better. My head is sore for about 3 days after the shots, which feels like bee stings, and I usually lay around with ice packs on my noggin.
Put on metoprolol and paroxetine for high blood pressure and insomnia. Paroxetine did not relax for sleep but gave all night insomnia. Changed to Buspar 8 years ago and the hair trigger on anger had a safety put on.  If I miss my morning 10 mg I can feel by mid-day that stressor can blow my cool. Often feel fuzzy for 30 minutes of I have not eaten. Still got stress but it keeps the launch button cover in place 98% of time.  Emotional (edge of tears) from outside triggers (TV) have evolved but doc says handling everything that has been dumped on my plate would bring most men to their knees and that IF I would accept it he would prescribe something for depression so I guess I 'll try his fluoxetine and see.
Worked well for the most part. I found that, on average, once every 7-10 days I become somewhat anxious and agitated (making it hard to sleep) after taking the Ambien. I don 't know why it only happened occasionally but it was more common when I took 5 mg rather than 10 mg. In the end I switched to Restoril (temazepam) 30 mg.Dose 5-10 mg at night Age 21 For primary insomnia
I had my Implanon put in February 2011 I only had a period the first month then never had one again. Only thing I didn 't like was the pain in my arm. But otherwise it was great it didn 't give me any problems and I didn 't gain much weight and the sex never changed. 
Fast Freeze was cheaper and it worked better than some of the other brands I have used.
Radical prostatectomy and radiation, probably 75% with 80mg.
Was on this pill for three months. Just recently decided to switch. Start new BC today. Anyways Microgestin Fe made me breakout bad. My forehead and chin that 's why I decided to switch. I never really breakout and it bothered me so much. But other than that the pill made my period very light and few to no cramps. It did its job, prevented pregnancy. &amp; Did cause some mood swings. Caught myself crying in time to time. And I feel like the pill made me gain little weight.
Had to stop smoking due to cost and a friend gave me these after she failed to stop. The lozenges weren 't melting in 20 to 30 minutes in my mouth. More like 3 to 5 hours. I don 't know why that is, but I 'm not complaining. The medicine wasn 't expired or anything. I 'm at week 2  2 days and I haven 't cheated. Still have slight urges now and then, but the lozenges do help curb that urge. Since my friend only had so much Commit left, I am going tomorrow to buy a new box. I recommend it. Side effects were low for me. Good luck all.
Get light headeed on them
I noticed a change almost immediately in my energy levels, moods, and alertness. I would reccomend it to any of my family and friends.
32 yr. old male. prolactin levels 55.9. I 've been on cabergoline for 4 weeks now. My lab results came back and I am now within the healthy range at 9.9. I went maybe 2 weeks with bad nausea and headaches then they subsided and those effects are less intense and less frequent. I rated a 7 because the medicine certainly works, and quickly at bringing down prolactin, I do not know the results about it shrinking the adenoma or not yet so I am still unsure if it works on that front. So far so good. While the side effects were annoying and disrupted my daily life, it is certainly better than the alternative of surgery to remove the &quot;noma&quot; from my pituitary gland.
I commend everyone on here for wanting to change their lives from the misery of opiate addiction or just plain addiction. I think Subutex and Suboxone are great when you detox off other heavy opiates, or using them for maintenance for a short period of time- no longer than 5-6 months. Because this is a very powerful medicine too, I am saying this because I want everybody to know that this medication will take away all your dope sickness and then when your done with the subs your good with no withdrawl from that. That is certainly not the case. More evidence is coming out when on subs 4 over 1/ 1 and half years It is much harder to get off these drugs than your d.o.c. But they do help you break that vicious addicition cycle. Gd luck 2 u all.
Been taking This medication for over 13 years responsibly!!!  It has helped tremendously to control my pain but not without side effects of not being able to sleep well ever and constant sweating 24/7.  Much safer to use than oral meds and no stomach problems.
I was prescribed Bystolic 2 weeks ago to control HBP.  It was 194/104 at the Dr. Office. I had previously been prescribed Zebeta, which I liked, but it caused my heart rate to go down to 40 bpm.  It also caused some stomach issues, but did lower my BP.  Then I took ramipril, and had a horrible cough, burning in my chest,  and my throat swelled up almost immediately.  I am very sensitive to medicines, and only take 2.5 mgs of this, and it lowers my BP at that dose, but it sitll creeps up during the day.  Also, it completely kills my appetite, which I can live with for now, and also some stomach upset at first, but seems to be getting better.  I hope they don 't up my dose.  I like having very few side effects.  Good luck
I found that Lexapro really elevated my mood drastically and helped my anxiety, but it also gave me severe insomnia, dreamy thinking, and the inability to pay attention.
In the middle of my first dose. After reading other reviews I was positively dreading it. Now it wasn 't exactly tasty but I just gulped it down and occasionally bit down a lemon wedge which really helped. It wasn 't until the last few swallows that I had to give it a bit more effort because the taste was getting to me. My Dr 's office told me I could drink GatorAde instead of plain water after finishing the prep bottle #1. I did not have anything cold because I prefer room temp. It took 35 minutes to start working. It 's been 2 hrs and I 've gone four times with no cramping, chills, nausea, etc.  Things are already starting to be more clear.  I 'm really glad for the low fiber diet and for pushing fluids all day today. Not staying long on the pot either
I took this when I pulled a muscle in my back and could no longer pick up my infant daughter. I took it in the middle of the day and it helped with the pain. Initially didn 't make me sleepy but the next morning it was near impossible to wake up. It was that terrible &quot;hang-over&quot; feeling. It was the worst I 've ever felt. I could hardly make myself wake up to get dressed and use the restroom. I laid around until almost 4pm the next day just because of pure lack of energy. Luckily I was only prescribed it for a week or so otherwise I 'm sure I would have quit taking it because of the drowsiness after effect.
Yes. Pseudoephedrine will make it easier to breathe, but if you don 't read the fine print, you 'll also find out that it makes it harder to pee, makes you jittery, and can make you restless. So, if you need to take it for a day or two - you should. But not for any longer.
I 'll have had Miranda for 3 years coming this March, 2016. For the first year my periods were irregular and I would cramp up even during times when I wasn 't on my period. This was disconcerting to me but I battled through. At this juncture in my life I 'm struggling with adult acne. I 'm concerned that the hormones are no longer affecting me as they did for 3 years and perhaps Mirena is the cause for this extreme case of acne. I do love this type of birth control and I believe it 's very freeing to not worry about pregnancy while using an IUD. There are many side affects and each affect women differently
This medication coupled with a benzodiazepine is wonderful. It makes your body feel better and is non addicting.
Although my doctor prescribed it mainly for Bipolar Depression, he will temporarily increase the dose in response to emerging manic symptoms especially racing thoughts, agitation, extreme irritability and dilusions.    Positive - Significantly (80-90%) calms my thoughts. Helps me fall and stay asleep.  Keeps my depression in check. I am now compliant with all of my medications and trust my doctor.Negative - higher doses blunt my affect. I must take my dosage at bedtime because of tremendous sedation which is when the drug saturation is highest in my blood and brain. If I must get up during the night, for example bathroom, I 'm disoriented and dizzy. I could never take it during the day. Weight gain from &quot;munchies.&quot; Sex-related problems
Ok this is where i am after two weeks. I 'm turning 54 one of these days, Managing Director of my company and self diagnosed with ADHD about a month ago. I matched ALL the criteria. Went to see a doctor and he confirmed my suspicions. I relayed my struggles with studies at University and he referred to me attaining two degrees a  'miracle, I cannot begin to explain how difficult studying was not to mention having to sit through hours of lectures. There was no - and I stress - NO filter between my brain.mind and my mouth. Anger,profanity and impulse behavior was only curbed by my life-long ability to be able to fall asleep anywhere, anytime. Imagine an alien being in charge for 53 years. It 's all gone. Why did no one help me with this before?
Great product! It works well for me, especially when I take it on an empty or partially empty stomach. I 'm 47 and my wife tells me that my erections are harder and longer.
I started taking this medicine to help with carpal tunnel issues I was having. The doctor had me taking 15-30 mg a day, which I see according to this site, is more than I 'm supposed to have. It helped the carpel tunnel, and has done wonders for my knee pain. It only helps mildly with my hand pain (arthritis). As far as side effects are that it has affected my bowel motions and I don 't always have much warning before I need to take one.
I have been using the Paragard IUD for one year now. I have 2 children and don 't want anymore. I tried both Mirena and Nexplanon and both caused me to have 21+ days of bleeding at a time so I had to go with the only long term option of hormone free bc I could get. Insertion was not painful, I was prescribed Misoprostol and a sonogram technician was present. The first 3-4 periods were heavy and painful but after that they became more normal. Overall I 'm happy with my decision to use this bc and really I 'm hoping this will continue to work out for as long as possible.
Works wonders for my anxiety and panic attacks, and even depression. But it puts me in a manic / euphoric / agitated condition. Sometimes unbearable. So I have to take Klonopin 2-4mg a day alongside olanzapine 5mg when things get out of control. Side effects for me: hunger, excessive yawning, euphoria/mania, weight gain, lower sex drive, very vivid dreams, they mostly go away within 10-14 days. The withdrawals are lengthy and hard so be careful, go slow. Works for me, meds turned my life around once again.
I have been using the product for 2 1/2 months I weighed 267 and now I weigh 242 losing a total of 25 lbs so far. This product helped to lower my blood pressure and give me a boost. Some side affects were insomnia the first week but that went away and dry mouth. My doctor advised me reduce my calorie intake to 1200 ( don 't stay consistently below or your hair will fall out) and exercise 5 days a week ... I hope to lose at least  67lbs total
After years of trying numerous medications (none ever working the way Midrin did) and wanting something I could function on, but would get rid of/or at least lessen my pain I tried Amerge for the first time last night. I took it around 6:00pm with food, and within 20 minutes I was crashed out on the sofa. I woke up almost 2 hours later with stomach cramps, a very fast heartbeat, an extreme confusion. My husband was talking to me, but I could neither understand him nor could I put words together. I tried to stand up to say goodnight to my daughter, and I walked directly into our coffee table and almost fell over. It took a good hour before I felt like myself. However, my headache was gone! I don 't know if the side effects are worth it.
Taking Effexor in the beginning was hard to get used to but after 6 months I felt great. Down side is I have headaches and sweat a lot. If I miss more than 4 days then I have withdrawal symptoms.  I 'm taking 150 mg a day and despite the side effects I wouldn 't change a thing. Oh yeah I have also lost weight while taking Effexor.
Loving it so far, seems to be giving me a life. I am a single mom who struggles with bipolar polar everyday and has been on almost everything and combo of things out there with no success. The only problems I 've noticed so far are nausea, dizziness, and being extremely tired throughout the day. I have only been on the medicine for a short period of time so I 'm hoping these side effects will start to go away but compared to what I normally deal with, they are nothing. The big issue is I do not have insurance so my doctor is currently giving me samples. I 'm trying to qualify for the financial assistance program but if I don 't I won 't be able to take the medication.
Been off and on Lexapro for 4 years now. I dread having to go back on it as the side effects make me feel lousy - headaches, nausea, jittery, insomnia, lightheaded and anxious. After a week though I feel back to normal and my energy and love for life returns. Being a person who prefers not to take medication I know that sometimes you can fight too long before you need a helping hand - Lexapro helped me. If you do get side effects at the beginning I advise you to go with the flow, understand that it 's the medication working &amp; think positive - take care to you all.
Got this thing in my arm 1 month ago. Insertion wasn 't too bad, hurt a little bit, and was sore for a couple days. Bruise went away after about a week. It was really itchy, and at times still is. I started bleeding 10 days ago, so I called my doctor. One of the nurses told me that I could continue to bleed continuously for the next 6 months....great. Looking at other people 's reviews, it looks like I 'm not the only one. At least it is a light amount, but still very annoying. I hope I can get through this and never have a period again. On the plus side, I don 't have to take a pill everyday, and my insurance covered the implant, which would 've cost me $3000 out of pocket.
Seroquel, 50mg nightly in addition to Lithium (2 x 200mg) and Cipramil (20mg) a dream combo for me. Stops the racing thoughts and knocks me out cold for 8 hours / night. Slight weight gain of maybe 2-3 kilos but hardly noticeable. I 'll take the extra weight over hypomania and insomnia any dat.
I never had a yeast infection until I got pregnant and so today was my first day using Monistat 7 &amp; the itching and burning is no joke but going to fight through it because I don 't like having it
I have taken Lunesta 3mg for around 6-7 years.  It takes about 45 minutes to make me start nodding off.  I had the metal taste when I first started using it but don 't have any problem with that for years.  I got insomnia when I had a hysterectomy years back.  I use to take Trazodone and it worked great but gave me a headache every morning.  Be sure not to eat any snack near the time you take you take Lunesta that interferes with absorption and falling asleep time.  I think it might make me a little more depressed.  However, if i don 't sleep I would be a raving loon!  Nothing worse then laying awake and you head won 't shut-up.  I would like to be able to fall asleep without medication but it just doesn 't happen without Lunesta.
This was the nastiest stuff I 've EVER drank. Mixed with cold lemon lime Gatorade and just had to keep drinking without breathing thru nose till it was gone. Took first dose at 6:30 pm and when I took second dose at 8:30 pm I almost didn 't get it all down. Part of it came back up. Started working 30 mins after first dose and worked a lot quicker than I expected. That part I liked. Did have the chills while taking it and felt bloated from all the water which the water was easy for me to drink that amount of. But that taste....how in the world could some say it even remotely tasted like watered down grape? Tasted like pure nastiness!!!
I started taking Contrave February 11, 2017. I have don 't have a really stressful job but sit most of the day. My weight is a problem and would to lose around 60 lbs. Today I 'm 2 weeks into taking Contrave no weight lose yet but I 'm hopeful it will happen. I have not experienced any negative side effects to date. I exercise daily and watch my diet.
I went to the hospital last night because there was a boil under my armpit. Last month I had one on my buttock. They tested me for diabetes, I 'm not a diabetic. I don 't know why I keep getting boils. They couldn 't drain it because fluid hasn 't formed yet, so they gave me Bactrim. I have to take 2 pills every 12 hrs. They are huge. And hopefully they work well for me like they did for most of you!
I have had many of the same experiences with the chemical thyroid meds, I asked to be switched over to armour and felt great, then after a few years, I noticed something was terribly wrong had heart palpating and just super tired all the time.   Went to the pharmacy and he told me that they changed the formula and that it had more fillers, he said that he could compound it for me and that would take care of the problem, so I asked my doctor and got a perscription for it to be compounded.  All I can say is what a difference!!! Back to my old self.
Worked great for pain, but beware of tolerance. Taking four to six hours or longer seems impossible at times but it will give you the most relief. I have been taking four daily of yellow 3601 ( best generic norco from HEB if you ask me they are extended release as oppose to the rubbish white ones you find elsewhere) and I don 't seem to get as much relief now days, one 10 mg will last approx two hours. Hard to get your doctor to understand but I am thankful for having something to help. Works great with two methocarbamol 750 or gabapentin. Have tried many prescriptions for  my three herniated discs, sciatica, arthritis/ pelvis pain and these three have given me the best relief.
Everyone take a note that anytime you take an antibiotic you should to a probiotic to help your digestive health. A lot of antibiotic 's cause diarrhea and can turn severe without proper technique. Take into fact too that eating or consuming and dairy product with an antibiotic is A HUGE NO-NO!!! I cannot stress how many times people have done that complaining about frequent loose bowel movements that sometimes leads to accidents.   By the third day if you don 't reckon progression, go back to docs immediately!
I am 23 with fibromyalgia and various post competitive gymnastics injuries. Daily I take Concerta, tramadol, Lexapro and Ambien to sleep. I take Percocet and Flexeril as needed for my bad days. Percocet is wonderful but it is obvious to me why people become addicted to it so I am careful not to take it unless the pain is really bad. It does affect mood, people are saying it should be used as an antidepressant but that is ridiculous. Yes, Percocet makes you feel great mentally and physically, but the second you stop taking it you will no longer have that feeling of wellbeing. Antidepressent get you back to a normal level that you can maintain after you come off it.
August 2013 and my experience with it has been both good and bad. The first month I did not have a period, then for the next six months I had a period every two weeks, now it 's down to a period once a month. For pregnancy prevention its great, but not so great because of irregular periods.
I have been on Bactrim DS for 6 days (4 more to go) and was diagnosed with MRSA. I feel the medicine is working VERY WELL but my side effects are bad! I feel nauseous ALL day. I have a hard time eating. I feel like I 'm pregnant. My stomach cramps, sometimes bloated, a little bit of dizziness here and there, and always feeling like I am going to throw up. I 'm just really glad that Bactrim DS is working for my MRSA because I really don 't want to go through different meds and then having to end up being hospitalized because I couldn 't find the right antibiotics for treatment.
During high school I began having several episodes of ridiculous pain in my back (I was a very healthy athlete at that time also) and ended up experiencing numbness in my L leg to the point I could hardly ambulate (I say ambulate because walking was NOT the only thing it effected). My dad, luckily an M. D., gave me samples of Skelaxin. As long as I took it appr. 2.5hrs before a practice or game, it only helped. After that time period, however, my coordination was markedly decreased, though it did tend to take the right fielder by surprise ;) In short, back then I loved it.I just started back on this after appr. 2  yrs off for a potential slipped/herniated/fromhell disc in the L2-L4 region soo.... Fingers crossed!!
I 'm on my second pack. I have not take birth control in years but my doctor recommended it to help with my endometriosis.  Previously I had cramps, no cramps now.  No spotting, period came as scheduled with the pills.  No headaches.  I have noticed some acne but nothing to worry about really.  I have gained weight, about 10 pounds, and went up 1 bra size, without any change in diet or my exercise program.  I find that I am hungry all the time and not sure how to lose these 10 pounds without going on a very strict diet.  Other than the weight, I 'm very happy with Jolessa.
I 've been diagnosed over 20 years ago with major depression and was hospitalized.  Took Prozac and after 5 years was able to taper off.  Depression came back the last year and was diagnosed with recurrent major depression.  After having a bad reaction to Wellbutrin, my psychiatrist suggested Viibryd because of the non-side effects for sexual desire.  I took 10mg for two weeks, and while it did seem to help with my depression, I did notice insomnia, increase in anxiety in the morning as well as an increase in the ringing in my ears. I have some tinnitus, but I found that the Viibryd increase it so much that it made it unbearable for me.  I had to stop the medication and noticed major recurrence of anger and sadness.
Helped to improveHemoglobin (hgb) and hematocrit (hct) and minimal Red blood cell (RBCs). Feel positive results thus far. Side effects were bone pain for few days after injection. Worst side effect was severe runny nose starting about 3 days post injection peaking about 2 weeks post injection and basically over at time for next injection.
I have just started taking this for nerve pain in my hands, leg and feet. For siatica, bursitis, bulging and degenerative disc pain at 100mg dosage. I have had noticeable pain relief for these issues today . It does make me drowsy but seems to be working. I will do an update on pain relief for a day where my pain is really bad and report on how it works then.
Bactrim helped with my bladder infection symptoms, but I have had the worst headache for three days straight from it. It hurts so bad that I 've been nauseous. I hope I never have to take this again.
Adderall has really helped me stay focused in school. Just be careful with your doses.
I started taking 3mg/day Prograf almost a week ago for my heart transplant.  I was on cyclosporin but was having lots of muscle pain and cramps from the cyclosporin.  Since starting the Prograg I 've been itching non stop.  Its apparently one of the side effects.  I 've also gained some fluid in my legs and hands.  Another side effect.  I hope the itching goes away soon or I 'll have to switch to something else.  
I have only been taking this medicine for a week, I am being treated for inflammatory bowel disease and nothing else has worked. So far I think I am on the way to being cured. I am keeping my fingers crossed. After two weeks I have to report back to my physician as to my experience with this medicine.
I was diagnosed with a big DVT in right leg in Oct. 2015. Was put on Xeralto for 6 months. Two months ago had another ultra sound and no clots. I am 66 years old. The doctor just took me off Xeralto 4 days ago and now I 'm worried about having a stroke, more clots etc (thanks to all the scary commercials on TV) so now I 'm stressed about being  'off ' Xeralto. I didn 't have any side effects that I am aware of while on Xeralto luckily. Doctor told me stay active (I sit 8 hours a day at work connected to a computer and phone) so I am sure this is why I got the clots to start with. I move my legs around under my desk and stand up for a few minutes every hour or two when I can. Will see what happens from here.
Day 7,No weight loss but im only able to eat 1/2 of my usual serving.Headache, dry mouth, super sleepy..Not to bad, I still am able to get 12,000 step in on my fitbit.. sleety or not.I hope this pill works for me
I have been using Butrans for 2 months now. I have scoliosis, cervical and lumbar bulging discs. I do get relief from the patches but it doesn 't take the pain completely away. I also am prescribed Vicodin for breakthrough pain episodes. My main complaint is HEADACHES! I have been having the worst headaches so I discontinued the patch for the past week and a half. I am going to resume it today. I will let you know if it 's the patch or something else. I am hoping I can continue with the Butrans because it does give me relief.
3 years at home has been a relief for me. Needle area sites takes about 2 hours to disappear. 10 grams per week of Hizentra keeps my level normal and I have not had any infections or illness. The cream is applied 15 minutesbefore the needles and very smooth going in.
I 've been on this med for two weeks.  My dr. Had me start out on one pill a day for one week then two pills on the 2nd week. I am to take these for 6 months. The only side effects I am having are extreme tiredness and nausea. Taking B vitamin complex is helping with that.  I am also starting to lose weight which will help my high Cholesterol.
I have had my Nexplanon implant in since early 2014. I rarely ever experienced spotting, maybe 2 or 3 times this whole time. Never had a period or pregnancy scare. I am due to have it removed early next year since that will be the 3 year mark.  As of last week I started noticing brown &quot;old blood&quot; after intercourse, not much. By this point I have noticed more blood during intercourse which is off putting at that moment.  I 'll be scheduling an appointment with my doctor soon.
After 4 months I thought I was doing quite well on 10mg Brintellix until I had very bad headaches.  MRI imaging demonstrated I had constricted  blood vessels in my brain a second test showed it had reversed itself. My neurologist strongly advised I discontinue this med because SSRI antidepressants can trigger Reversible Vasoconstriction Syndrome which can cause strokes and brain bleeds.  I started Wellbutrin XL 150mg which doesn 't target serotoin I 'm told.  I 'm not doing as well and sometimes think about taking a chance and restarting Brintellix and at least have a better quality of life!  Depression sucks!
One or two tablets does the trick for me.
I have broken bone. This helps a lot with moderate pain and makes that go away completely in a short amount of time, but the more serious pain is always barely relieved. All in all, it helps a lot.
I have been taking Humira now for about 10 years. First started as study patient and still continue to take it.  It has been great.  Recently the cost has been the biggest concern.  I have tried to take injections a month at a time rather then two weeks.  I do not suggest this.  Three weeks at a time seem to work great for me.  After that the pain starts to return.  I am currently researching other medicines so I can stop taking this.  The cost is just too high for me.  Currently the only long term affects I have noticed is shortness of breath, hair loss, occasional dizziness and fatigue/insomnia.  I hope this review helps.
I used Yasmin for over 5 years without any issues. It had no impact on my weight and cleared my skin beautifully - however perhaps gave it a tendency to be a little too dry. When I stopped the pill acne returned very quickly. It worked without any issues as birth control. In the last months, however, I developed nausea to the pills - for some reason simply the thought of taking them gave me nausea, and at some point when I had to take two at the same time I threw up bile the next morning. I continued to take the pills for a little while, but the nausea was clearly associated with them, not any other factor, so eventually I had to switch to a different brand and composition. I would still recommened; they were OK for a long time.
Works for me.  No side effects as far as I can tell.  I use it short term - two-four days until symptoms subside.
1st prescribed &quot;Valium&quot; upon cancer diagnosis.  GP was concerned about my anxiety and especially my ability to sleep with this news.  He was right, sleep nearly impossible.  Pill worked for me, but initially took 10 mg (especially the first night) to have any effect.  I take half a 5mg (2.5 mg) occasionally for general insomnia (had for 10 years before cancer) and especially at night before surgeries/procedures, (8 in &lt; 2 yrs). Afraid to take higher doses because I react poorly to medicines in general and problems with anesthesia the next day. Have to switch off with another medicine when this stops being effective.
I 've been on Lo Loestrin Fe for almost a year now. I really haven 't had very many side effects with it.The one thing that 's been a major problem is inconsistency with my periods, which was a problem before I started taking birth control too. There have been months when I haven 't had a period at all, and others when I 've had a period as well as breakthrough bleeding mid-month. I 'm switching to a pill with a little bit more estrogen in it to see if that will regulate my period better.I haven 't missed any pills, and I take them within two hours of one another everyday. I was initially really worried about nausea being an issue, so I take them at night - but I 've had no problems. I did have some breast tenderness for the first few months, but it 's gone now.
I have been on the generic sertraline for 3 years. I started feeling woozy so they doubled my dose. I am not woozy anymore but I am always tired. I am wondering if there is something out there that doesn 't make me tired that works as well as sertraline.
I started taking this birth control a while back and then stopped after I completed one cycle.  I did have a little weight gain because of the carbohydrate cravings.  Breast tenderness and bloating were also a factor.  Those were my negatives.  The positives for me were age related.  I am over 35 and a non-smoker.  Therefore, the extra vitamin B and folic acid supplements are excellent.  I did stop taking them after the first trial because of the food cravings.  After a few months, I decided to try them again.  I am on a weight loss plan and have loss weight.  I wasn 't significantly overweight from the beginning, but needed to drop about fifteen pounds.  I reached my goal.  My only real concern at this point is will I have the cravings. 
Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn 't on my tension headaches.  Seems to work better than Aspirin and Caffeine alone, but not by much.
I 've RLS for about 5 years. I was on Nupro for about a year and it worked well until the last month, then it was like it made it worse. I 've been on Requip for almost 2 years and have had to up my dose a couple of times. I now take Requip ER in the morning around 11:00am, and take a 2mg pill at 8:00 pm and sleep through most nights.
Overall, the medications I was prescribed by the doctors worked pretty well. I had an awful cough for a little over two weeks, constantly coughing up phlegm, and had horrible wheezing. It says online to try and wait it out for two weeks but since nothing was getting better I went to the doctors. I was prescribed the z pack, a 5 day dose of prednisone, and an inhaler. After about 3 days on the medications there was a significant difference. I no longer was experiencing cough attacks and the amount I was wheezing diminished. I 've been off the medication for 3 days now, and a majority of my bronchitis is gone. I experienced no side effects with any of the medications and am overall happy with the results.
I instantly noticed it took my constant hunger away and lost two pounds after the first week. I just started the 22nd week and feeling a little shaky and hoping it goes
I was using Ortho evera for over 10 years and loved it, then was told I needed to switch to zulane because planned parenthood no longer carries ortho evera. Its been only 2 months and I already have spotting issues on weeks I 'm not supposed to bleed. I 'm seeing a lot of girls having trouble with the patch falling off. Let me give some good advice that has helped me. When you shower, when its time to condition your hair, put in the conditioner and then put your hair up in a clip so  the water doesn 't fall onto the patch. Rinse conditioner out on the opposite side of the patch on your back, as the steam, hot water, and conditioner WILL loosen the adhesive, causing it to fall off.
I am a 59 year old man. I have taken Adderall 30 mg. 3x daily for about 4 years. I am very happy with its performance; it has changed my life. It 's hard for me to imagine all those years of struggling I went through before I was properly diagnosed. I tried Vyvanse 70 mg. for one week. Although it worked in a fashion similar to Adderall, I feel as if I have better control taking the medicine 3 x a day. The Vyvanse would wear off and then come back and start to work again and I found it disconcerting; it was like a roller coaster. With Adderall, I can expect it will begin to wear off after 4-5 hours and I simply take another one, usually before it has lost its effectiveness, and I feel the same all day.
My son, 12, is on 20 mg of Vyvanse.  He is ADHD and has reacted poorly to most of the other stimulants we tried.  The 30 mg caused him to have side effects of stomach pains and emotional irritability and rebound problems.  By switching him to 20 mg he is able to maintain his junior high honors classes and be functionable and focused. By going down to the 20 mg he is able to have a personality and yet not be flicking and annoying people.  Without the medicine he was unable to stay seated at the piano to practice and now he is proficient and can practice on his own without me telling him to sit down every 3 minutes.  It has also been a tremendous self esteem boost.
I waited a week to start because of all the problems people had. I noticed I already had many of these symptoms! So when I started I didn 't really notice anything different. I 've been on it for about a month and have lost 6 pounds. It definitely takes work on my part, and I 'm not constantly thinking about food! I actually put my hand in a big bag of m&amp;m 's and grabbed a handful. I was able to let them go and not eat any!! I was ok with it! I will say though, as HYPOthyroid for many years, suddenly my thyroid was working TOO well! My thyroid meds had to be lowered. I 've never had that happen. Other than that, I feel ok and need to keep going! Good luck all!
I started this medicine after my 3rd child and severe post-partum psychosis followed brought on my insomnia.  My hormones were so whack, that I literally didn 't sleep for about 2 months.  I was hallucinating and everything.  My baby was great, but I just didn 't sleep. I tried Benadryl, Ambien, anti-depressants. Long story short, I ended up in a behavior unit and the doctors saved my life with Seroquel for sleep. They gave me 300mg of Seroquel, Risperdal  and 1mg of Klonopin for about 4 days.  I felt like a new person!  I slept all 4 days and felt normal again.  I weaned off everything except Seroquel and take between 100 and 125mg every night.  I hate having to take it, but I feel so good everyday from having slept 7-8hrs the night before.
I am on 30mg twice daily for depression and fibromyalgia. I have been extremely fatigued! I am also having episodes of doing things and not remembering and also passed out on the floor, but have no recollection of anything. All I want to do is sleep and if not for having a toddler at home and three children that I have to get off to school and one to work, I would probably just stay in bed sleeping all day and night. I 'm hoping that this side effect wears off soon because otherwise they are helping a lot with my mood and depression. I was on Wellbutrin and it wasn 't working, I had extreme episodes of crying and anger issues.
I got my implant inserted in Nov. of 2014. Throughout the year my periods have been great!! I would go one month with a regular 6 day period then 1-2 months no period then back to a regular 6 day period another month. Unilt 3 weeks ago!on 09/11/2015 I start bleeding, which I though was just going to be a 6 day regular period. Boy was I wrong. Today is now 09/22/2015 and I am still bleeding. Out of all 3 weeks I had like 2 days where I was spotting, then the next day after I was spotting I went to heavy! I have made an appt to get the implant out because I can not take any more bleeding.
I started taking this pill about six weeks ago. The first couple of weeks I had abit of bleeding but I think that was partly my fault, not taking it at exactly the same time each day but since I have and all as been well. My boobs seem quite sensitive but larger, so cannot complain. All in all I cannot fault it, no spots, headaches or noticeable weight gain as yet.
I have had the Mirena for almost a year, The doctor I had was amazing and explained it perfectly to. Worse pain for about one second and a break and then even worse pain for about 1 more second. You can seriously count to 1 and it 's over. I am someone that got extreme cramps before, and my cramping was bad first three months I spotted and cramped and hated it! But my bf (a doctor) told me to give it three months then decide so I did! And I 'm very happy I did. My only concern is I 've gained 45 lbs since the insertion, I 'm not sure at this point why? 4 months now I have changed my diet and work with a personal trainer 3-5 times a week.  Fingers crossed I get my body back!!
At times had terrible urgency, very problematic on travel and even daily life, meeting, traffic etc. Started with Vesicare, which worked quite well, but seemed to reach a plateau. I then started on Sanctura about 5-6 weeks ago. It seems to be even better for me than Vesicare. Very happy with it so far, even though I still not consider myself normal quite yet but any improvement is great. Compared to before the drugs, the improvement is fantastic, my best recommendations for this drug.
I have tried Celexa for about 9 days now. As a medical professional, I was not sure about starting a new medicine that could potentially interfere with my memory or sleeping habits, however after realizing that was living everyday as if something bad would happen, worrying about the minimal thing and almost having a panic attack, I just sought medical help. The most annoying part was a nervous tic that now I realize I had for years but exacerbated significantly for the last month, specially when I was stressed out.  The medicine is started to act now, I feel more relaxed and do not worry about everything. I do feel sleepy in the afternoon but can function normally. My doctor said he will adjust the dose. The best thing: the tic is going away!
Very helpful medicine.
I was on Mirena and decided to try this. I don 't like taking pills, because they cause headaches. I got it put in last November 2012. I had immediately 4 days of heavy bleeding, then no bleeding at all until 2 Weeks ago I started spotting and it hasn 't stopped. I 'm not Moody, no crampy, no weight gain, no acne, basically nothing other than spotting now (very dark, and I keep a liner on everyday).
I was put on Vyvanse after my doctor diagnosed me with binge-eating disorder. Before this drug I struggled for 6 years battling this eating disorder and gaining pounds along the way. Almost 2 years later and with the help of this medication I have lost over 100pounds. I feel great, this medication should be watched and used properly. My doctor was great about letting me know that it could make me stop eating all together.
Positive mood changes after using for several weeks.  However, on this medication sex drive is practically non-existent for me (Male).
Seizures decreased in frequecy.  Partial seizures. But there was one day of uncontrollable,uncomfortable side effects or a seizure of a different type.  I had trouble organizing thoughts,couldn 't come up with certain words,and felt extremely hostile at times.  Never want to have those feelings again.  They were very strong and uncontronablle.
I was prescribed  145mcg of Linzess 10 minutes before breakfast.   My first dose resulted in severe diarrhea for the rest of the day.  I have since learned to divide the dose in half and taking it every other day.  Since doing this my experience has been great.  I usually will have two or three very loose BM ' 's within 2 or 3 hours and then it 's over.   I am very happy taking this medicine because I have gotten seriously sick from my chronic constipation.  Now I can take Linzess as I need it.  Dividing it is a chore because is such a small amount but since my insurance won 't cover the 72 mcg dose I have no choice.
I have been on various anti depressants since my late teens. Everything 's from fluoxetine citalopram, clomipramine and in a full breakdown; a combination of mirtazapine and Effexor. It was this last one which took me sky high and so I stopped, also due to 30kg weight gain. After a couple of months I was suicidal and because I was diagnosed with bipolar since the mania on the antidepressants I was recommended going on to a cocktail of quetiapine, depakote and lithium. No way was I taking that with the side effects and the horror stories about weight gain as I 've lost the 30kg in weight I put on. Lamotrigine I heard was the only one for helping without the weight gain so I gave it a go. It took about 2 months but it works a treat now on 300mg
Every since a traumatic experience at a dentist when I was a teen, I have been a mess whenever I went to the dentist.  Consequently, I did not go as consistent at I should have.  When I made a determination to go back, I wept in the chair.  My dentist asked me if anyone has every sedated me before treatment and I replied no.  He recommended and prescribed Halcion 1 hour before treatment.  I am no longer afraid to go to the dentist!  I wish this would have been an option sooner than later.Thank you!
This medicine undoubtedly will calm you down and help keep either chronic or acute anxiety at bay. Over time a tolerance builds; however, after several years, I have switched to 1mg tablets as needed from 2mg daily, and I still feel the relief. I, ironically, take Xanax to deal with the anxiety of caring for a close friend who his in addiction recovery from abuse of Xanax. This person never though it could and would happen to them; they were wealthy and responsible. Anyone can fall victim to addiction, through no fault of their own. The pain, withdrawal, abusing it to get  'high '. Just reminding everyone it can happen, to be safe, and that doctors are very hesitant to prescribe. When take correctly and as indicated, the relief is unparrelled
Lyrica is about as effective as opiates without the baggage that comes with the latter.  Lyrica has it 's own side effects for me while working up to 450 mg/day including a floaty spaced out sensation, INSANE appetite, and constipation - these side effects largely disappeared at the 2-week point. Pain relief was fairly quick, at about the third or fourth day.
I started taking 40mg Lexapro daily about 6 years ago after several suicide attempts. It must be working because I 'm still here but I still struggle with anxiety though it is more manageable with the Lexapro than without it.
I was recently diagnosed with anxiety, like 1 month ago. I really thought I was going to die, anxiety was the worst thing that ever happened to me, it frustrated me to hear the doctors say just deep breath your not going to die, like they truly didn 't understand the feeling, anxiety is the worst feeling ever, I cried 3 days straight constantly feeling like the air was being taken from me and just depressed it was hard to describe the amount of emotions I felt. My doctor prescribed this medication and to be honest it 's the best thing that ever happened to me. From now and then I can feel my chest tightening but never as severe. I just want to let those who feel helpless know if I got through it you can to be strong you can do it
I 'm 17 years old and I 've been diagnosed with depression. I went to my GP and he prescribed me Fluoxetine. I 've been on for about 3 months now, and I love them. I don 't cry anymore but fluoxetine has made me alot more tired and restless. Also I found my skin was looking a lot nicer and it was so clear and zit free.
Lower back pain gone after 1st day of this medicine. Nausea is horrible - taking phenegran to offset nausea. I 'm lethargic and resting. This stuff must be strong - but I 'd take bed rest and nausea over a knife in my back anyway!!! I 'm on 2X daily WITH FOOD for 5 days. I 'm on day 3.
Seems to be working pretty well, but it 's hard to keep in place for 12 hours on my back while still trying to go about some normal activity.  Probably needs more adhesive.
My first review ever. My derm prescribed tretinion cream after  1 year of low-dose oral isotretinoin. Isotretinoin obliterated big acne; worked for me-otherwise I need to take birth control pills forever. Now almost   4 months on tretinoin cream (started with 0.025,now 0.05); I look better in my 30s than my 20s. Acne scars still look bad look under certain light,but it had been frankenstien. Occasional one to two hormonal acne spots -nothing compared to the past. Dots of pigmentation fading. Routine sunscreen(day) and tretinoin cream (night). Wash with plain johnsons bar. Light peeling-use damp cloth when washing. NEVER EVER leave home without sunscreen. Wished I 've done these a decade ago.
I used this medication in  '94/ '95 and in  '97/ '98 to treat major depressive episodes. It was the first antidepressant I ever tried, and it worked wonders the first time I used it. I could sleep and eat again, depression was gone within 2-3 weeks, no side effects. I was given amitriptyline again in  '97/ '98 after months of trying several newer anti-depressants which doctors were convinced would be better, even though I told them amitriptyline had worked for me previously. It worked very well then too, but I developed side effects (irregular heart rhythm.) I chose to take beta blockers along with amitriptyline so I could complete the course of treatment.
I found Cymbalta to be a miracle for me.  Within a week of taking it most of my aches and pains disappeared and even my massage therapist stated she noticed a big difference.  The problem was the side effects of sexual dysfunction and dry mouth.  I added Wellbutrin and love that medication as it greatly improved my mood, but still did not help with the sexual dysfunction.  I am now on Lamotrigine and Wellbutrin but the pains in my joints worsened unbelievably, intolerable really.  I think I will be dropping the Lamotrigine and going back to the Cymbalta, and just put up with the side effects.
Hello everyone, I started this birth control back in January of 2016.  I needed to take birth control because I just started a new relationship. Anyway, when I first took Microgestin 1/20 and after a few months of taking it (about 6 months) I went to my doctor and she gave me 1.5/30. The reason why I went to my doctor is because my periods were not regular with the 1/20. I would get my period sometimes and it was my emotions were out of control.  My doctor recommended 1.5/30. My first few months of 1.5/30 were good. I was more emotional, easily frustrated, moody, etc. Thats to be expected though. Now I am a year in with the birth control and I can say that everything is going good so far. Periods are regular, and no baby!
I am 21 and this is my first birth control pill since I got married. I 've been taking it for 3 months or so. For me, it does an extremely good job with controlling my heavy periods, decreased cramps, bloating, fatique...etc etc. My periods are super stable and significantly less painful. However, the side effects I have gotten are decreased sex drive and mood swings. Even though this is only two side effects, it really affects my marriage (go figure). I am stopping this pill soon because I cannot stand the how emotionally unstable I am!
This medication is a God send. If I didn 't get put on this my life would still be upside down. It makes you sleepy a lot of the time.
Been on it for five months. At first, didn 't notice any change. Now I find myself daydreaming less. Concentration hasn 't improved much, but I 'm less impulsive and think things through more than I used to. Instead of having thousands of thoughts at once, I now only have hundreds. I like it it helps me.
I have just started taking this medication but wanted to share my thoughts so far. I do find myself very energetic and ready to work out. And if you are looking to get this med cheaper I found a coupon for ten dollars 
I 'm not sure if I exactly needed Plan B, but I stressed after reading forums about pre cum having sperm in it, so I bought it and took it 27 hours after the unprotected sex. I was so worried but once I got my period I thought that I probably had nothing to worry about in my situation. So I 'm writing this review to share my symptoms to those who like me were worried I didn 't get many of the symptoms. So my symptoms started about the next day after taking Plan B. I was bloated, and I felt a pain near my left ovary, cramping, and breast tenderness. I did not spot up until my period came which was a little under 2 weeks since taking the pill. I hope this helps you in your quest to see if you could be pregnant.
I have been on this drug for around 6 months for depression. Aside from the side effect facial odema (after 2 weeks so mild you wouldn 't know it 's there) this drug has been perfect for me. It has improved my mood a lot.To begin with I was able to sleep perfectly. Taken with quetiapine (400mg) I was getting over 8 hours a night for the first month or two. However now that effect has gone and I 'm needing benzodiazepines to get any sleep at all.The weight gain has been a blessing too. Before mirtazapine I lost 14kg in a month. I 'm now nearly back to my previous weight, though again the quetiapine may have something to do with it. While 4 months into it I lost my appetite again, I 'm still eating and that 's the most important part.
I had 3 UTIs this year so far, first in February, got cephalexin prescribed, for 7 days .. It returned in June, got prescribed ciprofloxacin for 5 days... It had returned in August... I asked the doctor why this is happening?? She said they prescribed me the wrong drug at first time, the first drug was resistant to the bacteria I had. (Really? Why do we pay doctors for???) so i got Bactrim DS prescribed now, I 'm on day 3, got for 5 days. I weight 100 pounds, so I try to take the pill with activitia and yakult, that helps with the upset stomach. I felt as side effects, dry mouth (because dehydrate you), loss of appetite, tiredness, fast heart beating. Hope this works for me, can 't be sick anymore because of doctor mistake!!!
I started using micronor because I heard it lacked estrogen and I heard it was a healthier method of birth control. I 'm surprised by all the poor reviews because I had absolutely no problem with this pill. I 'm 5&quot;4 and 120 pounds, and I never work out. I had no weight gain, no depression/moodiness, no lowered Lobito, etc. So don 't get scared off by the reviews, everybody 's different. I combined this medication with a condom, because I 've heard its common to get pregnant on this pill. For that reason I 'm ending my use this month (after 8-9 months) and switching to the combined pill Alesse, because I wanna try condomless sex with my partner. Give it a try :) you can always stop using it if you have issues.
I am a 20 year old college student who was working full time when I started taking this medicine, Vyvanse. At the time when I was first given this medicine I was about 140lbs and I 'm 5 '7&quot;. And after about 4 months of taking the Vyvanse I weighed anywhere between 115-120lbs. Not good! The medicine made me totally not eat and run around like I was on drugs and couldn 't sit still. I became so skinny I could see all of my ribs. I also felt like I had lost all emotions and the relationship with my parents were harmed because of this. I think part of the problem was the doctor just upping my dose whenever he felt like it and not being very responsible. But I just want to warn anyone who is thinking about taking Vyvanse to be careful and have a doctor who cares.
I 've been on this pill for several years now. I used to get debilitating cramps and ovarian cysts that put me in the hospital. So I love the pill for that...but now, the pill is the reason for my dead sex drive. And I don 't know what to do. I have spoken to my doctor and my obgyn, and nobody seems to care enough to help me. I hate condoms, I can 't feel anything. Just frustrated now...
Although Drysol does work it is also very painful for me. When I apply and even hours after, I have pain in my armpits. They are completely bumpy with red rashes and the burning is the worst part. The morning after I apply it , the redness dies down and so does the pain. The sweating does go away and this product would be perfect without the horrible side effects it gives me! Overall I feel that the product is not worth the pain I go through when and after applying.
Started Rapaflo three days ago.  Stream improved after first day.  Retrograde ejaculation today.  Some stuffy nose and some bloating stomach pain in evening.  Debating whether to continue.  Generally don 't like medicines and do not take anything else.  Would like to have Benign Prostate Hyperplasia corrected surgically but am afraid.  Will give the medicine a little longer before deciding next course of action.
I have been on this pill for 3 months now and I LOVE IT! At first my moods were wacky and my boobs hurt really bad but I 'm finally adjusted and it 's amazing. No accidental pregnancy. And LIGHTER PERIODS!! This pill is a winner in my book.
I think this is the only antipsychotic that has worked for me. I was on risperdal previously and it didn 't work that well except that I made good friends and was nice usually but I was always really paranoid or psychotic when I 'd do all nighters for school and thought there was a serial killer outside the window. invega is much better though and I don 't get that paranoia anymore or the really scary type of paranoia anymore although I get scared sometimes but it doesn 't stop me from doing things. I 'm on 12 mg of invega and 300 mg of lamictal. Im not doing the best because the lamictal should be at 400 mg to be optimal. I wasn 't able to tolerate too high of a dose of invega at first because it made me really tired&amp; sleep all day but I can now
I am only putting this out here so it can help others that have been or are in my same situation. I was seen 4 days ago for which I thought was a UTI. It was extremely painful and they prescribed be Bactrim, a 3 day supply. After taking 3 pills I was getting worse. My doctor finally called me back and wanted me in right away. I had literally no control over my bladder. I was in excruciating pain, and couldn 't help but cry. The doctor told me I had tested positive for an STD as well as a UTI and I was on the wrong medication. I was given the Rocephin shot and prescribed another antiobiotic. It is now day 2 since the shot and I feel much better. I 'm still in some pain but I 'm hoping it goes away soon!
i got skyla inserted back in october of 2015. Cramped a bit during insertion but it wasnt a big deal. Didnt bleed at all until my period. Period was much lighter than normal but spotted for a whole month after. Then got my period again but finally spotting subsided after my normal period. My periods now are much lighter than before.. spotting for the first two days, then two days of regular bleeding, and then another 2 to three days of spotting. I love that I don 't have to worry now about birth control and even if i forget that it 's that time of the month, the flow is so manageable that even when it comes unsuspectingly, its not a big mess. I love not having to worry about birth control and its making my periods shorter and lighter.
I love Maxalt my doctor gave it to me about 4 months ago. After years of no relief my migraine was gone in 20 minutes! I admit I get extremely sleepy after I take it but a 1 hour nap and I 'm back in business. Much better then four days of blinding pain that 's for sure it is very expensive but I contacted my local clinic and they had me fill out some forms and received a free 6 month supply at which time I can reapply. You can also try contacting the company online they may help depending on your income.
The taste is dreadful. I actually couldn 't get the last swallow of the first dose down, but did get the 32 ounces of water down over a period of time. I am very thin, so drinking all of this took time. It took me 45 minutes to get the first dose down, seriously it made me want to hurl. Then it took the prep about 2 hours to start working.....as I type this it is still working and it 's been close to an hour now. To borrow a line from the movie, &quot;Bridesmaids&quot;, &quot;it 's pouring out of me like molten lava!&quot; So yes, this definitely works. Not looking forward to the next dose and praying it doesn 't take so long to work.
First time I took Phentermine years back, I lost 40lbs in 2 months;  starting weight was 189 in about 3-4 months later went down to 129lbs I had no appetite, I would have to force myself to eat, the pounds came off so rapidly, people thought I was sick. Now back on it again after gaining it all back after 8 years time. Now started Phentermine again about 3 weeks ago, weighed 213 now down to 195 .. It really works!!! And first time users gets better results, because it 's not as effective as it was the first time, but still works.
I used this in conjunction with Clenia. It worked great for about a year and now doesn 't seem to do anything.
Well, got a call at 11am from a nurse that one of my partners has tested positive for chlamydia. I freaked out a little cause you know, STDs are gross and sometimes killer. Well 6:30pm rolls around and I go see a doctor, I 'm given 4 pills and I take them in the doctors office. I 'm sent home and I feel fine. here I am all happy (LOL) minding my own business. It 's now 8:15pm and I 'm cramping like mad. I freaked out cause I thought my IUD was expelling or something cause those cramps were the worst. At this very moment I am telling you this news from the comfort of my toilet. The diarrhea has stopped (thanks immodium) and I vow to use condoms 100% of every time. Now I just wonder if I 'll get a yeast infection from this (bleh)
My doctor prescribed me Topamax as a preventative measure for my common migraines.  It helped with my headaches really well.  I used to get migraines at least a dozen times a month and this medicine allowed me to only have 2 headaches in the month that I took it.  I stopped taking it, however, because I felt so out of it.  I felt like a space cadet.  It also made me very moody.  Everything irritated and bothered me.  I didn 't think those feelings were worth continuing with the prescription.  I would suggest trying it, as those effects, from what I understand, are rare.  And, I have to say that I didn 't get migraines for a few months after I stopped taking it.  So that was a bonus.  As a side note, it does make soft drinks taste  'flat '.
I have used the Ortho Evra patch 2 years ago and I loved it, did not fall pregnant and had no side effects, but I went back to using it again six(6) months ago, my sex drive has drastically dropped and suffering from vaginal dryness for the past 3 months.
I 'm starting my 2nd month of this birth control, so it 's not quite enough time to determine if it 's amazing yet or not, however the first month is usually the worst.  I was on Orho Evra for almost a month, when I began experiencing horrible side effects and so my doctor switched me to Loestrin 24 Fe.  The main reason I 'm taking it is because I have very heavy periods that last for 7 days, which leads to extreme cramps and nausea as well as feeling faint.  The first month taking this went extremely well.  I didn 't have any spotting, my period started as soon as I took the brown pills and ended once I took the white pill again.  Side Effects: headache, nausea, moodyness, bloating, diarrhea.
My son is now going on 9 we started out with adderall 5mg XR at age 5... as he got older we adjusted and went to 5mg twice a day, however!!  There were massive side effects with the Adderall mainly moods anger frustration among many others that I noticed at the age of seven we then started Focalin ,  however when we started the Focalin my son was put on a 20 mg dose to start extended release capsule he took the medication went to school and every day after lunch when the second those kicked in he would constantly have massive rage massive hallucination massive amounts of itching breakouts among other things..... The 20 mg XR was way to strong for him. We downgraded to a 10mg XR with a 2.5mg immediate release for back. Best decision we 've made
I 'm 30 years old and have been smoking for about 14 years now. Two years in a row, I 've had bronchitis or some kind of respiratory infection. I smoked Newports about a pack a day. It 's my 2nd week on Chantix, and already I can feel less and less cravings. Usually I wake up and go right for a cigarette, and today I woke up and it took about 3 hours for me to realize I haven 't smoked and just did it out of habit. When I 'm working my 12 hours at the hospital, I can now go my full 12 without craving. That was never possible before! I 'm only giving it an 8 because I hear for some people, side effects kick in bad around 3-4 weeks. I 've been nauseas once but other than that, nothing. I really hope this is it for me! So far I 'm feeling hopeful!!
I tried this medicine and it cured my depression within a matter of days. I felt great and was seeing the world in a different light. Good energy and  just felt good in general. Problem is I couldn 't sleep. I was on 15 mg. I adjusted the dose down to 10 mg and the antidepressant effects were gone. I had to stop a great medicine due to insomnia.
No side effects with my first infusion 2 yrs ago. However, I did get high blood pressure within 6 monthss of receiving infusion. Blood pressure was normal to low prior to infusion.
I have been experiencing headaches and before using Orthocept I rarely got headaches, I 've also experienced dark spotting for two weeks leading up to my period. I 'm very moody now and am very easily frustrated. I get tired as early as 8 at night now (before the pill I could stay up until 2 a.m. If I even went to sleep) and am no longer a morning person. I 'm hungry more and am gaining weight but luckily in the right places. My breasts are noticeably growing. My libido has also increased and I 'm not pregnant so it 's working ok.
I started taking this medicine this past Friday. I have been up for the last two nights every hour on the hour! Please tell me that this will go away. I have also had a headache for the last two days. I stopped drinking caffeine so maybe that why. I 'm ready to lose this weight! I 'm 31 and 195 lbs my goal is to lose 50 lbs.
I 'm on a very low dose -- 5mg/day -- but have had success until recently. I have never had any side effects or ever felt &quot;drugged&quot;.  It just reduced my anxiety and tendency toward agoraphobia. Recently the agoraphobia has been winning so I have contacted my Doctor to either raise my dose or try a different medication.  I just can 't get myself out the door;  it 's like walking to the end of a high diving board. Stress and panic increases as I get to the end, then the horrible fall like I 'm having a heart attack.  Finally floating in the water I am actually fine, and even enjoy myself.  
I started Apri a year and 4 months ago. When I first started, I was 175. I 'm currently 210. My appetite has increased tremendously. It doesn 't make me very moody, although I was depressed for a couple of months (maybe that could have been due to school). I 've missed as many as 3 days and was still fine. My sex drive has decreased just a little, but nothing too major. My cycle is very regular and only lasts 3-4 days. I cramp, but not every cycle. Overall, it 's decent.
I am new to the birth control but I 'm 18 years old and decided to give it a try. I have pretty bad acne and I heard that this pill could help. For the first two weeks my acne was a lot worse but I 'm on the third week now and it 's all cleared up now. I take the pill at night so I don 't get tired during the day and it helps me sleep like a baby! I didn 't have any nausea or mood swings, although a few times I have gotten more aggravated at little things people do. I was super horny the first week but that has dialed down a little bit but not enough that I have no sex drive. I have been a little bloated but I haven 't gained weight. I wish that my breats would grow more than they have. All in all, a great pill for me.
After a year on Sporanox, my badly infected and painful toenail grew out. Odd part is having the infected toenail and other, minor, medical conditions for 30 years; Sporanox cleared up many other conditions. The doctors said not possible, however, I know there is a connection.  Heart arrhythmia, gone; non healing nose/anal fissures, gone; facial/scalp/pubic psoriasis plus mucus membrane inflammation gone for treatment duration, but back after year.  A year later, the original nails were still clear, but different nail infected with peeling, scaly, skin across 1/3 of my foot.  Strangely it didn 't get worse.  Back on Sporanox. Seems to be clearing both conditions. The returning problems above also vanished when restarting Sporanox.
I cannot take antidepressants, so I was put n Xanax and then Ativan as needed. I have general anxiety without anxiety attacks and sleep okay but wake early. Dr. Recommended Clonazepam to take as needed. I take 0.5 mg. most days plus at night. Takes the edge of daytime anxiety and helps me sleep well at night. Dr. Said that the low dose I take should not cause problems if I stop and I have no withdrawal symptoms if I do not take any. I also do regular exercise which greatly helps my anxiety and a drink at night can help too.
I have been on Risperdal Costa for over two years now and find it to be a life saver. I feel like I have my life back in order and my mind back in order. The only side effects I have experienced are decreased sex drive and weight gain.
Aching or discomfort in the lower legs or sensation of crawling in the legs, unusual tiredness or weakness, dizziness, faintness, or lightheadedness when getting up suddenly from a lying or sitting position, muscle pain or cramps.
I got my liletta May 28th, 2017. I have never been pregnant or had sex before, so insertion was uncomfortable and painful. The pinch on the cervix hurt, but the foreign object holding open my vaginal opening hurt more for me. Post insertion, pain subsided after about 45 minutes and I felt fine. I was mid-menstrual cycle when I got mine inserted. Days following, cramps began to develop every day and light bleeding followed.  I lost my appetite, and felt sleepy all the time. Light bleeding (only had to use light tampons) was consistent and cramps got worse and occurred every day. (Cramps are the worst part by far) At about 2.5 weeks after insertion, I began to feel some mood swings and had acne breakout. Symptoms still occurring 5 weeks out.
I started Trulicity 0.75mg in December of 2015 along with 1500mg of metformin. My A1C was 9.3 at that time. My weight was 170lbs. It is now July 2016, my A1C is 6.2 and my weight is 145lbs. I lost a lot of weight, simply because I don 't eat much now. Trulicity definitely helped with A1C and weight loss, but it totally destroyed my appetite. For this reason, I feel tired, fatigued, dizzy and lightheaded. My doctor reduced my metformin to 500mg a day extended release. I was taking the regular metformin before, will see how I do with 1 a day 500mg extended release...Diabetes totally sucks! Ughhh. I hope they find a cure for it soon. Best wishes and good luck everyone! I will update you on how I do with this new change.
After each of my rituxan infusuion I feel nauseated, extremely tired, and headache for anywhere 5 days to week. Is that normal? Works great for RA though so definitely worth it!
This drug was prescribed to after ritilin didn 't work well. This medication helped my ADHD but the side affects were unbearable. Cotton mouth, irritability, anxiety, panic attacks. I seemed like the cons outweighed the pros. Much more successful than ritilin but not enough. My doctor decided to try Vyvanse, a new version of adderall with less side effects and better outcomes for treatment plus no crash after dinner 
Helps to relieve the sharp pains in my big toe joints when the arthritis flares up.
Took Lipitor for about 5 years.  It kept my lipids under control well, but developed severe leg aching and muscle cramps, especially at night.  Went off it and within a week, all these reactions disappeared.
This was the first birth control pill I went on, and I wish I never stopped. I 've been on like 4-5 other types but this one has been the best so far from my experience. The only downside was gaining 5 pounds, but it wasn 't noticeable at all. If my current pill doesn 't work out, I will be requested a prescription for Desogen again.
Worked very well during pregnancy. Helped me get through the day.
I 'm 24 and have been taking Pristiq for about 6 weeks now. The first 3 weeks were hell. I went through horrible emotional spells. I would cry then get angry for no reason. I would just want to be left alone. My husband and my family were so worried about me. I wasn 't myself at all, my mood changed so frequently. Now I am feeling balanced - I haven 't had an anxiety attack for about 4 weeks now. I never thought I would get here. The only thing I am experiencing now is trouble sleeping but that 's been going on a while, and a slight decrease in my sex drive. If that doesn 't change in the next couple of weeks my doctor wants to put me on Wellbutrin, we 'll see how that goes.
I have be type 2 for almost 9 months.  I inject Trisiba once a night  and take 2000 mg of Metformin a day (100 mg twice a day)  I was taking Jenuvia, but that made me feel very sick.  The T shot took its place and has allowed me to take less units of insulin, thus helping me lose weight. I 've been doing the T shot for 2 months now.  the first 2 shots were BAD.  Every possible side effect. The sulfur burps and the diarrhea were HORRIBLE.   I stuck it out and it seemed to level out.  Some time I get REALLY nauseated and cannot eat.  Other times I get really tired and some blurry vision on occasion ( I think maybe 3 times in 2 months) The trick is to drink lots of fluids and have your Dr. prescribe a medical grade antacid and it will be great!
I have stoped taking glucophage 3 mounths ago and i have gained 3kg please help
I have had bad headaches for about 20 yrs. I have taken Migraine medications ( no luck )I was finally diagnosed having tension combination migraines fioricet # 3 or fiorinal #3 have worked the best.
Have had a sinus infection for two weeks with a round of azithromycin that didn 't work. My doctor prescribed Avelox and I was pretty scared after reading some of the side effects others have had. I 'm on day 4 and my sinus infection is so much better and the coughing from my bronchitis is almost gone.  So much better!  Only side effect is not being able to fall asleep.
Diagnosed in 1992 ADHD &amp; prescribed Ritalin. Before I took Ritalin, I was forgetful, daydreamed, moody, couldn 't focus for long, did soft drugs, drank alcohol, smoked cigs., and was negative minded. Now, I do none of the above. It makes me feel motivated to go to work, everyday, and I read novels from page 1 to the last page. Before, I never had the patience  to read past page 1. My Doc. prescribes me 60 mg. per day. To start my day, I take 1- SR20mg. with 1-10mg; then 4hrs. later, I take 1-10mg.; then 4hrs. later I take 1-SR20mg. The problem is, after the first 8hrs., I know I need a 10mg. for the next 4hrs. But my Doc. won 't prescribe me over 60mg. per day cause he thinks that is the max. per day allowed. Any suggestions?
Flagyl works, didn 't get any nasty side effects except maybe constipation. Otherwise great.
Have periodic leg and foot pain due to being on them for 10+ a day.  It works well but takes about 2 hours to kick in.  Have used Lortab but feel crappy the next day
I 'm on my 10th day now yes they don 't stick but if you get a bandaid type tape it will stick.  It 's not expensive - I haven 't had a hit or a cigarette. And I 've never felt better.
Definitely helped with vertigo. Made me very sleepy.
I have been using Benicar for 1 week. So far the only side effect I have had with Benicar is excessive thirst. My blood pressure is now 113/75.
Pristiq definitely works. Psychiatry also works. I was in severe severe depression due to cyberchondria introduced by googling symptom of hiv after a zero risk episode. I fell into major depressive disorder with depersonalization and derealization. I started taking Pristiq and it took really long to kick in. It took me two months to feel normal. No happy high no sadness...just my usual normal. The best part is the anxiety and depression reduces day by day and after 2 months you will feel the cloud lifting. The worst side effects are extreme sleep, fatigue and very very very weird vivid dreams. I don 't know if I have to take this for the rest of my life but it definitely reduces symptoms of depression and anxiety. I am enjoying my time now.
Just some of my background so some of you can relate: I 'm 115lbs, 23 years old, in my third month of taking Try Cyclen which is the first BC I ever went on. So far thank God no pregnancies, although increased amount of discharge and I got a vaginal infection which I never had before and that was strange. At first I gained weight and my breasts went up a size which was great but now I 'm back to loosing a lot of weight. Yes mood swings have increased but I was always emotional and thought of myself as someone with depression lol so you guys really have to be careful about what is really considered to be called depression. Periods have stayed the same, just a little bit more regulated which is also a plus. So far no drastic changes.
&quot;Been on amitriptyline for 2 weeks for nerve pain following MRI scan, which revealed a soft disc touching main nerve. It has reduced discomfort from an 9 to a 3 most days. I take 2x10 mg at night and other than some grogginess the first 3-4 days, . I sleep well on it too.&quot;
Have been on this drug for the full four weeks now.  I 've noticed in an improvement in my energy and mood.  The muscle pains have all but gone too.  I did have sweating/hot flashes with it but those are better now.  Luckily my insurance covers it but it 's still $60/month.I also noticed the increased heart rate so I quit drinking caffeine during the day and keep my beer/wine consumption down a lot.  Increase your intake of water as that helps with the head pounding feeling.  I also take Ambien so my sleep has not suffered.  Consider taking something to help you sleep, at least until you get used to the medication.
I have been on this pill for almost a year now. It does its job in that I have not gotten pregnant and it does give me a regular period (when I 'm not on birth control, I rarely get periods). However, I have pretty much no sex drive whatsoever and am very dry. This is quite troublesome, and I will be looking for a new pill soon.
I started taking this med 15 years ago. Have had to take a reflux tablet too since commencing this but unsure if it was related. All in all has kept my Bp in normal range. Just starting to get slight raises now in Bp after 15 years.
I started this pill with the intent of settling my hormonal acne and it worked WONDERS! My skin is very clear and my periods are right on time and light. However, I am switching to a different pill as a trial because of the emotional side effects this has given me. My mental PMS is much worse and I find myself very depressed often. I 've also gained 5-10 pounds and it 's harder for me to lose weight, but nothing significant. I 've also noticed a slight decrease in sex drive if that 's what you 're into. However, there are ups and downs to all birth controls, if the next one I try isn 't good then I am definitely going back to Ortho Tri-Cyclen lo because it 's overall been reliable.
I have been using nuva ring for 6 months now after switching from the pill for 5 years. I have mixed emotions about nuva ring. I love the fact that it is very convenient and I never have to worry about taking a pill on time every day. I hardly have to thinkg about and most of the time I don&rsquo;t feel the ring at all, occasionally it slips down and I just have to push it back up- not a big deal. My periods actually seem heavier and last longer than what I experienced with the pill. I&rsquo;m hoping with continued use, they won&rsquo;t be as bad. Also, nuva ring is pretty expensive, I wish there was a generic version on the market. The biggest draw back for me is my diminished sex drive. My fianc&eacute; and I went from having sex at least 4-5 times a week to maybe once a week and that&rsquo;s because I force myself to. I&rsquo;m seriously considering switching back to the pill solely because of this. Other than the decreased sex drive, I haven&rsquo;t experienced any other side effects like weight gain or moodiness.
I 've had the Paragard for 3.5 years. It 's great for women who want/need a hormone free birth control.  It is pretty expensive if your insurance doesn 't cover it, so I 'm sure that 's a major factor for a lot of women. If I didn 't want to be hormone free, I think the Mirena would be better for me. Insertion was painful...don 't make any plans the rest of the day and have someone nearby to whine to and do stuff for you. And ibuprofen is necessary when I 'm cramping from my period/ovulation. But it 's worth it for me and I 'd recommend it.
I was on Microgestin for about half a year when my insurance made me choose between paying or switching to Blisovi. I chose Blisovi and only after being on another birth control did I truly recognize how amazing Microgestin is. It stopped my horrible cramps and excessively heavy and long periods in their tracks and gave me my life back. I 've never experienced any negative side effects on it. The only bad thing I can say is it almost works a little too good, as in my periods pretty much disappeared. It 's weird to go from a week long blood bath to like an hour-long spot of blood as your period, but hey beggars can 't be choosers! I don 't care, I 'll pay to stay on Microgestin than that horrible Blisovi!
I developed very sudden urges and discomfort which I thought was a UTI. After many cultures and a negative diagnosis it took 5 months of sheer misery for anyone to tell me I might have IC I am in my 60s this was all new for me. The spasms and urgency are through the roof yet no infection is present. Without Uribel, my life would be unmanageable. As it is, I still can 't leave the house too often, but Uribel takes away a lot of the discomfort. I have no idea how or why this happened to me, but at least this medication makes life a little more bearable. The only problem that it may present is that I have developed an inflammation in the public/vaginal area that may be an allergy to this medication. Tests show nothing but inflammation.
Taking 1-2mg as needed for panic disorder. I try to limit taking it 2, 3 times a week and only when my anxiety is so bad I can not cope with it on my own. I do not want to be on antidepressants because of the side effects so this is a great option for me.
I was diagnosed wit Ulcerative Colitis 3 years ago after being on several different meds for it. My doc and I decided to try Remicade.. it works fine I think but the side effect for me was diarrhea. Plus the cost I just couldn 't afford it any longer. I am back on Asacol.
After taking this medicine for six months now I feel much better I have a lot more energy I could think more clear. However when I first started it I had headaches for the first month and still to this day I sweat excessively but it 's worth the side effects to know that my head is clear and my anxiety is half of what it used to be.
My insomnia has gotten gradually worse for the past 5 years (I 'm in my early 50s). Never had a problem falling asleep, but wouldn 't sleep longer than 4 hours before I would wake up feeling almost wide awake. Then I would lie awake for a few hours, by then I would doze for up to an hour before it would be time to get up. My Dr. had me on Ambien for a couple years but I hardly ever took it, in fact the medicine would lose their potency before I ever finished the supply.Dr. changed me over to 30 mg. of temazapam and over the past 10 days I 've tried it twice and each time I had the best nights ' sleep I 'd had in years! With a minimum of 6 hours without waking up. I love this medication but I 'm only going to take 1 /week.
Rated Alli an 8 as I am using in conjunction with weight watchers, so don&rsquo;t know if it is WW, Alli or the combination of the two, I have not experienced any side effects and week 1 lost 5lb
I could stop using it without withdrawals and it didn 't have the extreme highs and lows of most benzodiazepines.
First I tried Ambien, loved it! But after a week or so I started having a reaction of itching so they stopped it. Then on to Lunesta it gave me a headache every morning but it did make me sleep.  They stopped it. Then on to Temazapam 30 mg. It works within 1-2 hours. I sleep good for 6-8 hrs. Usually, sometimes I still will have trouble falling asleep or waking in the night but it 's not every night so it 's an improvement!
This muscle relaxer is very good at relaxing my muscle if taken for several days; it is slow acting.  The negative side is that my doctor only lets me take it when I have a flare-up, so I have to take it about 4 days before I get any relief and then when I stop taking it, it stays in my system for about 3 days and then I go right back to my normal baseline level of pain.  I wish I could take it everyday because I feel so much less pain overall when I have it built up in my system.
I found that I had some warts over my vagina two months ago, they looked bad and big. I was scared and I started to use this cream. I didn 't see any result at the first treatment and I didn 't have any side effect, it was really discourage. So the second treatment, I used this cream with salicylic acid on my warts. It burned my vagina like a crazy when I was using the acid, but it works! I applied the acid 3 times a day and used this cream at night. The warts started getting small and after a month, and appeared some side effect like itching like a crazy at night but they were completely gone in a month ! And now, there are no any warts on my vagina and I 'm watching will the warts come back in this 3 months.
I was an absolute mess for 17 years until 7 years ago when I found the answer to my prayers, suboxone, and ever since I became established with a doctor and insurance life 's back to normal. So I am an absolute supporter of bupenorphine/naloxone and I switched to Bunavail because I could no longer tolerate the taste of the subs. And 5-6 months later I have had not 1 problem with them. My daughter also tried them but she experiences withdrawals within a few hours and she doesn 't like them. Just goes to show how much it varies from person to person. My advice is to at least try them if you for whatever reason are considering making the switch. The taste is definitely tolerable and the convenience of being able to talk while dosing is great!
I started taking Adipex-P on Jan 21,2012 and I have not had any side effects except for the dry mouth that can be controlled by drinking lots of water and so far I have lost 18lb. I 'm in my 3rd month and hope this pill keeps working as it has been.
I do feel Clonidine is a highly effective while going through opiate withdrawal. It helps a great deal. I couldn 't imagine a detox without it.
I am 18 years old and I have been taking Aubra for a little over 2 months. So far it has been working effectively since I have not gotten pregnant. The only problem I have with this birth control is it has made my acne worse! Everywhere else on my face is clear except for both sides of my cheeks they are such bad breakouts. I 've noticed them to appear once I was on the pill for a while. I guess half a bottle of foundation to cover up my acne is better than having an unplanned pregnancy so I guess I will have to live with the complications it comes with.
I have been on Trulicity now for a month, and have mixed feelings about it. I started out getting very nauseous from the med as well as having horrible heartburn, which I still get every now and then. I NEVER want to eat...I think birds eat more than I do. But a good part of eating less is my daily dosage of insulin has went down by 16 units. But it 's horrible never being hungry, because I have to eat. But I have lost 8 pounds in a month, which every woman loves. My blood sugars are, for the most part, better than what they were before I was on trulicity. I think the major thing it has helped with is the after meal spike and then keeping them steady during the day. I can 't wait to see what my A1C is next month...my last one was 7.1.
I started on September 1st, so today is 14 days.  When I stated ~  female, 5 '2 230.  I have lost somewhere btw 10 and 12 pounds.  I have NO appitite!! I have to make my self eat.  The first week I had the sick belly but thats all gone now and the only thing Im dealing with is tired!!  Im so tired Im having a hard time getting through the day.  I think I will move my dose to dinner time and see if that helps.  Good Luck yall!!!!
I 'm suffering friom depression and anxiety. It 's been a week that I 'm on welbutrin 150 xl , I feel a difference. I feel I 'm more sociable and happier. More energy, lost my appetite and it seems I 'm losing weight. Which is a good part of the drug.
I 've been on this medication for 4 months no. I started noticing a dramatical change in my facial hair, it 's all gone by 90%, for my hair loss I can say that I did see a big change but at least I 'm not losing hair like I used to. It makes me urinate alot but its a normal thing. It all also helped me to lose weight. No side effect until now.
I had trouble with anxiety and having a &quot;short fuse&quot;. I thought about death constantly and had trouble remembering things. In short I suffered from depression. I was horrible to my coworkers, family, and friends. I have never taken an antidepressant before. I have been taking Wellbutrin for 5 days and I can say that I feel better. I have energy, although I have noticed some heart palpitations...nothing worth seeing a Dr about. I have a decreased appetite but just slight nausea. I am in a better mood and seem to be able to let things that used to bother me just slide by. I do not feel like a zombie at all. I smile more and cry less. That 's exactly what I was hoping for. I am a 45 year old woman.
Lo-Seasonique is a good birth control, and awesome to not have a period for 3 months. I had stopped taking birth control for a year because of migraines, they improved and then worsened again. MD put me on Lo-Seasonique. Initially I had breakthrough bleeding, had never had problems before. I read up on it, and to all of you that have problems, change the time you are taking the pill and take it with/after food and/or something acidic (orange juice). The reason for a lot of breakthrough is high estrogen not being absorbed. Otherwise I have had minor cramping periodically if I miss ONE pill. I do notice a drop in sex drive, and just heavy feeling. But minor changes. Otherwise now almost a year on it, it 's awesome.
I used Seasonale for about a year and a half. It worked very well. No spotting and it was nice to not have a period for three months at a time. Unfortunately it has to be taken at the same time everyday which is a pain for someone as absent minded as me. I handled this by setting the alarm on my cellphone to go off at the same time everyday. It was kinda bulky in my purse since it has three months worth of pills. My periods were about the same as before.
I took Jolessa for a year. Everything was fine and I loved not having my period every month.  After a while it did make me gain 5-10 lbs and I had acne towards the end of the year. I had to change to a different birth control. I hate that I had to leave Jolessa behind but I can 't stand the acne or the weight, even if it was moderate.  Just try it for yourself, 4 periods a year is very nice.
Helps more than other medicines that I 've tried. It does help, but with everything going on, there 's really not much that I 've found to take away all of the pain, but at least I can be functional in addition with using the Fentynal transdermal patch.
I 've been taking Generess Fe for a few months now and I haven 't had any side effects! It 's been working pretty good because my periods are lighter than before and last about 3 days. The only thing I 've noticed is that I have cramps now before my period which I didn 't have before. After hearing all these scary comments about Generess I was scared to even give it a try, but I 'm glad I did because it 's been working! Also, If you don 't have insurance this medicine is pretty expensive so I 'd check into that if not.
I have had RLS for perhaps 35 years or so.  It would start and stop.  But about 5 years ago I started on .25 mg of roprinole.  it takes an hour to work so I took it at about 8 PM.   But over the years the dosage crept up to .50 mg once at 4:30 PM and once at 6:30 PM and I was good for the night.  Some nausea and some sleepiness which were OKay.   then the two pills turned into an additional pill of .5 mg in the middle of the night.   Still okay.   But then about 6 months ago my doctor sent me to an RLS sleep specialist.   What a nightmare this began.    The specialist tells me that I will just continue to take more and more and eventually Augmentation would start.   this site will not let me finish my story.
So far so good using Dr samples
I got this medicine prescribed after I threw out a muscle in my shoulder it did help relax my muscles it seemed never did make me tired I 've just been sticking with ibuprofen 800mg.
Actually it slows it down.  But after a year on it I was in the ER 3 times with pain in upper GI tract.  I guess my liver didn 't like it and I got drug induced hepatitis.   Quit taking it slowed down on sodium intake.  Processed foods.  Watch diet.  Thats it.
I got the Nexplanon injected in March 2015, up until 2 weeks ago I was loving it! Ok I got the Depo Shot for 16 years and it was great. But my Obgyn made me stop getting it because of my bone density. In those 16 years I only had maybe 2 or 3 periods and I loved it! Ok now with the Nexplanon I noticed at first I had no spotting or period up to these past 2 weeks and sometimes I bleed lightly or just spot so I 'm finding myself having to use tampons, something I was not used to. But when I first noticed some spotting about a month ago, my obgyn gave me some birth control pills and it stopped then, but here I am now worse and I really don 't know what to do because the pills won 't stop it now. 
I had to take Imodium daily in order to fend off diarrhea and the constant bathroom breaks.  It has impacted every aspect of my life.  I was afraid to eat when a bathroom wasn 't readily available.  As I grew older the condition became worse.  I would eat and have to go immediately.  A normal day out with the wife and kids stopping for lunch would create a great deal of anxiety.  Should I eat, can I eat and would I make it to a bathroom on time. My working career took into account how accessible bathroom facilities were. Vibrenzi worked to end diarrhea and has limited my bathroom calls. However,  I get extremely tired 15 minutes after taking the dosage and remain so all day.  Dry mouth and gas are also a problem. Price cost is $18 a pill.
I 'm 23 years old and completly normal I suffer from anxiety which started making me feel very down in the dumps ( depressed). I started on 10mg 2 months ago and now feel great a lot more calm and back to my out going self. I suffered from some of the side effects for the first month such as insomnia and dizzyness and my symptoms did worsen at first but stick with it it does calm down in the end
The Doctor said it would take 10 days to 2 weeks to kick in, but at day 8 I noticed a real difference. I was on Wellbutrin for several years, and took myself off 2 years ago. But as life happens I need a happy pill again. I was having SEVERE panic attacks, which I had never had before. So glad to have my Doctor prescribe CELEXA, it 's so awesome to feel normal again. The only real side effect was yawning for a few weeks. No sexual side effects at all, it 's better, because I feel better. So if you are questioning it DON 'T for the sake of you and your loved. Try it.
Been on depo shot for 5yrs,decided it was time to switch being that I would be moving out of state for a year and didn want to change insurance nor Dr while I was gone. Although I read negative things about the nexplanon I got it bc &quot;different strokes for different fowks&quot; and bc the Dr said its the same medication as depo.have had it now for 11 days and my arm is still sore.first night was so painful I called the office at 3am lol I was told I must have a low tolerance for pain an to rest it &amp; take pain meds. I must admit getting it wasn 't really bad at all and although some days are worse than others (depending on my activities and use of my arm) there is no pain until I use it ALOT....than I pay for it at night.so far so good overall
I am on day 2 of Antibiotics. I took the Z pack only one dose and had horrible reaction to it. (Swelling of face, fever, diarrhea YOU NAME IT) Stopped taking it and two days later started Augmentin.  I have been taking Culturelle (Lactobacillus GG) Two hours before or after taking the antibiotics. Seems to be helping. No diarrhea. No gas. No hives/Itchy skin.But I don 't know if its long enough to tell. ***Take those pro-biotics. *** Dairy products are putting me over the edge. Stick to non dairy while taking this.
Up until 6/20/10 I had slammed 12 beers a night for the past 20 years, and never managed to abstain for more than about a week during that time.  I 've been on Campral for three months now, and mostly AF.  It works if you let it. If you drink over it, it will stop working and the next few days you will crave.  But that said, better a 5-day relapse than a 15-year relapse - and I think Campral has helped make that possible.  It 's not a magic bullet.  It does, however, silence the hampster cage a little bit.
I was given 100 mg a day to treat migraines. I ended up not having migraines but chronic tension headaches which it did not help BUT it helped my anxiety. I was having daily panic attacks and slowly, they were reduced. I gained 20 pounds in a few months and decided to stop taking it a month ago, feeling fine. This week the anixety has started coming back-dizziness, short of breath, panicky, etc. so I started back on 25mg. Other than the weight gain the other side effect was dry mouth so the trade of of being able tot live a normal life was worth it.
I have used hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg for about 2 months now. It has significantly lowered my blood pressure but I have noticed the arches in my feet hurt and some leg pain and dry mouth, I also feel I don 't have the same ambition. I do not urinate any more frequent then usual. I do think it has effected my sex life though as in lowing my sex drive. I take this along with a beta blocker called propranolol 20mg. I will have to get my potassium checked to see how it is doing though.
I have been taking Celexa for almost 3 years.  It helps generally with my mild depression.  I take 10mg and when I stop I feel low again and when I take more than 10mg I start to feel emotionally flat.  It does not have sexual side effects for me, when many other depression drugs do.  It helps a bit with obsessive thoughts and social anxiety.  Also I don 't feel intellectually fuzzy with it like I have on other drugs.  I am looking for another antidepressant, however, because I don 't feel very alive.  Also it upsets my stomach and depresses my appetite and I am already underweight.  Its been ok for me but not great.  Prozac was the best for my mood and obsessive thoughts, but I became anorgasmic which was so hard to deal with!
I first had the Implant inserted in June 2011, I absolutely loved it. I had no periods whatsoever, and I was always forgetting to take the pill this contraception method I originally couldn 't speak highly enough of. I had it taken out and replaced slightly early as I was going travelling and it would have needed doing whilst I was away, again couldn 't fault it,  perfect for travelling not having to worry about taking the pill. I am now entering my third year on my second implant and  I have been experiencing bleeding on and off, a mixture of heavy and light flow for anything from 2 days to 8 days stopping for anything up to 2 days to 6 days before it starts again for nearly 2 months now and it is killing me. I 'm  hoping it will balance out!
My 6 year old son is on the 1mg for his short attention issues. He does complain sometimes about the tummy ache but it goes away. I have seen a big difference in his school work and his able to stay focus.  How ever I have to try other meds because my insurance will not pay for the medication. they feel as  if its to expensive.
OMG- the taste! I think if someone were to work on the formula and make it taste like, oh I don 't know, maybe a pina coloda, that person would be rich.  But what can I say, hold your nose, drink it down and have a lemon wedge ready. I drank my first cocktail at 6:00pm, after a liquid only diet all day.  It didn 't take long to work and it wasn 't bad at all. My colonoscopy was scheduled for 8:00 the following morning.  Went to bed around 10:00 &amp; woke up at 3:00am to take the 2nd dose.  (Yuck).  I would have to say that the Suprep did what it was supposed to. The procedure itself is a piece of cake. One minute I was looking at the colorful smock the nurse had on.  Then she was gone. And I was in a different room. All done!
I take 5 mg daily in addition to 60 mg Cymbalta. Works for me, however I think it makes me crave sweets. I have gained about 10 pounds in the last 3 months. I guess it 's just a matter of willpower to stop. As my psych said, &quot;who 's putting the food in your mouth, you ,right?&quot;
I 've been on Zoloft for 2 weeks now, and already see a difference. I was prescribed this because of stress related anxiety. Over the past couple of weeks I was able to control my outbursts, which is huge for me. I don 't know about not being able to sleep, I have been on OTC sleep medicines for quite some time now. The one thing I am noticing is a extreme thirst! It seems to be unquenchable. Overall A  .
I got the Mirena put in last month. And holy crap, it was painful. I 've never had children, so my cervix was all &quot;YOU SHALL NOT PASS!&quot; I was dizzy for a few minutes and went home with a heating pad and pain medicines. At first I was in love. There was some spotting, but nothing I couldn 't deal with. Pantyliners are my best friends. Anyway...I 'm a little frustrated right now because my period started four days early and will not go away. Just when I think I can put my regular tampons away, it starts up again. (I 'm over it).Right now I just want my body to stabilize and figure out what the heck it 's doing but otherwise, I 'm happy with this decision. My sister just got hers yesterday (has one kid) and is doing great.
I was 1st prescribed Zoloft, which for me was absolutely perfect until none of my clothes fit about 3 months into it.  I gained 25 lbs and the weight gain brought new depression and anxiety.  I was put on Wellbutrin which was a &quot;nice&quot; drug if your depression isn 't too severe and I lost weight on the it, but it couldn 't hold a candle to my problems.  Then, I tried Pristiq (and I also use Valium and Ambien for any additional anxiety).  It 's a happy medium between the 2 medicines.  You won 't have the side effects of Zoloft (weight gain, loss of sexual interest), but you 'll have a stronger backing against the physical and mental toll of depression and anxiety.  
I have been on Zoloft for years now and love it this medicine saved my life before I started taking Zoloft I was a mess!!! depressed and angry all the time I finally after several years decided I 'd had enough I told my therapist I wanted an antidepressant I was going to call the doctor myself but she called the doctor. Honestly I remember a girl I met when I was in college who told me I needed help and to go home for the weekend however, I was reluctant to get help only because my parents felt that at the time antidepressants weren 't that safe. I must say she was right I feel so much better not a lot of side effects sometimes I get diarrhea from it but mostly it works
I am suffering from AS (Ankylosing Spondylitis) for the last 25 years. My doctor (a rheumatologist) prescribed me Enbrel 50 mg weekly injection, which I continued for 1.6 years. The effect was great for the first 1-2 months but after that the effect of Enbrel plateaued. In spite of that I felt much better and started to lead a better life for the next 1 year or so. But the good news is that after a gap of one year (when I was without the injection) I found that my upper spine which was a bit bow shaped started becoming straight (not fully but to a great extent). That was really dramatic to say the least. I am grateful to this medication and will not mind taking it once again. One last thing, do not stop doing all the stretching exercises.
I have been on this pill for about a year now and in the beginning it made me super nauseous for the first week and then the first few months I was constantly hungry 24/7. Then I began to notice some odd side effects like randomly throwing up (in morning) when switching from sugar pills back to the birth control ones. I believe this pill has also given me a very weak stomach and I always feel sick after eating anything. Besides those side effects the pill has done the job for me and gave me bigger boobs so thx sprintec
Have stage 3 RSD. This medicine has helped manage my pain as well as can be expected without the side effects.
Painful Mortons Neuroma on left foot. Just started talking 25mg of Lyrica and within 48 hours I have noticed a severe decrease in the symptoms including the excruciating pain from simply walking. Very happy with decision to try this drug. No adverse reaction to date.
I have been on Aviane for almost a month. Everything is normal, no weight gain. Some little mood swings here and there but nothing that I can 't handle. My sex drive has increased a lot. I 'm on my third pill on the fourth week but I haven 't started my period not too sure when I will but other than that I 'm happy with it, no complaints.
I started the 15 day trial about a week and half ago and I have lost 5 pounds.  I was already taking a different prescribed medication and I lost 30 pounds.  I wanted to try this to see how it worked. I changed my eating habits drastically months ago and I ride a bike 4 days a week. My appetite doesn 't seem any different with this pill and my energy is just like it was before hand.  But another 5 pounds off works for me.
This was the best option for me. I 'm terrible at remembering to take pills. I 've had the Implanon for 30 months and for the first 6 months my periods were regular for me. Then for the next 23 months I had no period. Then this last month, I 've had four periods. First two were a few days on a few days off. The the third one was 8 days and I 'm currently on day 3 of the 4th one. No pregnanciesSome mood swings Minimal sex driveNo weight gainI also didn 't take any other medications while I 've been on it, except for the occasional Tylenol for minor headaches.
I 'm on the third shot of Depo-Provera. I have no more periods but the side effects right now are horrible. I have headaches, my stomach is hurting painfully most of my time. I 've been having hot flashes. I did get dizzy yesterday. But I haven 't gained any weight, in fact I 've lost 5 pounds but my only concern is my stomach pain, it gives me nausea. I never vomit I only feel like it. It 's huge cramping, and sometimes bloating.
I have been on Pristiq for 6 days now. I am feeling better, but still have nausea and dizzy but it 's getting better. I have never been on any kind of medicines except antibiotics.  I am also still tense but hope that will go away soon.  Reading all of the comments have helped.
I suffer from extreme anxiety and severe depression. I have been on Cymbalta for a couple years and it makes me so tired. I couldn 't take it anymore. I slept all day. I started Pristiq today around noon. I have noticed a boost in energy and can 't stop smiling. The only side effects so far is blurred vision, a little jittery, sweating a lot but I haven 't felt happier in years from one day!
Before my period every month, I get awful constipation for about a week before. I usually just wait is out because it eventually just goes away. But this time, I tried something new. I took 2 Ducolax last night around 9 and woke up at 9:30 with severe nausea and cramping. Let 's just say, after hours upon hours today of the worst stomach cramps possible, crying, sweating, and throwing up, I 'm exhausted. It kept it 's word, it relieved all my constipation and I feel great now, I just wish all the side effects that came with taking it weren 't so bad.
I was diagnosed with severe generalized anxiety, mood instability and had pretty bad insomnia, where I would wake up mid sleep approximately 4 times a night. I 've taken Cipralex (20mg) for a year and I 've been on Seroquel(25mg) for about 5 months and I find that I 'm able to think more clearly and act less impulsively. With my anxiety the physical symptoms have decreased quite a bit though mentally I am in control of my thoughts. As for sleep, I sleep a solid 8 hours a night usually undisturbed. I did experience a bit of a weight gain though (10-20 pounds).
Have three fingernails with a problem. Been taking the medication for 6 months now. One nail is cleared up but not the other two. Seems to help if you lightly file the top of the nail occassionally before applying. Perhaps this helps the medication penetrate the nail. That 's the whole problem with nail fungus. You 've got to get the medication to the fungus or nothing happens. My PPO plan must be good because my cost is only $40/month with the first month free. 
I have been on Depo for 16 years. It 's effective! No kids! I started seeing side effects around year 6 which included a little facial hair. Around year 19 I gained about 25 pounds (I went from 120 to about 145) it 's still so worth it. No periods and no cramps after year 1! I take calcium supplements and I lift heavy weights so along with getting bone density test-so far so good.
Been on it since Feb 1st 2016..I am 5 '2&quot; and started at 228. .as of today July 8th 2016 I am now  188..began in a size 22 in jeans and 1x-2x tops...now size 12-14 jeans and lg-xlge tops. It doesn 't suppress appetite so don 't expect it too..it just teaches us to control cravings...don 't expect to lose weight without diet and exercise with this..if so, this pill is not for you..this is best raw opinion and results in can give...good luck!! Hope this helps!!!Ps....try applying for the Takeda assistance program..they will help with paying with med if u are having  trouble!!
23 with no children, I 've had Skyla for almost a year now. I 'm an active duty military spouse so I paid absolutely nothing for this IUD. I was on the depo shot for several years and experienced pretty severe weight gain but had no periods, light occasional cramping. Then I switched to the pill for several more years, towards the end I had regular once a month periods with controlled weight and no acne but excruciating breast and head pains. Which was the deciding factor to change. My doctor and I opted for Skyla hoping to eliminate my previous symptoms. So far, I 've had absolutely no periods, no spotting and no cramping. My head aches have improved for the most part. No breast pain yet, but I have experienced acne and weight gain.
Have been taking Toprol for about 7 years now, 50mg once a day. During a recent health fair at work, my blood pressure was really high. Made an appoinment with the Doctor that day to re-evaluate and was found to be running a little high, 145/94. Doctor added an additional 50mg a day. 
I was having sore throat, swollen tonsils, dry cough, and mucus. After 3 days with 500mg every 12hours of Claritromycin, my throat got better, productive cough and feeling better in general with more energy. Side effects bad mouth taste (bitter) specially at nights at the bed.
I started on 50 mcg. patch then subsequently moved to 75 and 100 mcg. strength over two years.  I got tired of the patches not lasting three days and being on them, so my doctor helped me get off them.  Now, three months later, I am miserable with pinched nerves that wake me up every hour at night and nothing else is working.  So, I plan to go back on them on a temporary basis -- until I can have decompression surgery in the summer.  The problem is no patch I 've used, and have tried many (gel, matrix, five different brands) is I got one full day without breakthrough meds, had to use breakthrough after 48 hours, and the patch was totally useless after 48 hours, which made me use up a lot of breakthrough medication.
My neurologist put me on 4x4mg Periactin at night as a preventative for chronic migraine. I was aware of the weight gain possibility &amp; started running &amp; yoga. I slowly gained 5kg in 5 months. Upon noticing this, I tried even harder. With time &amp; dedication, I was able to exercise &amp; eat my way back down to my normal skinny weight. When I 'm hit with a carb craving (which is pretty often) I eat 30mg of a healthy carb (such as a 2 inch chunk of carrot). It satisfies perfectly as long as you havent consumed a protein in the last 2 hrs. Do not turn to fatty carbs.The drowsiness also wore off in the first week. I am the healthiest &amp; best version of myself, thanks to migraines. Choose not to be a victim. I now run charity marathons &amp; have kept my career.
I took trazodone for over a year with no problems. Best sleep aid I ever had.  All of the sudden it started giving me priapism.  Ended up in the hospital for 16 hours and it wasn 't pleasant (300 mg).  I scaled back all of the way to 25 mg and ended up in the hospital for 5 hours.  Now that I 'm off of it, my sleeping is terrible.  I have a hard time waking up.I miss trazodone.  I can 't find anything else like it.
Because of PCOS my chin hairs were getting to the point they were dark and long and I swear if I didn 't pluck every other day I would have a full beard. 
It works but I think it might be the effect from having extra energy so you do more things.  It definitely helps with motivation and depression.  Ironically it got rid of my anxiety as well.
I was diagnosed with degenerative disk disease and osteoarthritis last year, not so bad if you 're 75 but I 'm 26.  I 've had symptoms of this since about 14 or 15.  After 10  years my doctor finally believed me and accepted the fact that I was in real pain (this is finally after 2 well known orthopedic surgeons discussed their diagnoses with him).  He gave me Norco 7.5 's, which didn 't do much but introduce my liver to a lot of acetaminophen.  He then added fentanyl 50mcg/hr patch 1 every 72 hrs.
So there 's many opinions out there about the Nexplanon/Implanon. When reading everything, always know that ALL BIRTH CONTROL AFFECTS EVERYONE VERY DIFFERENTLY- not 1 person will be affected the same way. I had the implant placed February 2014 and got it removed July 2015- a year and a half. I loved it- at first, I had regular periods and then about 4 months in they would come every now and then but be very light so it was not a problem. At about a year, I stopped having periods altogether... but I also lost my sex drive completely. Being married, it is a very big issue to not have a sex drive. I did gain a little bit of weight, but nothing too crazy. I got it removed before the 3 year mark MAINLY because of my loss of sex drive.
Was on phenergan for years. It worked perfectly!  However, the side effects of phenergan were making my restless leg worse. They switched me to Tigan. It 's pretty good. It just doesn 't completely wipe out all the nausea or last as long as phenergan, but it definitely works for me!
35 years old, just been diagnosed &quot;Bipolar 1&quot; 3 days ago, taking 1-3 tabs Lithium a day for starters combined with 150 mg Wellbutrin.  Amount is at my discretion? Not a good idea for a substance abuser, so my poor lovely wife doles out all meds for me.  My Father, brother, sister all have Bipolar 1, I 've been denying it for quite a while but recently the highs have been too great, and the lows equally opposite, scheming a way to off myself so my wife gets life insurance.  This is all about 10 years over due if it works, I 'm pessimistic.  Day 4 though, have to say I felt pretty good considering last night I was about to call Oakland PD to come to my day job and save me from jumping, not joking.  I hope this works, any feedback?
I have been taking Pristiq for 3 months. Wonderful medication.  I feel great! The only side effect I have is so much night sweats I have to keep a second pajamas next to my bed because mine gets soaked. I was wondering if this side effect will get better. I am very reluctant to change this medicine because of this effect because other anti-depressants had the same effect and did not work as well.
I was prescribed Hydromet Syrup for a persistent cough while I had an upper respiratory infection.  Although it seemed to take about 10 minutes to take effect, it did significantly reduce my cough.  I felt only mildly sleepy for a few minutes after taking it and I could easily use it while working.  Taking it before bed, it stopped me from waking every 1/2 hour with a coughing fit.  Although I have sometimes felt nauseous when taking hydrocodone (Vicodin), I did not experience any stomach upset with this syrup.
I 've recently gone off Lortab and have started taking Ultram. Initially I was worried about the side affects and with Lortab withdrawl (I have bursitis and a frozen shoulder). Well this medicine works far better for my shoulder and back and over all pain, everyone can tell the diffence in me. I too can 't be without it. They are now talking about surgery next month. So we will see.
Whilst this medication IS the miracle worker we all find very helpful, the most important ingredient is your female partner! I am 72 and my wife of 62 looks in her early forties, has an excellent figure for her age and is still a turn on to me after 43 years of marriage!Teenagers are supposed to think about sex every fifteen minutes and if that is the case then I am ageing in reverse.At our ages, we don 't have trembling, earth shattering sex. Sometimes it is great, others about average and with the occasional dud thrown in!So I need this drug all the time? Nope! But if I feel like having a great night of sex I knock down a 100 mg tab!
Was taking it for Bipolar, am also suffering from insomnia and this helped both very much!
So long story short contracted the clap from a boyfriend who had sex with a girl who waited months to tell him that she had it. Yay me. Took four pills with little in my stomach, ate a couple hours before. Let 's just say I 'd hate me if I were my toilet. I 'm currently on it with diarrhea pooping (have been for 30 mins) my life away while my stomach makes these weird sounds. I feel nauseous but I don 't think I 'm going to throw up. Sucks to suck. I would say have safe sex but it 's already too late if you 're up here so that 's pointless. But I will say I 'm sorry and prepare for your colon cleanse. I feel pounds lighter!
I am always crying and moody (my poor boyfriend). Sometimes, it is never that serious and I would realize that the next day. I 'm 21 and in college and that is stressful enough. I have my sex drive still intact, but I am always hungry (I 've always been this way but know it is out of control)! I eat everything in sight. This is becoming really expensive for me and my boyfriend. Other than that I have regulated less painful periods, no bloating, and they are very on time. I like it because of the low hormone levels but I am emotional.
This have been a very good medication for me. I still have some symptoms like voices, and seeing things that are not there but, I am able to realize that they are not real and I can better take control of the situation.
I am a student who has used Vyvanse for the last few years. I am currently taking 40mg-50mg. When I first tried it, a couple side effects were annoying but it didnt last that long. When I was in High School, most of the day I felt like doing my work and getting stuff done, and it made me see the positive in things. And  in college when I take it, especially on my days off, I get a lot of work done. I am not a very talkative person, but it made me feel like having nice conversations with people. In mid day, I am in a great mood, but sometimes it goes away every now and then. I dont feel like eating almost all day, but Its smart to eat breakfast before hand, and then dinner. I do have a small crash at the end of the day but it 's worth it.
It works great. The only down side is the pseudoephedrine, which causes horrible headaches and ruins my sleep.
Seems to lower CA but the side effects are somewhat hard to deal with. Leg cramps, and twitching seems to be the worst of it. But there is only surgery as the other option.
My wife tried to add Namenda as a component of combination therapy but after continuous bouts of bronchitis we terminated Namenda and, as a result, she was (in short order) able to get rid of the bronchitis.  Since Namenda had seemed promising (initially, before bronchitis), we were very disappointed that it seemed necessary to eliminate that component of her treatment.  Although our neurologist had not previously seen a case in which bronchitis was a side effect of Namenda, he suggested we try Namenda XR.  We are thrilled that she has been able to take Namenda XR without experiencing such a side effect and that Namenda XR appears to be providing desired benefits.
I recently was required to switch to a progestin-only pill (the &quot;mini pill&quot;) from a combo pill. I 've been on Jolivette for 3 months now (about to finish my third month) and it 's been a rough couple months. The first 2, I was concerned about how heavy my periods were and had quite possibly the worst cramps of my life. I have history of anemia related to heavy menstruation (which isn 't normal), and I was beginning to exhibit similar signs. Same situation the second month. Plus so much spotting between periods. Now month 3 and things seem much calmer. THANK GOODNESS. Make sure you take the pill at the same exact time every single day to prevent pregnancy.
Skelaxin seems to be great. I have taken about 3 days (800mg prescribed 3 x daily). I have even taken on empty stomach (bold move) and walked through a grocery store. It worked great. I was not &quot;foggy&quot; or drunk feeling. I have taken it at work and have not noticed adverse side effects except a slight headache. Nothing good is without some trade-off. I recommend this for those who need daytime/night-time pain relief and do want to feel &quot;doped up&quot; like other muscle relaxers can do.
I have used this drug since 1979 @ age 27. Two day weekend headaches after a rough week were frequent (about 15-20 headaches/year) over next 10 years. They laid me up for hours or days. If taken within a few hours after a headache began, fiorinal is very effective. Wait a day and pain is partially reduced but lingers for 24 hours or more. Headache frequency gradually declined with aging. At current age headache frequency is down 95%. Fiorinal was a great help to me.
I 've been taking this medication for about a year and a half now. I began taking it because other birth controls made me moody and the obvious fact that I 'm not ready to be pregnant yet. This medication definitely makes you nauseous. I feel nauseous nearly every day. I haven 't had a period since the first two months that I started the pill. Normally I wouldn 't complain about a lack of periods, but other side effects I 've had include frequent (I 'm talking back to back to back) yeast infections and (TMI) vaginal dryness. Intercourse can be very painful. I 'm switching off of this medication as I have tried everything to no avail. Being on birth control seems pointless if I can 't even have sex.
I woke up one morning 6 months ago with severe lower back pain. Since I have stomach problems and am unable to take oral NSAIDs, narcotics or Ultram, I tried Lidoderm patches without success.  Then I read about Voltaren gel in Arthritis Today magazine and asked my doctor for it.  It has worked well and this is the only way I am able to sit without severe pain. 
It works good, you will feel the congestion breaking down. It does make you cough more to loosen up mucus and yes you probably will stay up a bit a night. I took the pill not liquid. Have to say I was surprised.
Not bad until had to take the water - hard to get all that water down. Do not look forward to 2nd round at 4am.
I was on the NuvaRing for about a year and a half. I absolutely loved it. It was easy to use, easy to remember, and neither I nor my partner could feel it during intercourse. I had clearer skin while I was on it and less cramping than I did before it. However, it did effect my moods slightly and I had a few up and down moments. Also, the reason I terminated my use of the device was because it started to fall out and I couldn 't keep it in the right place. I think my body had just built up a tolerance to it and decided it didn 't want it anymore. I do recommend it for most people who want easy birth control, but I do warn of the mood swings.
I was put on Vyvanse after my doctor diagnosed me with binge-eating disorder. Before this drug I struggled for 6 years battling this eating disorder and gaining pounds along the way. Almost 2 years later and with the help of this medication I have lost over 100pounds. I feel great, this medication should be watched and used properly. My doctor was great about letting me know that it could make me stop eating all together.
Just starting this for my Multiple Sclerosis  but seems to be very effective. I think I may need to cut out my morning coffee though. To much stimulant? Will have to see.
I 'm a mid 20s female who should have been on ADD medicines years ago, this is the only one I 've tried so nothing to compare it to. Love Adderall because of the obvious side effects: take it in the morning and can get out of bed in 30 minutes without feeling the normal exhaustion I 've felt my whole life first few hours of day, no appetite so in beginning weight loss and now weight maintenance, and energy throughout the day (until it wears off), almost like an extreme diet pill. Even though I have energy to run around and could get stuff done, seem to just run around aimlessly not doing anything with a point. I snap and have a temper that I never used to have. 
First month was absolutely horrible. This is my first birth control pill. The nausea seemed to occur 2 hrs after taking the pill (I take it at 3pm everyday). I was also unmotivated and felt like my back ached all the time. Then it got better. I don 't get headaches anymore. But looking back, I definitely gained weight, like A LOT. I didn 't lose my sex drive. Anyway, I 'm okay now.
Working well to help me relax and go to sleep.
I am a vet with post traumatic stress disorder. My dr. Just put me on 25mg sertraline. My first night of taking the pill I could not sleep. I 'll have to wait and see any other effects.
I 've been taking Minastrin for 4 months now, and it has having total opposite effects on me than what my doctor said it would. It 's supposed to shorten periods,  but it actually made mine longer! And it 's supposed to help reduce cramping  but it actually worsened my cramps. I also have more mood swings, and nausea. I guess I just turned out to be that small percent of the statistic that it doesn 't work for.
Going on my 4th month now, and the nausea is absolutely ridiculous. I didn 't experience this being pregnant, with any of my kids. I didn 't want to eat yesterday or today. Weight loss isn 't so bad, but I like food. For being in shape person height and weight wise, I didn 't expect problems, but here we are, ready to hurl for two days straight now.
I noted marked decrease in intellectual ability and memory.  I need to go off this med for Neoropych testing and 48 hour EEG,  although I have high stressors in my life so I need to take it.  When I wean down I get sinus tachycardia. Hr of 122 at rest. Taking Klonapin makes HR decrease to 80 's.
I have had ruptured discs in the middle of my back as well as two ruptured in the lower spine around the hip area. Had severe pain for years with therapy, and many medications. I have been on Norco 10/325 four to six times daily for about 5 years now and it has become very minor help now. I think I 'm getting immune to to it after so many years. I started the Gabapentin and now am up to 600mg three times daily. I have some side effects such as dizziness, sweating, confusion and headaches but it is beginning to reduce the pain level to almost tolerable. I 've only been on it for a couple of weeks but hope it will increase the pain management where I can reduce the Norco to once or twice a day. Thanks for the reviews above. They have helped me.
Effective osteoarthritis pain management. However, I 'm retaining water. 
As far as birth control goes, the Nexplanon implant was really nice and convenient! I had a pretty good sized bruise for about 3 weeks after the implant was put in, and a little bit of soreness, but that 's to be expected. From then on, I didn 't notice it at all!I had some pretty bad mood swings for the first few months, and figured I just needed to be patient, but instead, it got much worse and became full blown depression. While that 's not good, I am prone to depression, and the implant amplified it, but didn 't cause it.If I could give any advice, it 'd just to be keep an eye on how you feel. I 'm sure it 'll take some adjusting, so it 's okay to feel weird for a little while. But if it persists, don 't wait forever to get it out. :)
I started on 50mg daytime and 50mg at night. Had upset stomach with vomiting for a few days then that subsided. Eventually my dosage was increased to 100mg during the day and 100 mg at night. I had some life changing events occur and I was able to accept them and keep on track with life 's daily trials and tribulations. It just helps keep your thoughts clear so that you can deal with life 's challenges. The biggest side effect was that I wanted to sleep all the time. I decreased the dosage back down to 100 mg but I only take it once a day at 5:00pm. It wears off enough by 7:00am. Then I have motivation to do things throughout the day yet still remain somewhat calm and focused.
I started using Paroxetine after I received what was the most traumatic news of my life, and it caused my anxiety to go into complete overload. I started having bad panic attacks and terrible anxiety. I also started suffering from really bad obsessive thoughts! My doctor put me on Paroxetine and I have been on it for about 4 weeks now, along with Xanax for short term use until the paroxetine really kicks in. Well I must say that I do feel ALOT better, but not as good as I did before all this started. I 'm being a little impatient? I 'm told that the Paroxetine takes at least 3-4 weeks before it really starts to work and as I said, it 's only been 1 month since I started taking it. I just want the way I used to love life to come back!
I have severe panic disorder for years now. I 've been taken off ativan and put on buspar, 15mg 3 times a day. I feel amazing. no full blown panic attacks in weeks, thats a true miracle for me. my appetite is low, and I 'm losing much needed weight. I 'm also on neurontin for anxiety, lexapro for anxiety and depression. I have to say, this is the best I 've felt in over 10 years. this buspar works for me, amazing drug.
Took 1800 mg in one day - divided into 2 doses. After about an hour felt very hot and VERY disoriented. Had to go to the pharmacy to pick up some probiotics and couldn 't concentrate on the pharmacist 's words. Went home, and (about 7 hours apart) took the second dose. By this time I had a really bad headache and was very very tired. Fell asleep only to wake up at 3 am with insomnia and terrifying anxiety. Dreamt I was blind, and trying to pry my eyes open with my fingers to be able to see. Well this is making it all sound quite horrible but I am managing it by taking a heavy probiotic at night before bed, and supplementing with spirulina, buckwheat grass powder, and drinking tons of water. If my trich doesn 't come back I 'll be happy.
It 's great for trigeminal neuralgia pain.  Aside from forgetting words and not being able to spell and weakness, the side effects are not too terrible.  It is MUCH better than the TN pain.
I started the depo shot in January due to my extremely heavy periods. It had gotten to the point where I was missing school a few days every month and just laying in bed because my menstrual cycle was so bad. I decided to try out the depo shot. I 've been on it a year and have just recently had spotting in between my shots. Depo shot has helped so much, I no longer have periods (except for the occasional spotting) and I feel SO much better. Granted I do get the occasional migraine, spotting and cramps, I 'd say the shot is definitely worth it
I have been on Spiriva for a few years.  It has helped my COPD.  I have noticed that I have suffered acid reflux more recently this past year.  I have also complained to my eye Dr. that my eyeballs feel swollen and must blink constantly because of some fluid in my eyes causing blurred vision.  The Dr. said he doesn 't know why I am suffering with these symptoms.  Last January 2016 he did discover Glaucoma in one eye.  My next appt. is April 2017.  I will see what he has to say regarding my taking Spiriva.  I am waiting for my PCP to get back to me.  I never realized you MUST keep your eyes closed when taking this Med.  I pray it is NOT permanent damage to my eyes.
I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis 2 years ago. At the same time I was in early recovery for addiction to pain killers (prescribed for pain,if your pain never stops you continue to use as prescribed and you are addicted). I had to have something so my Doctor told me about tramadol. I take 4-6 50 mg a day for pain. No side effects. Don 't know how I would have got along without it.
I was crying every day, and now after 3 weeks taking this medication I 'm stable. I feel like my emotions went away. I have headache often, eyes pain, but no nausea at all. I take it before bedtime.I 'm better emotionally,  not happy about the headache.
I loved it at 1st I was on depo before I switched because I got tired of getting a shot every 12 weeks (3 months) once I got on this birth control everything was fine and then all the sudden I started slowly gaining weight and it wasn 't coming off I didn 't mind it at 1st because I was so skinny I gained at least 60 pounds and I 've been on it for 2 years and 3 months I just got off of it today I 'm going to c if I can loose any of this weight it also always made me very hungry all day long. And I 've had mood swings more and more from time to time. If I didn 't gain any weight i would of loved this birth control so much more
I started on sertraline in April. I have had lifetime high functioning anxiety but an early menopause resulted in me having acute severe anxiety. I felt like I could not go out of the house. It was absolute torture. Today I gave a 3 page speech in front of 100 's of people. I have my confidence back. It has been a rocky ride and I am still having bad days but my mind is clearer and I have not had a panic attack for a very long time. 2 weeks in I thought this is making me worse. I got a rash, teeth clenching and had vivid dreams but I hung on (not easy) and with support from friends who had suffered too I retrained my thinking. Sertraline gave me space to do that. It is not a quick fix and you have to put the work in too and BELIEVE in recovery.
I 've  been on this birth control for almost 5  months now and initially the only side effect I experienced was extremely sore and tender breasts. I 've been nauseous all the time and I hate even the thought of eating food. My appetite sucks. I have to take anti nausea medicine daily. My irregular periods are regulated and light
I took phenergan first after a bout of nausea and severe vomiting. However, I kept vomiting but the zofran stopped it...
I am glad to share with you that this drug has saved my life, I used to tic a lot but after using 2mg of Orap 90% of my tics are gone. Please start with low dose at first so that your body can get used to it.
On the business class sleeper seat plane to NY, the last conscious thing I remember after taking Ambien was my head resting on the pillow about an hour after the meal service and then waking up in bed in the apartment. How did I collect my coat and things, aware to pack the airline amenity kit and water bottle into the knapsack that was in the overhead bin, deplane and walk far to passport control, use the passport kiosk that requires me to type in on the touchscreen, Thailand, and collect the customs print out and then go to a carousel and collect my bag among all the other bags revolving around, hand my printout to the customs agent and find where to catch the Newark airport bus in the winter cold. How long did I wait for the bus? Did I open my suitcase inside the terminal to take out my sweater, scarf, and wool knit hat to wear --all which were packed in the suitcase. Upon waking up in the apartment the sweater was on the couch, the scarf on a chair, and the knit hat in my knapsack. Once on the bus I had to have reached in my pocket for my wallet that had my return bus ticket. The ticket wasn 't in my wallet in the apartment. Once off the bus at Port Authority, how did I hail a taxi, put the stuff in the trunk and tell him where to go? My credit card statement indicates I swiped the card to pay for the taxi home. Once outside my apartment, I had to reach into my knapsack for my keys attached to a clip and open the door. The keys were found on the coffee table when woke up in bed. My coat and jacket were on the bathroom floor indicating that once inside the apartment I rushed to the bathroom. I obviously opened my suitcase as it was found wide open and a of box anticongestion and a bottle of allergy pills that I remember packing in the suitcase in Bangkok were now found on the kitchen counter. From remembering my head on the airplane pillow to waking up in my bed, everything is a blank, hours blank.
This medicine has made a massive difference in my moods. I suffer from anxiety and depression. The first few weeks were tough with some side affects. Nausea, dry mouth, trouble sleeping, hard to urinate. However these all went away and I feel great. Started at 5mg for 1 week and have been on 10mg now for almost 2 months. It helps to see things clearly and I 'm not regretting my decision to start this medication.
My prep instructions were one 6oz bottle the evening before and one 6oz bottle the morning of the colonoscopy. Both times were similar, started working within 20-25 minutes and lasted a couple hours. I mixed with Sprite. The review that mentions salty grape cough syrup was spot on. The first bottle wasn 't terrible, the second one almost made me puke. Compared to other prep experiences I 've heard outside of this site I think Suprep is probably one of the easier ones, of course everyone reacts different.
just wondering why sometimes it works and other times it doesn 't.  I don 't get it, does that mean there is nothing there or  what?    It worries me.    There has to be a reason .
This is my 4th month on Trinessa. My doctor put me on it to help with my heavy and irregular periods as well as my acne. The first 2 months didn 't seem to have any effect on me other than make me break out. In fact, this first period I had on this medicine seemed longer (around 7 days) and more painful than ever before. I even experienced a bit of sickness around the first week. But I kept taking it, and it has finally started clearing up my acne and the last period I had was only 4 days with minimal cramping. This birth control is pretty effective for me, and it 's finally doing it 's job. The point is: give it time to work.
Had my Mirena inserted about 2 weeks ago. I am 22 and haven 't had any kids, I wanted an alternative to the pill as I 've been on it for 6 years. I have to say that I was pretty nervous after reading so many bad comments. I was on the 3rd day of my period and for me the insertion hurt like a couple of pinches and a really bad cramp that gave me all hot and made me nauseous. But it only took about 10 minutes and then it was okay. The rest of the day I had fairly strong cramps but nothing unbearable. The next day I felt back to normal. My period lasted another couple of days and stopped like normal. Since then I have had very minor spotting with an odd little cramp here and there. Very happy so far.
Definitely lowers Sugar level , you must workout to help weight loss ! I go on a elliptical for 15 mins a day , and have lost 8 pounds in 2 weeks !The pills will make you urinate more !My goal is to reverse the diabetes like working out every day and watch what you eat , eat healthier but no more fried food !
Stopped craving
Ok so I have delt with acne my entire life even in my 30s. I was given this med for another issue and I noticed my skin is clearing up. I have been reading some of the reviews and not to be judgmental but I am shocked at how many people are using this med for 6 plus months. Transplant patients it 's a must(my mother is one)  but to use this long term is not my cup of tea. With bacteria becoming more and more immune to everyday meds what will they do when they have a severe infection like staph and it no longer works. Hospital bound on vanco, I know from experience. Trust me my acne is horrible and I truly understand the heartbreak but risking immunity from an antibiotic is not worth to me. Think long term. Just my opinion, God bless!
I am 33 years old and started taking BeYaz. I had very light periods, (which was nice) but I started to get horrible acne, and nausea. I spoke with my doctor, and she said the estrogen levels where too high, so she switched me to Sprintec. The acne is completely gone, and so is the nausea. She also recommended taking it at night, (to help with nausea) and it worked.I have a heavier period now than I did on BeYaz, but that is much better than nausea and zits!I highly recommend Sprintec.
I tried this medicine twice in the past two weeks hoping to see if my experience was consistent. It was. About an hour or two after taking the medicine I had terrible cramping, stomach spams, and during the second time I felt nauseous with thick and stringy saliva. Not a fun experience. After 30 min of this I was able to return to sleep and woke up occasionally with bloating and cramping. After waking up this morning I had diarrhea (consistent with the first time) and occasional cramping that lessened the more I went to the toilet. This will be the last time I take these pills-- not worth the pain, as others have said!
Hurt my lower back and it helped a little. Didn 't take the pain all away but it did lower it.
I have recently had to stop using the Fentanyl patches, after several years of good results. But my body finally said it had had enough. So, I tried Kadian, which stopped working after a week or so. Now I am on Opana ER, which seems to do a fair job, but it feels too much like Demerol. I take 20mg twice a day, and was using 80mg twice of Kadian, 100mg of Fentanyl every 48 yours. I wish they would make Fentanyl in a pill form. I have no &quot;woosy&quot; feeling with it. I have 5 ruptured discs in my lower back, as well as stenosis, etc. I have tried surgeries, stimulator, etc. 
This medication worked really well for a while to control breakthrough bleeding and regulate my periods.  I recently started to bleed irregularly and experience more serious cramping.  I just found out that my endometriosis has advanced and I have been upgraded to Nortrel 1/35.  I 'll try that for a while to see if that will help me while I am awaiting hysterectomy.
First and foremost, this is going to sound counterintuitive, but do not believe everything you read on the internet. The Kyleena insertion was hardly considered uncomfortable for me. I know everyone&rsquo;s pain tolerance is different, but I&rsquo;d like to think I have a low pain tolerance and I probably wouldn&rsquo;t have been able to tell that the insertion was any different than a routine GYN visit. If you consider Pap smears excruciatingly painful, then you may just find this uncomfortable, however it is a quick 3 minute procedure with hardly any discomfort. Maybe, if anything, just some pressure.Disclaimers: I just had it placed 45 minutes ago, without being premeditated, walked out and drove myself home. I am also Day 4 on my menstrual cycle.
I like that I don 't get a period but I 'm having trouble losing weight.  My blood pressure is up and I have 0 sex drive along with painful sex and vaginal discomfort.  I 've taken it straight for 2 years and I 'm giving my body a break.
It works, but it gave me gas and diarrhea.
I started using the NR about 4 months ago. The first month of use brought me the worst deep pimples I have ever had, not just on my face, but also on my breast. It sucked, but my vagina finally had good levels of estrogen.  Aside from the pimples and dizziness, I was feeling better for longer. Sex didn 't hurt and NR didn 't have any effect on sex. Now my skin is even, and I no longer get migraines. Periods are short, easy and light. Win Win!
I took Cipro (500mg 2x/day) for a bladder infection and the only side effect I got was some drowsiness. A few days into taking it, I made the mistake of reading medication reviews and I thought for sure it was going to slowly kill me. Well, I don 't know if any other side effects are going to creep up on me in the future, but I can assure you that the actual course of medicine worked just the way it was supposed to, with no serious side effects. The conclusion--there are either a ton of people with pyschosomatic tendencies or I am some sort of anomaly.
I have not had a good nights sleep for over a year. Woken up several times a night. I have been miserable due to lack of sleep. It is really starting to show on my face - deep dark under-eye circles. Yesterday, my doctor prescribed Lunesta. I slept so good last night. Only woke up twice, but went right back to sleep. I do not feel any grogginess. There is a &quot;yucky&quot; taste side effect. But, I will take yucky taste any day for a good nights sleep. I am really excited to get a good nights sleep again tonight. Hope it works the same again.
Have been on Benicar 40 mg/HCT 12.5 mg for some time. It has moderately controlled my bp (range around 130/70). The side effects, while not of major significance, are bothersome. I can best summarize them by saying I just don 't feel like myself.  Orthostatic hypertension is a problem, along with general &quot;spaciness&quot; and intermittent dizziness. I switch back and forth periodically to generic valsartan/HCT with no change in side effects. Have also tried smaller doses, cutting pills and a homemade regimen of alternating whole pills with cut pills. Nothing affects the side effects. These side effects appear to be idiosyncratic,  as many people do not experience them. Best bet is to have normal bp and not have to take any bp pills.
I like it. Does have some persistent annoying side effects but, the pros far outweigh the cons. Started out with 10mg for one month. Bumped up to 20mg for the past 2 months. Much more sociable, in fact, I feel like I don 't want to be alone now. Dressing better, super giggly, it feels great to laugh it off. And almost every other user reports loss of sex drive which makes me wonder why I feel so, quite the opposite of that all the time. Cons: brain zaps, shortness breath sometimes, dazey, shakey, sweaty, if I miss dose I feel cynical and don 't like anyone because I think they are all rude. Paranoid? Weight gain. Still like it.
I have been taking Januvia for about a year and have experienced these side effects, difficulty swallowing, pain in stomach that radiates to my back, hard time eating because of nausea.  I finally had to quit taking it.  Also was constipated all the time.  Now that I am off of Januvia everything is back to normal.
I 've only had it for 2 weeks, so my opinion doesn 't mean a lot. But so far it 's been pretty good. The insertion was painful (my doctor didn 't hesitate about getting this puppy in) but it was fast &amp; my insurance covered the whole thing! My arm was sore &amp; had moments of pain here &amp; there, but nothing Advil couldn 't fix. I don 't recommend it if you 're sensitive to mild pain. I 'm bad with it but I don 't regret it a bit. I had bleeding for the first three days but so far it 's been gone. My co worker got her 's &amp; went to work the next day, so you won 't be so sore depending on how your doctor inserts it. She told me it 'll be sensitive in that area for a few weeks to a few months, but after a while it 's just nothing. Overall, I 'm satisfied.
Mid 30 's with depression for over 4 years.  Was on Lexapro 10mg then 20mg for a lil while, but it wasn 't enough and the psych doc wouldn 't listen to me or change my meds.  So after 2 years of dealing with him I switched to another psych doc who actually listened to me.  First she added Wellbutrin 150 then 300 XL, it wasn 't such a great difference so she switched me to Brintellix after insurance approval.  She started me out at 5mg then titrated up to 10mg then 20mg.  The first few days were the worst with side effects, but mine were nausea and diarrhea, that only I got better in time.  The feeling after being on this medication was great!  I felt more like my old self again, happier, more motivated, less isolation, and got my sex drive back
I have use Advair 500/50 for a little over three years.  It has helped control the Asthma, but there are some side effects.  I don 't have much taste sensation anymore, my throat feels raw, and I cough from the throat which I don 't remember doing before, and I lose my voice.  This dosage is too much after awhile, I get the shakes and feel week, sometimes have terrible headaches. I have tried using 500/50 in the mornings and 250/50 at night.  That is only good for a short while.  I need something between these two.
Dry mouth is a side effect that is most unpleasant
Did not resolve polycystic ovarian syndrome completely, but did improve quality of life by treating my subclinical insulin resistance. Metformin extended release 1000mg/day.
I 've been on the generic version of Wellbutrin SR 100mg once a day a little over a week. Added to supplement my 20mg Prozac twice a day, and .5 Klonopin twice a day. I 've been on the Prozac and Klonopin over a year and it began to be not as effective. I began to feel very depressed along with my anxiety also I 've gained about 20lbs so my psychatrist prescribed 100mg Wellbutrin SR once a day in morn to help. So far I 've noticed I 'm extremely tired about 1 hour after taking, so tired even my strongest cup of coffee can 't keep me awake. I know Prozac and Klonopin can have this as a side effect but my body is well adjusted to that now, those side effects are long gone.I 've noticed better focus and reduced appetite, so now I will just wait.
I 've used Flonase and the generic with success for hay fever and colds, but using it daily for weeks causes nose bleeds.  I continue to use it short-term.
Do not take this medication, its highly addictive and coming off it has caused my daughter to have 3 to 4 seizures a day and she 's never had one in her life before cutting back. This drug is evil and should not be prescribed so easily. I myself need to taper off and am terrified of the withdrawals after watching my daughter go through hell. Stay away from benzodiazepams because once you start you cant stop....No warnings are given before you start taking them....evil drugs
I am a 67 year old female with no history of UTI until last week. PA prescribed Cipro 250. I can 't sleep, I am having horrible heartburn, belching &amp; burning. I have 3 tabs left &amp; will finish taking because has helped the UTI. But I will not take again.
Depression/anxiety. Tried various SSRIs, which gave me terrible night sweats and edginess. Wellbutrin gave me back my appetite for life. I wanted/was motivated to get uo, get out and do things rather than sit around. Also, because you can 't/shouldn 't drink while taking it, I secondarily lost weight and felt healthier - mentally and physically. Can 't think of any negative side effects -  takes a week or two to adjust/calibrate when starting.
My CNP was very knowledgeable, friendly, and gentle with me. She informed me that there would be, &quot;three large cramps&quot; with this procedure, and she was not kidding.The cramps were the most intense I 've ever felt, she said women who 've had children compared them to minor contractions. For women, like me, who haven 't had children opening your cervix is not pleasant and is very painful. I had to make her stop due to becoming lightheaded. The whole thing was very short, it was over within 5 minutes. I did have to lay on the table since I was prone to fainting. Take ibuprofen an hour before, and don 't drive yourself! My cramps have been very severe ever since I got it done 4 hours ago, even on 1,000mg of Ibuprofen, 20mg Tramadol, 100mg Naproxen
I started taking Yasmin just over 2 years ago. It was the first kind of &quot;pill&quot; I had ever been on, but prior to taking Yasmin, I had &quot;Implanon&quot; (the match-stick like implant in your arm). The Implanon was one of the worst experiences I 've ever had - I was completely mental - manic depressive, anxious, irritable and unable to control my emotions. When I got the Implanon removed, I was a completely different person. A few months later I was given Yasmin. I did notice a bit of weight gain, an increase in desire for food (even when not actually hungry) and became bit of an emotional softy (in a nice way), but on the plus side, my skin became crystal clear and my periods are regular and not heavy, and no &quot;bad&quot; side effects. I recommend it!
I have been using this medicine for a little over 6 months. I have noticed some weight gain, but on the plus side, my acne has cleared up. This pill gives me little to no nausea (all pills make me feel very sick), I have had no headaches, my periods are shorter, lighter, and I do not experience cramps anymore. All in all, I say it 's not bad-  I have been on SEVERAL types of pills, this is the best so far (minus the weight gain of course...but if I were to get pregnant, I would gain a lot more weight!)
I had symptoms, so my doctor switched me from Gabapentin, saying that this medicine is better.  I feel better so far.  Less sleepy, less anxious, less depressed.
I have had an extended bout of situational depression after my mother died.  Abilify definitely helped with motivation for me, so far it has been the best medication in this regard.  However, the constant sensation of heat and flu like symptoms are quite bothersome, (worse than a hot menopausal hot flash) but the insomnia will ultimately prevent me from taking this medication as I need to be able to drive.
I 've been on Depo twice. First time I was on it for about 3 years and now I 'm on it again, and it 's been 3 months. The first time I was on it absolutely loved it! No horrible side effects. This second round though, I have gained some weight which is no biggie because I do like my bigger butt lol. I think Depo is awesome, and it 's really convenient and easy.
I&rsquo;ve had Kyleena for about four months now and I must say, it is a lot better from where I began. When they say 3-6 months, they mean it. The first two months were horrible. Constant bleeding and cramping, but tough it out! It was the best decision I have ever made! My bleeding is significantly less and I don&rsquo;t have to worry about children! I gave this an 8.0 because I do experience some acne and I still cramp bad occasionally but so worth it! Everyone has their own opinion!
Initially found I would wake up groggy but after a few days this really helped calm me. I take it in combination with Seroquel, Buspar and Wellbutrin. Coming off Effexor due to the sexual side effects and up to 75gm/day. Also on Adderall twice a day and find the combination helps me concentrate and feel much better about myself. Before this combination I was suicidal. Now, I even look forward to the next day. I can 't guarantee this combination works for everyone but I 've tried MANY with limited success so it 's refreshing to know something is working and if I could help another person feel the way I feel.
I think this product m3 works different for every person I just inserted m3 about 20mins ago mild burning with itching. Nothing excruciating. Will update later
I have had bacterial vaginitis unknowingly for two and a half years and my obgyn prescribed me 500mg of metronidazole for seven days. Now I 've read alot of comments about how this didn 't work or that didn 't work and whilst I haven 't tried all of these and every woman 's body is different. I do know that most couples tend to do &quot;it&quot; more than once a week and I don 't know if your obgyn told you this or not but if you have sex unprotected whilst taking metronidazole or flagyl it just gives the BV on him and back in YOU. Which causes the bacteria to just keep getting transferred so if you wanna get rid of it and haven 't tried not having g sex then try to not have sex during the 7 days  and 48 hrs after the seven days. It worked for me!
Mentally this is great medicine but the weight gain is unbearable. Hoping to change my medicine without a psychotic episode.
I 've been on accutane 3 months now. I 've had persistent acne since I was in middle school and nothing has worked besides this. Right now I 'll get occasional acne but it 's clear for the most part. My whole body has gotten dry because of it and is often very uncomfortable. But the worst side effect are these mood swings and depression accutane has caused me. It has really effected my relationship and I cannot help it. I 'm on 40 mg but it was worse when I was on 60. Even though this is a difficult side effect, I am amazed at how clear my face is so far.
People mention a cough as a potential side effect-I 've hardly noticed this at all, but what I HAVE noticed, is that this medicine interferes with getting a good erection.Skipping a dose (or delaying it until after sex) does help(assuming your doctor says that it is okay to skip or delay a dose. Of course on the other hand, I was on a different high blood pressure medicine years ago, and it was WAY worse in this regard.And, YES, erectile dysfunction medicines will help overcome the effect. I 've been using Quinapril for many years-started with 20 MG once a day, and eventually went to 40 MG once a day. It has worked reasonably well...note that users of the medicine in this class (ACE Inhibitors) sometimes end up with cold hands and feet.This is generally an issue in cold climates.
I 've been using Tretinoin Microsphere .04 gel for about a month and 1/2 &amp; just now starting to see improvement in my skin. After using it for about a week &amp; 1/2, for about 2 weeks afterwards my skin looked dull, a little red, developed small bumps on my cheeks and had acne scars.I take full responsibility for the acne scars because I have a pesky, horrible habit of popping my zits and picking at them (Bad! But working on it). My derm. also prescribed 5% Benzoyl Peroxide and a Clindamycin Gel to use in the mornings but now I 'm using that as a spot treatment, because my skin got itchy and red &amp; burned for about 2 hours after using it on my entire face. Now my skin looks more vibrant &amp; smoother, acne scars are getting better &amp; I have no bumps!
I started this medication 5 days ago due to post nasal drip, phlegm coughs, runny nose... My doctor told me to take 24 hour. As far as side effects: I experienced slight insomnia...a little longer to fall asleep, my head is not quite clear, I feel a little foggy, when I need to concentrate and a little fatigue. No major side effects. The medication has helped but has not completely &quot;cured&quot; me. So overall, it 's worked but it 's not a miracle.
I was put on this primarily for debilitating menstrual cramps and I 've been on it for 5 months now, going on my 6thI noticed a little bit of weight gain/bloating in the first three months or so, but that has stabilized.  My breats have gained a cup size.  My sex drive has stayed the same.  I still have some intermittent bleeding, but I think that 's my wacky menstrual cycle, not the pill.  On the whole it 's helped me a lot getting the cramps and PMS symptoms under control.  No pregnancy is also a great thing.  Overall, my life has been improved with Microgestin, even with the minor side effects.
I 've had the paraguard IUD for about a year and a half now.  I 'm not sure I 'd recommend it since I 'm considering getting it taken out.  The insertion was quite painful.  I felt like my blood pressure went down,  I got light headed and cold.  For the next two days the pain was unbelievable but I still went to my office job.  I was and still do take 800 mg of ibuprofen twice a day when I 'm on my period.  I 'd say the cramps during my period were intense for a year until they started to calm down.  Now the cramps are more bearable but I hate that they last longer than a week.  Every month I say I 'm gonna get it removed,  but the convenience of not having to worry about taking any pills or worry about unwanted pregnancy stops me.
Happy thoughts once again.
Had the implant put in end of October 2014, since then I have;  gained 30 pounds, terrible mood swings,  depressed, always tired but have trouble sleeping,  and occasional pain in the arm near the implant. Only Pros would be no real periods after the first 2 months, occasional spotting when there is an increase of stress and no pregnancy. I don 't think I would recommend this for anyone but I also know everyone reacts differently, cannot wait for the end of this month to have it removed, give me my pill back!
was put on flagyl and cipro for 1 week. I 'm light-headed and only want to sleep! Nauseous and my mouth tastes awful. I am glad to read all of these posts and I thought I was getting a secondary sinus infection. MY last pills were on a monday and today, wednesday I still feel  'in the clouds '.
I have SLE, and I tend to contract UTI 's pretty easily. Usually they 'll give me Keflex or Flagyl, both of which don 't seem to cut it. My current primary started prescribing it about a year and a half ago, and now I specifically ask for it. I had an AWFUL UTI for over a week, finally got to ER today, within a few hours, the worst of the symptoms were residing.... the burning, constant urge, abdominal and lower back pain/pressure. Honestly, I would give it 10 stars, but relief often comes at a price, although for me, they 're temporary side effects - bad migraines, yeast infections, worsened photo-sensitivity, drowsiness. All medications have potential side effects. Communicate with your doctor &amp; make sure it 's right for YOU.
I am on a much higher dose than most others here, 10 mg. I do have bipolar illness, perhaps that is why my cocktail also includes 400 mg lamictal and 25 mcg cytomel. I am stable after eight years with this combo. I still have manic episodes, but much more manageable, thank god! What is also nice is that the abilify is available as a generic drug. Beforehand it was $80/ month, even with excellent insurance. Worth a try!
I went on Lexapro about 4 months ago, for anxiety and panic attacks. While the anxiety had been worsening for the past few years (I 'm in my early 20s), I 'd started having panic attacks a few months prior to going on Lexapro. At first, I 'll admit that my anxiety worsened but that may be because I was nervous about going on medication, and was analyzing every thought.  But in about a week that passed and since then, Lexapro has definitely improved my daily life. I haven 't had any attacks for about 3 months, and I rarely have anxiety. When I do, I 'm able to overcome it much more quickly. 
I take 400 mg Seroquel at bedtime. I sleep a lot better but as far as my bipolar symptoms I see no real difference.
For Essential Tremor. Took me a long time to get used to side effects. Felt scared. Dizzy. Headache. Nausea. Increased heart rate. Anxious. Barely standing because I started too high at 50mg.  Need to start very low for me. I finally got better. No shakes. Very pleased. The Neurologist Office kept rescheduling me and I ran out. This second time starting was even more AWFUL. Flu like plus feeling kind of like I was in a total mental fog. Odd. Be cautious is my opinion. I was in misery for 3 days. Unable to function. Finally getting better. Day 5. Should have taken at bed time. Never knew.
I started using Uloric (40mg) on 8/18/09.  My uric acid was 12.8.  Blood work done 10/19 it was down to 6.9!  BUT, I developed a rash on one side of my face; cutting back to 40mg every other day and using an ointment to see if the rash improves.  Couldn 't tolerate any of the other medicines available for gout.
I suffer from chronic migraines, but I am only 15 years old. I had to be taken out of school for some time because of them. I was prescribed 10 mg of amitriptyline to take everyday it it has been great. I now get very few migraines and of lesser severity. I do though experience some dizziness wich made it harder to participate in sports, but over all my experience has been good.
At 7 yrs old my son was diagnosed with ADHD. We tried a few medications like Concerta &amp; Vyvanse. Both were terrible &amp; either made him a zombie or completely took his appetite away. I discussed with his doctor my concerns about his lack of weight gain &amp; she suggested Intuniv. We started at 1mg, increased to 2mg &amp; finally settled on 3 mg. He 's done wonderful with this dose for almost 2 &amp; 1/2 years. Since last Christmas things have taken a downfall &amp; so now we 're looking at increasing to 4mg. It makes me nervous.  I just hope I 'm making the right decision for him.
I feel like many people commenting must have pretty low pain tolerance...or else the fact that I expected my vagina being slathered in antifungal would be uncomfortable prevented me from being concerned when it was. Yes, there 's swelling. Yes, a different kind of itch/burn (way more tolerable than the YI). It was over completely in about 8 hours for me, and it was enough to make me irritable at times. However, on Christmas Day with zero other options....it was a lifesaver. Im only giving 8/10 because its only been 20 hours and there 's still just a slight itch, but I feel this will go away and it 's nothing compared to what it was before I used this product.
I took wellbutrin to help with motivation and energy, which were major sources of my depression. The first two weeks were absolutely terrible. The only side effect I had was night sweating, and it was so bad that I got no sleep every night. I would fall asleep and wake up covered in so much sweat there would be pools of water on my chest. Had to wear clothes from head to toe and sleep on a towel. After that it worked fine. However, it didn 't really help with the motivation. It gave me more energy, but didn 't allow me to use it for anything. That ended up increasing my anxiety. However during this period I did not experience a single side effect other than occasional chest pain which was probably from the anxiety/stress anyways.
So I 've been on the Doxycycline for a week now and I already notice a difference in my skin. For a person who 's alergic to benzoyl peroxide (main ingredient in acne medications) it was hard to find something for my acne. The only downfall I experience is the nausea and yeast infections.
I have been on both sythnoid and levothyroxineSince march 2015 and have  no issues with  either medicine.  Unless it was my fault for not  taking it. Very bad idea. My levels changed  for the better and my  dr took me off cold  turkey.  Not wise. So I took half a pill to be 25mg and I am fine. Once  in awhile  I feel nervous or anxious so I increase to 50mg . Then go back to 25mg.
I started this medication last year at 10 mg for my migraines. They were so severe I couldn 't function and they were almost daily for me. So my doctor prescribed me nortriptyline. It really helped almost immediately. However, about 1 month in I got super groggy and lethargic during the day for no reason. I decided that I would just stay on the medication anyway. I am so glad I did because this medication helps so much with my migraines. I am now on 20 mg and I only get a migraine once a month or less. I would highly recommend for people with chronic migraines.
The taste isn 't that Awful however I highly recommend taking it cold and I swished ginger ale in my mouth after each chug and the spit it out.  Helped with the taste.  It kicked in really quickly. Like 15 minutes after I finished drinking it.   It 's been 2 hours and I 'm still going but it 's clear.  I would suggest living in the bathroom for a few hours.  I couldn 't go far with out having to go that first hour.    I didn 't have any cramps or bloating or any other side effects.   If anything I feel better than I did before I started.  The prep and all that water sort of filled me up.
Hot flashes
While this medication alleviated the pain in my husband 's arm after taking it for about 5 years he was recently rushed into emergency surgery  with a large gastric ulcer. The condition came on without symptoms or warning. His surgeon said Mobic was the cause. If you take this medication do so with Extreme Caution.
I don 't think this drug does a whole lot for my pain but I think it keeps me from becoming depressed. It seems to work very well for stabilizing my mood.
The extended release Oxycontin works the same for pain relief as Percocet, but with barely any side effects.  Doesn 't make me nearly as foggy or give me that euphoric feeling that Percocet does.  I can focus better during the day and sleep through the night without waking up needing more pills.
i am on keppra 1000mg and 100mg yopamax daily.combination very effective but i am experiencing severe side effect  like tirdness fatigue and muscle weakness.difficult attend to my daily needs
Hello everyone,  I promised myself I would write a review on Next Choice - even if it worked or not. And now I 'm here to share my experience. So I had unprotected sex Wednesday night around 10pm (he jizzed inside of me) and let me tell you how truly scared I was! So I decide to take plan b pill the next morning however there was no plan b in stock so I had to settle for next choice 2 dose. Around 10am I swallowed BOTH .75mg pills with some water and a McDonald 's breakfast sandwich. So hours went by and I didn 't feel a single side effect. Surprisingly. However the next day or two I started to feel nauseous randomly and got frequent headaches. I never had any other problems.Today is Friday and I just got my period. Just be patient my loves!
I have been struggling with my weight most of my life.  Due to needing a total knee replacement was already trying to lose the 70lbs needed to have the surgery with little success.  Thank goodness, I was restarted on Victoza on October 16, 2017.  Since then, my blood sugar             has consistently been 110-120.  I have very little appetite along with nausea after the daily shot. I eat very little but was shocked to find out I am down 40 lbs since Oct 16th.  I honestly believe this is due to the Victoza and diurectics I have for excessive water retention.Thanks Victoza!
Tikosyn did restore sinus rhythm following unsuccessful cardioversion. As others have mentioned, cost is staggering and hoping for relief at some point. Side effects so far are fatigue and truly annoying headaches.
On Monday night I started experiencing a runny nose and  feeling kind of dizzy so I decided to go to bed. I woke up the next morning feeling terrible. I was aching the entire day all over my body. I had the chills, sore throat, headache, and a fever of 100.2. I felt like crap so I decided to go to the doctors and they tested me for the flu and it came back positive. I had influenza so my doctor put me on Tamiflu. The first night was the worst, I did eat something hoping the medication would give me no side effects, but I was vomiting and my body was aching so badly. It took me forever to fall asleep but when I woke up the next morning I had no aches and no chills. Each day was better being on Tamiflu.
I 've smoked for nearly 40 years.  Currently I 'm on my 7th day of taking Chantix but I quit smoking on my 5th day.  It 's good but for me the morning pill is far better at supressing cravings then the evening pill when I really struggle. So far I 've had zero side effects and have lost a pound.  I don 't understand the depression others are having as my mood has been very upbeat as I 'm so proud of myself for being two days smoke free.  I do believe the key is you have to want to quit.  Cigarettes are not our friends. I don 't want to be controlled by nicotine anymore - I wan 't my life back.
I started taking Abilify to compliment years of taking Effexor.  I am on 5 mg, and am experiencing many of the symptoms I am reading about here - weight gain, feelings of emptiness, and craving for sweets.  The good part of it is all the depressing and worrisome voices are out of my head.  The bad thing is the emptiness, but I figure I should filling that void with good things - hobbies, music, more quality time with my beautiful wife.  Maybe that 's the healing, not the pill.
80% effective at curbing my day to day anxiety with absolutely no side effects that I am able to determine. However, I still have spikes in anxiety. My doctor recently increased me from 150mg to 225mg in an effort to help with the spikes.
I have had 14 operations and where my back and neck was broke kills me. I have 4 bulging disc  and my m s contin 60 mgs is not working anymore
Started on losartan 50mg am and Metropolol 25pm. . BP Med works but I am getting side effects: confusion, Foggy, Frequent urination(stress incontinence), dizzy (drive time). Discontinued metropolol to atenolol (original Med) to 12.5 mg pm, low systolic . At wits end.
I have had anxiety/depression since giving birth to my son in 2001.  Panic attacks were really bad, I was put on Buspar, Xanax, Paxil.  They did not work for me.  Then I was put on Zoloft.   It worked for approximately 10 years.  Then it stopped.  The panic attacks came back and the depression was terrible.  I went to a therapist and a psychiatrist.  The psychiatrist took me off of Zoloft and put me on Prozac and Xanax. I would say that it took about 4-5 weeks for 20 mg of Prozac to kick in and help with the depression.  Then at week 9, the depression came back with more anxiety.  The psychiatrist upped my Prozac to 40 mg 1 X daily.  I feel that I am getting better.  The depression is lifting, although I still have panic attacks once in awhile.
Effective in reducing blood sugar level for 5 to 8 hours.
I have been on the patch for a month now and it works. No more hot flashes, night sweats, mood swings. It stays on all week and the only side effect I have experienced is mild headaches. The convenience of weekly application is great.
I have tried 3 different antidepressants throughout my life &amp; I have been on Pristiq for a year now. It worked really well to help my depression but 2 downfalls for me are massively low libido and withdraws before the tablet is due to be taken. Tingling, slow vision, what seems like electric currents going off in my head. Weaning off will be the biggest challenge due to rapid onset of side effects. I have read from people who tried to wean off them &amp; failed because they were quite unwell.
I absolutely love the fact that I do not have to worry about taking a birth control pill. I have had Implanon since February of 2009 and so far the only problem I have is unpredictable periods. At first, I did not have one, but as time went on I began to have one more often. My periods became normal (every 28 days), and then they began to get closer together...every other week, now it seems as if it has been on for months and will not go off. Considering the fact that I am a newlywed I am considering having it removed.
I 've had my Implanon for almost 3 years. Right after I got it put it I had a period almost everyday for 4 months! Now I have regular periods. I was lucky to have no period. I haven 't had weight gain, headaches, my acne has gotten pretty bad but mainly around the time to start. Although it wasn 't an ideal experience I still loved it because I didn 't have to remember anything or be extra careful. 
Kidney Stone &amp; Infection as a result... Asked for it specifically after the shot was effectiveWorks well for me in pill form tooSeems to help with swelling &amp; inflammation tooI am pleased with it. I 'd rather be taking it than a narcotic drug too.
I have only had Implanon since December 6th.  At first, I was super excited because I would not have to worry about birth control, I could have a stress free sex life with my husband.  Well I began my period that morning before the implant was in.  I figured, 5 days, and I would be okay.  My periods have never been just &quot;light days&quot;, but that is how this one was.  But, it lasted for about 2 1/2 weeks.  I spent a lot of time reading reviews and trying to determine if this was normal. After reading, I was convinced to wait it out and see if it would go away before contacting my physician. That was great advice. Right now, I feel great. no other effects at all!
My HB level was six but with the use of trihemic I was able to get it back up and maintain it at over twelve.
NuvaRing is the only birth control I 've ever used (other than condoms) and so far I like it. It 's a simple process to put it in and take it out and I love that I don 't have to stress about it every day. I used to have unpredictable periods so I LOVE knowing when it 's coming every month. Negatives. I have experienced some serious PMS symptoms since I 've been on the ring (not every time but I think it 's getting more frequent) like irritability and general emotionalness, some pretty severe cramps (which I rarely got before), and tiredness. Recently, I had a super heavy flow during my period plus cramps. I 've been getting some headaches and back pain too but I 'm not sure it 's because of the ring. I 've been on NuvaRing for about 6 months now.
I have only been on Lexapro 10mg for 5 days, but already my anxiety is better. I am a 16 year old, 5 '8 female, 280lbs. The side effects were pretty bad the first 3 days or so, nervousness, increased sweating, nausea, headaches, etc., but I 'm definitely starting to feel better. One positive side effect is that my appetite has decreased dramatically. Sometimes I have to make myself eat, and I can 't eat as much as before. Of all the side effects, I hope this one stays!
Day one, nausea, stomach pain, and when I woke up, horrible body pains, muscle pains and gas and bloating in the stomach.I am now on day 8 and the body pains are still here. My stomach looks like I 'm pregnant at all times. I can 't sleep at night, I wake up 3-4 times a night. Nausea is gone, stomach pains are rarely there. Still have dull headaches. Don 't know if I have gained weight. I seem to have slight trouble with my breathing. I do seem to be calmer and a bit less depressed but I don 't think it has helped my bipolar systems as of yet.
I 'm a 50 year old former alcoholic, sober for 23 years. While an active AA member over these years I 've found that I still suffered from extreme shyness and anxiety around others.  Doctor gave me some samples of Lyrica for Restless Leg Syndrome and I found that it made me quite sociable, talkative and able to let go some of my inhibitions, but without the sloppiness and horrible side effects as something like alcohol.  I 've tried Benzos and found they just made me feel dulled out and depressed.  Lyrica, used periodically (a few times a month) never fails to brighten my mood and make me feel a bit closer to people.  On the downside it also makes me feel closer to food. It 's very helpful for me.
I have had Skyla for over a year. The insertion was not as bad as I was expecting, however, I had a child a month prior. The only complaints that I have are the terrible acne and the difficulty I have had losing weight. I have not gained any weight, however, I have had a hard time losing the weight that I wanted to (only about 10lbs). Overall, the reason that this is available is for birth control. It has been extremely effective for what it was meant for.
I have had the Paragard IUD for about seven years now. The first few periods where really tough. I considered removing it. After a few months my periods were no different than how they were before. I can understand initial heavy cramping and bleeding that a few have mentioned. For me it did subside. My periods are relatively regular give or take a few days and last about 5 days. Not having to even think about birth control is such a luxury for a married person who does not want to become pregnant. Depending on the time of the month the string can hang a bit out of the cervix which can be bothersome (yes I check) otherwise I have no complaints. I 'm afraid it will hurt during removal though. :/
This is the 1st time I have taken Phent. Started 6 wks ago on 15 mg + w garcinia gambogia and I felt great and full of energy for 1st 2 wks. I am 5 '2&quot; and was at my highest weight 162 lbs. I have been going to the dr every 2 weeks and he also kept me on a diet. Low carbs, lots of veggies, fruit was ok. He has kept me on specified diet plans.   No more soda, or juices, or sweets. At 6th week he increased my dose to 30mg am +15mg noon. My insomnia is bad and I 'm more jittery. So I cut off lunch dose off until I feel better. I am now at 147. Not as much energy but not sleepy. Dr kept me on lower dose because I have meniere 's disease and my migraines are bad. I haven 't had any episodes of vertigos or migraines since on meds.
I had taken Micardis for about 3 years, starting from 40mg and recently 80mg. My doctor said the drug also helped prevent cardiovascular disease. The initial 40mg went well without any side effects. Blood pressure was consistently 130-140/80-90. A few months ago when I turned 38, during my routine blood pressure checks, I noticed that it was 140-150/90-100 even with the 40mg pill. Monitored this for about 2 weeks and it remained thereabouts. After consulting my doctor, he recommended a higher dosage of 80mg. It worked, and the pressure stabilized at 70-90/120-140. However, I did notice a slight discomfort in my respiratory tract or somewhat a mile heartburn (I think!).
been taking this med for over one year now originally my doctor prescribed it for Kidney stones which now helps with my prostrate and bladder issues  allowing me to have a normal urine flow. Also at one time noticed within a day or two of not taking the med began having a urine flow issue with a noticeable shrinkage in the penis while attempting to urinate. Once back on the medication all issues seem to return back to normal. I take the med in the mornings with all my other medications and supplements and do not experience any side effects by doing that.
I 'm a 22 year old female. I got put on bupropion for major depression. I started about 11 weeks ago at 75mg 2x a day then my Dr. up 'd to 100mg 2x a day a few weeks ago. It took a month to start feeling better but definitely improved my mood, less irritable, more energy, more focus. I have more positive thoughts now although I still feel emotional sometimes. Some side effects in the beginning were sore throat, ringing in the ears, and really crazy dreams. They 've all gotten better. I have a hard time falling asleep but no insomnia and as for drinking on this medication it 's different for everyone but I took it slow, no hard alcohol, just occasional beers.
My husband is diabetic and takes Victoza. He has lost a substantial amount of weight since he has been on it and he eats CONSTANTLY!  We have had to buy him a whole new wardrobe.  I went to the Doc last week and I am pre-diabetic and have been on Metformin for about a year.  The Doc suggested I take Victoza to help me lose weight and bump my A1C on down. I started out at 1.2 mg dose and so far I just feel a little nausea when my blood sugar drops. I just eat a little something or pop a hard candy into my mouth and the feeling goes away.  I have only been taking the shot for 4 days but I have already lost 3lbs. I will check back after a few weeks with an update.
I 've had psoriasis for 48yrs. I had my 3rd shot a few weeks ago. My psoriasis have cleared up 85% and helping Arthritis. I had tried everything you could think of. I 'm glad my Dermatologist suggested this to me.
First colonoscopy so I have nothing to compare it to, but I found my experience better than a lot of these reviews. My suprep was a cherry flavour (like others, it doesn 't mention the flavour anywhere on the bottle) with a bitter aftertaste. Upon first chug, didn 't seem so bad, but it built pretty quickly. I can definitely see how others might throw this up. I chugged about 3oz at a time, stopping for a few minutes each time and sipping some yellow Gatorade to wash away the flavour. I felt a bit nauseated, but the breaks helped to calm it down a bit. The prep worked within 45 minutes each time, and as long as you followed the soft diet and then liquid diet instructions, it 's really not bad. It might save your life, so just get  'er done.
My child cannot swallow pills so the chewable Zyrtec is wonderful. Quick tip: to avoid drowsiness the next morning take your dosage by early evening (don 't wait until bedtime) by doing so you 'll get a comfortable nights sleep while breathing easily too.
I was in bed, aches, chills, 102 fever, dizzy, all the good stuff that comes with the flu - just miserable.  I tested positive for the flu and took my first dose that evening.  Within a day and a half, I feel so much better.  I still have some symptoms, but I don 't feel like I 'm knocking at death 's door.  
I 'm 37 and on my second Mirena; so a total of 8 years I 've relied on it as a form of birth control.  Overall I 've been happy with the device. However a few of my friends had it inserted around the same time as I did and had different experiences.  One had it in for 5 years with no side effects but got terrible infections after putting in the second one.  Another friend got bad acne and had it remove within a couple months while a third, who happens to be a doctor, got very oily scalp and removed it as well.  I still recommend it over the pill anyday.
I 've tried Testim, shots, and now Axiron and find that Testim stuck to everything and shots are good, but lose potency near the end of the cycle. Axiron is messy and I can see how two pumps can get into one 's system. It leaks everywhere until it dries, however, it seems to be better than the others.
I am still in the early stages of using this medication. My fourth week. It has really helped with the back pain. Although I still feel pain, it is not continuous in all areas of my back. It is now just if I tweak the source. I did not heed the warning to avoid alcohol the first week and was very ill as a consequence.  I was vomiting for 2 days afterwards and very dehydrated. My own fault. I am going to speak to my doctor to see if we should add to the dosage to try and get rid of the pain completely. I am currently on 10mg per night. Although I don 't drink much, I do feel that I don 't have the freedom to choose if I would like to drink. So, this is the down side to this medication. However, I would love to get rid of back pain for good!
I am 7 years post gastric bypass had lost 90 lbs, had a baby and gained back 40lbs mostly because I was hungry all of the time.  I should have talked to my surgeon sooner.  My daughter is now 4 and I just talked to him last week.  He said it is common and in his experience qsymia works well because it stops the hunger and allows the surgical tool to work again.  Okay.. worth a shot, even at the cost. I was 194 last Tuesday. It is Monday and I am 188. I 'd say it works pretty damn well. I have not been hungry at all  I have had some strange side effects. Day 2 was the worst with some confusion and fatigue but it passed soon enough. Today I have some tingling in my face that I am really hoping is related to waxing and not the drug.
Dry cough a nuisance but this is the best of all the medications used to treat my husband 's hypertension.
I had paragard for 8 years, I was loving it the fact there is No hormones. I did not have any side effects of weight gain, ache, or anything. However about 7th year my cramps on my left side lower body were getting bad week prior to the menstrual cycle, pain level an 8. But more recently my pain was so significant that I was taking 600mg at the bare min. twice a day. My muscles in my buttocks was knotted up down to my frontal thigh. Extreme pain. Missed days of work. I recently had it removed already I feel SO MUCH better. Love&amp;Hate Paragard.
I am finally sleeping through the night since I started taking this!
Helps me sustain attention and have consistent energy levels (especially when combined with Adderall XR). I 'm motivated, not elated, high or hyper on a dose of 10mg. Con: Short-lasting.
A 12-day course of Cipro completely eradicated my prostatitis. If I recall correctly, symptoms (urine frequency, urine speed, weird feeling beneath testes) were completely gone about half way through the course. I am now a few months removed from that treatment, and have developed some GI problems. Currently undergoing tests, so may or may not be related to the Cipro; correlation does not = causation. MAKE SURE YOU TAKE A GOOD PROBIOTIC, especially Florastor/Sacchormyces Boulardii.  I did NOT.
Overall this was very effective with no issues to note other than those described as common side effects. I had no weight gain, no mood changes, no spotting, was regular like clock work after the initial few weeks after insertion. Granted, it isnt pleasant to have fitted but is much less uncomfortable to have removed (like removing a tampon really).  In the UK (i am English), we the cost of birth control and follow up care is free on the NHS. I had the Mirena for the full 5 years and only experienced a pre menstrual facial spot and 3 days of mild tummy bloating prior to each predictable and very light two day bleed. This is my full and honest experience.
I found cardura a wonderful drug which made my urine flow so easily and cured the discomfort I used to feel during urination. I felt no side effects either.
This was the first birth control I have ever taken but I was on it for about 5 years. I had no complaints the entire time, normal period, my weight remained the same, no drastic or bad side effects. All of a sudden I got a random period 2 weeks after I had just had one. This period lasted about 2 weeks and was extremely heavy where I was bleeding through anything within 2 hours or less! I thought maybe it was because I missed a dosage but I had tests done for other things and I was completely fine but the bleeding would not stop until finally I discontinued using the pill and the bleeding stopped.  It was really weird but for the 5 years I was on this pill I really had no complaints whatsoever.
Hey, I 'm 18 and having a colonoscopy tomorrow. They put me on moviprep and it 's working! Started off chasing it with some ginger ale bt after the first 8oz I was gagging. I bought some MELON POWERADE and it went down easy. Just add some ice and mix the moviprep in, and it went down like a charm. I still havnt had the second &quot;installment&quot; at 4am bt I 'm sure it 'll go down just as easy as the first dose. plain it tastes retched like this lemony salty gooey water but mix it up and you 'll be fine.
I 've been on the patch for a month now. So far so good. My breasts look great I 've even have a butt now which I 'm happy about it. My only complaint is that the first day putting it on it itches. I have a lot of sex drive. Loving the patch so far.
Definitely side effects but tolerable! The first night I couldn 't sleep and day 2-4 mild stomach pains and nausea. I also had some anxiety along some crazy dreams at night. The taste was bad but I always immediately washed it down with food and juice. I admit I expected it to be a lot worse but the biggest challenge was not being able to drink!As a bonus, my rosacea has almost completely cleared in one week. Who knew!!
I have just started this medication for withdrawing from alcohol. I have found it very good if anyone wants to stop drinking I highly recommend this medication. 
I used Dulcolax for Women. Gentle it said, HAHA. The package said takes 6/12 hrs. It DID NOT take that long, I began to feel the effects from 1 pill after just 2 hrs. I had been constipated for 4 days. At 2 hrs, my stomach began to hurt (took w/ food), my chest began to hurt from my pulse racing, then my back started to hurt from my horrible stomach pain. I was worried. At the 4 hr mark, I was in the bathroom, the first time was ok, so I thought problem solved. Oh no, 15 mins later I started having horrible abdominal cramps and ran to the bathroom, for a 10 minute stay. Then 15 mins after that I was in the bathroom for what I can only describe as horrific and the most intense/never-ending bowel movement of my life. Don 't count on 6/12 hrs
I experienced difficulty in obtaining orgasm while taking 5mg of Lexapro. Buspirone did the trick. When I upped my dose of Lexapro to 7.5mg, I began experiencing trouble reaching orgasm once more. I 've let my doctor know and we 're working on a solution. Most likely I 'll up my dose of Buspirone from 10mg daily to 20mg.
I have been on Sprintec for a month now, and have not had a problem with weight gain, but for the first 2-3 weeks my skin was terrible! It cleared up after that, however. I don 't feel hungry as often because I almost constantly feel nauseous and have headaches. The most notable side effect is the cramps. Even though I 'm not on my period, I have terrible cramps that makes it feel like I am! Got to my first week of white pills and no period.
I was stressed due to work and began taking 10 mg. it worked when I took it which was maybe twice a week. 7 months after starting the med, I thought s bug was in my ear. After seeing one walk in clinic Doctor and an ear nose throat hearing test and X-ray, I went to my family doctor. She narrowed it down to this medicine because I take no other meds and have no other health concerns.my age is 39 female.
Just started Lyrica for pain with multiple sclerosis. Numbing/tingling/foot drop /balance issues all standard with MS. 75 Mg per day and already noticed difference...I can move my toes! Pain is reduced. Gabapentin did not help, baclofen or flexeril same. So far lyrica is doing the trick for me. Dr increasing Lyrica slowly each week to find the right dosage.
I have taken hydrocodone for several years due to severe back pain. I have osteoporosis which has resulted in several compression fractures. My back is a mess. I have had multiple surgeries for stenosis and disk problems. I have tried all the pain killers, Oxycontin, MS morphine, Lortab, etc. Norco works the best and I have only minimal side effects. I have taken the Norco 10 's, one every 4-6 hours for the past 5 years. I am able to work and function almost normally with the pain killers.
I was diagnosed with MRSA in the hospital. The infectious disease doctor said I was lucky that it responded to Zyvox. It 's a much better and easier alternative to IVs for a month. The medicine did make me feel nauseous. It was however very effective.
This used in conjunction with Cymbalta is about as good as it gets for nerve pain. In the past I was given Neurontin, Gabapentin, and many others but none were as effective. On the down side I found that the Lyrica in higher doses (150MG - 600MG)  left me tired and unable to enjoy my days. I found that I received no greater pain relief taking the larger doses, just more / worse side effects. Even with Lyrica and the Cymbalta some people with extreme pain may still need to use some other type of pain relief in addition to this drug. I take 300MG of Lyrica spread over 4 doses per day and the Cymbalta, and 120MG of OxyContin and up to 40MG Oxycodone for breakthrough pain. In severe cases, a second anti-depressant may be needed in addition to The Cymbalta to help fight the depression that comes with chronic pain.The big down side to both of these name brand medicines is the cost. A months supply of Lyrica with no insurance is over $330 and the Cymbalta will set you back just over $300 each month. Even with insurance these both will end up on the top tier (My co-pay is $50.00 each) and neither of them has a generic equivalent.
I just started taking Baclofen in March of 2014 with almost immediate relief. I had a mini stroke back in 2007 and have been dealing with spasticity in my right leg ever since. I was at the point where my leg was so tight it was hard to walk. Anyway after two days of taking Baclofen 10mg twice per day I feel like a new man. My muscles in my right leg have just completely relaxed after taking Baclofen and it 's just an amazing feeling after seven years of tightness in my leg and the last two being just agonizing.
I have been using Viagra for 8 years and finally could not keep up with the cost ! Started out affordable now almost $30 per pill ! My doctor gave me a sample of Stendra and it is awesome ! No headache, immediate response (take it on empty stomach with a glass of water) and I get 3-4 erections and longer performance. My partner is loving this!
My obsessive compulsive disorder is lifted and is relieved almost immediately best pill ever!
I am surprised there was no one here taking prednisone for fibromyalgia. I take this and 500mg of naproxen daily and am almost pain free.
My skin cleared up within a few months! (I was also on Doxy and used clindamycin though) I dropped 15 pounds, and I never got the emotional side affects or anything. Although, I never got cramps before and now I get some rough ones. They 're not unbearable, but they hurt and need a heated blanket sometimes. I also have a longer/heavier period. Went from 3 days to 5/6. (I had a super light period and I 'd consider it pretty normal now so it 's not awful.) I 'm also not currently pregnant.
Very difficult to get down.  Could not finish all of second dose, left about 2 ounces.It worked very quickly.  Just some hints that might help you.  Drink it very cold.If hard to sip, just gulp it down.  Suck on hard candy in between each glass.  Usemoistened wipes to alleviate burning rectum, also used Preparation H.  Glad its all over and I hope everyone 's results will be as good as mine.  Can wait 3 yrs for next one.  Hopefully, by then they will have something more palatable.
Omg!!.. im 25 yrs old and 2 months post knee surgery. I continued to have pain due to arthritis in my knee my Dr gave me the synvisc-1 shot and im now 3 days post my shot(8-9-16) i feel sooo much better and can walk sooo much better. I was nervous after reading reviews but i have one of the best Drs in the nation here in LA so i trusted him.. Everyone 's body is different and will receive medications differently so i try not to go off of reviews. I cant wait until a few more weeks from now to see how much better i am.
I started Sinemet 25/100mg and within 2 hrs my tremor stopped. I still get some but not as bad as before. My walking also improved.
I got ParaGard as my first form of birth control because I didn 't want to deal with hormones. I went through 2 models within 5 months. It turned out that my uterus was too small for the IUD. While I was on it though, the only side effects I had was a slight increase in my period (two days longer and a little bit heavier) and a more sensitive cervix. If my boyfriend even slightly hit my cervix, it would send a jolt of pain up my spine. I really didn 't mind it and I wish I could still be using it. I wouldn 't worry about the copper. And because it 's hormone-free, there is very little risk of having symptoms caused by chemicals (like moods or weight-gain).
I am feeling much better, been on this for about a month, I can feel my sexuality coming back and I am much more positive.  Everyone should be told that this medicine could cause severe nausea and vomiting.  I mean bad, but well worth it.  Nausea starts first at the lower doses and then EXPLOSIVE diarrhea sets in for at least a week.  I 'm continuing treatment, I feel much better and gastrointestinal side effects are going away slowly.  Feel great, but prepare for the diarrhea.
I was on Risperdal and I was always sleeping, gained much weight and craved for sugar. When I switched to Invega my weight went back too normal, suffer few side effects such as restlessness and sometimes anxiety but it beats those other anti-psychotics because fewer side effects and no weight gain for me. I don 't like any of these medicines but I look like I 'm not on any, so far so good.
I have been using this pill for 1 week now, this is my first birth control pill I have used. I am 15 and mainly wanted it for my acne and I had really really bad cramps and heavy periods. my OBGYN told me to start it on the day I started my period so I did that. The first day my head felt cloudy, and I felt as if I was high. When I woke up the next morning I had to run to the bathroom and threw up, mainly just dry heaves. I normally bloat when I 'm on my period but I seem bigger than usual and my breast are extremely tender. But other people said it decreased there sex drive but I feel like it has done the complete opposite for me. My periods normally last for 8 days and I 'm on my 4th right now with little to no bleeding.
I have just taken out my Implanon for about a month ago and I had used it for 3 years and a few months. I really liked the Implanon. It worked, I didn 't get pregnant. My periods was usually light and last a few day. I didn 't have any complication. The only thing that I didn 't like was that I gained 30lbs. I felt like I was always hungry and so I was always eating. I tried working out but I didn 't lose much weight during the first 2 year. But during the last year it started getting easier for me to lose weight so I 'm guessing it 's because the Implanon started to fade. And I also have a sister who used it. She didn 't have any problem or anything but she just gained weight. But besides that it was good.
Tastes gross, definitely chill it first. Also, taking sips of ginger ale after each gulp helps. Felt a little nauseous at first, that subsided, not as quickly in round 2.Took about 15 mins to kick in the 1st round, 10 for round 2. Round 2 in progress. Seems to be rooting the roto as promised.
Overall I 'd say it worked for a bit. Not sure if I should have had my dosage increased when the side effects started back up, or if it was because I messed up my scheduling for taking it. It put my anxiety through the roof. More anxiety than I 'd ever had naturally. I got it mostly for depression/possible bipolar, and it worked for the most part until the side effects kicked in, save for the random swells of depression that wouldn 't last for more than two hours but felt so much worse than the stable depression I 've had for years. I 'd recommend it for someone who 's better at keeping appointments than I am.
I have had fibromyalgia symptoms for over 2 years now, muscle cramps that stay in a locked position for days.  I am in constant pain.  I have only been on venlafaxine  for not quite a week and have to admit it has controlled the pain to a dull ache instead of the throbbing pain before.  My doctor started me out on 37.5 mgs and after 4 days we increased it to 75 mgs.  I seem to tolerate this dosage well.  I am happy with the benefit of helping my anxiety level. I see hope at the end of the pain tunnel.
After reading these reviews I was very skeptical to try this once it was prescribed. I&rsquo;ve tried over the counter monistat for yeast infections and the burning was almost unbearable.. so I was scared to use another vaginal cream. But to my surprise this did not burn AT ALL. There was a irritating tingling feeling on day one BUT a yeast infection is already irritating and it went away in like an hour. Day two I woke up a little itchy once I took the cream the symptoms went away almost immediately and I was good all day. Today is day three and I&rsquo;m excited that I Almost feel back to myself! I would recommend this. I have had no side effects the only thing is some of the cream will come out so wear some panties you don&rsquo;t care about or a liner lol !
I experienced severe postpartum depression after my twins were born, actually it started after I stopped breastfeeding them.  My hormones were all over the place.  I was sleep deprived and suicidal.  Paxil worked great on my depression, but I had negative side effects. First of all, it really flattened my emotional response.  Nothing much upset me, but nothing made me excited either.  I had zero sex drive and could not achieve orgasm at all.  I also gained a lot of weight in a very short amount of time.  Also, I had trouble falling asleep.  I switched to Wellbutrin, and actually lost weight. I would still have difficulty coping some days, but it was manageable, and no negative side effects.
Crohns Disease 10 years - just started it as needed recently. Has saved me several from having to go to the ER. Slows my bowels so I don 't have loose stools while traveling. Works quickly. Little to no side effects - 10mg
I actually have Bipolar Disorder (mainly mania). The first 2 weeks of Rexulti were rough because I  got tons of restlessness and akathisia. I stopped for 3 days and restarted at 0.5mg. Each week increased by 0.5mg until I got to 2mg. No problems with restlessness.I am on Lithium as well, but before the addition of Rexulti I was not doing that great with respect to bipolar cycling into mania. I have been stable since the start of Rexulti with the exception of 4 days where I was depressed/mixed, but this is because I stopped my meds for a few daysIt gives me slight increased in motivation and better time-management, which really surprised me given my past experiences with AAPs. My mood if definitely more stable and I am not suffering the highs that come with mania
As a firearms, knife and self defense instructor, this product is GREAT.  Better than triple antibiotic ointment.
I have had the insertion for about five months and it was good for the first month and a half, forgot it was even there. During the middle of the second month I started spotting enough to have to wear tampons everyday and I 'm up to my fifth month and still spotting. I 'm cranky and it drives me nuts but other than that it 's a good method. Everybody reacts differently.
Unisom definitely makes good on its word. Within about 15-30 min after taking a pill, drowsiness comes into play, with sleep following soon after. Expect irritability. Especially when someone or something is causing you to come in and out of your sleep. After waking, expect 4-5 hours of drowsiness, and at least 5-8 hours until all side ffects clear.
I am on my 3rd month close to the sugar pills and I have been spotting for the past week and a 1/2. I 've gained 10lbs, experience pimples here and there, mood swings, and a decrease in sex drive! I 'm not sure if I like the pill yet or not b/c my body hasn 't had time to completely adjust. I hate the spotting and cramps but my breast did grow and the 1st few months on it was great. I think I 'll try another pack to see if my body adjusts.
I was on Junel FE 1/20 for almost 3 years mainly to treat my Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome and for birth control. I took it consistently and I never got pregnant during this time and my cysts did get smaller. I also noticed that I gradually got less acne to the point where I only have 1 or 2 breakouts per month now (but I had acne before I even started the pill). My breasts grew 1 cup bigger for the first 2 years. However, after the 1st year, I noticed that my periods became very light and I would miss my periods for consecutive months. I noticed that my breasts went back to its original size during the third year. Also, I lost my sex drive in the third year due to dryness in my vagina, so I decided to switch.
Worked but had to stop because my kidney creatinine level was too high.
Very expensive though.
I have had high blood pressure for over a year and just started taking Hyzaar 2 days ago and already my blood pressure is 125/75.  This is at least 20 units drop in each number and I have not experienced any side effects yet. I feel a lot better.
I had a Staphylococcus Aureas infection. I had to take 4 times a day for 10 days, do recommend a probiotic. Had chapped lips and drainage of the scalp from staph infection, however after 2nd day, oozing did stop, after day 4, chapped lips went away. I did experience a heat rash and some intense cramps and bloating, but my skin did clear up really well, all my acne cleared. Did experience some nausea and diahrrea. Overall it took care of the problem for the time being but I finished my treatment last week and my chapped lips are back.
I have mainly taken 36 mg doses of Concerta from middle school through 25 years old. I start the morning with 10 mg Ritalin then take Concerta 3-3.5 hrs later. Due to its appetite suppression, I come home weak from hunger after 9 hrs of work, but my mental focus keeps me going and I get irritable if something gets in my way. If I give in to my weakness, I will slump on the couch and think about all the things I need to do. I never fully rest mentally, though it alleviates some of the hyperactivity. I have severe ADHD that affects my friendships, marriage, and helpfulness. My aunt switched to Adderall from this because it helps you initiate tasks, which Concerta doesn 't. I will try Vyvanse, which is extended release Adderall.
I 'm 22, normal weight, healthy. I was nauseous and broke out for the first week. My boobs were basically always tender, but they also swelled (I 'm like an A cup, so I saw that as a plus). I have always been an easy-cryer, and it did intensify that. I 've always had a low libido so I don 't think changed MUCH (although my libido went way up after getting off of Sprintec). I was sad to have to get off it because I had such minor side effects, but the issue I had was bleeding for 7 months. It was light- I went through about 2 panty liners per day and didn 't need to sleep in anything- until the last week when I got fed up. I bled so much that I was blacking out and feeling sick. I stopped cold turkey and got headaches but the bleeding is over!!!
I would take two 500mg pills once a day. I used it for occasional tooth aches because of my braces. It helped alot. Alot better than ibuprofen or naproxen actually.
I got this implant October 2014. I had terrible side effects for about the first month. Dizziness, diarrhea, nausea, and I was always tired. Like. Always. I would fall asleep and my boyfriend would wake me up and I didn 't even know I was sleeping. 5 minutes later I would fall asleep again. It really sucked and I thought about removing it. I also had very irregular bleeding for maybe 5 months. I 'm glad I did not get this removed!!! All of those symptoms stopped after the first month (besides the bleeding). Now that I 've had it for over a year and a half, I never get a period, just occasional spotting every 3 or 4 months. Besides when first inserted, I haven 't had any pain in my arm. Despite the initial side effects, I recommend this
I started taking Marlissa about 5 months ago and when I first started taking it it took about a month for me to adjust. I had mood swings, worsened anxiety and depression, and I was tired all the time. The pros of this pill were decreased acne and my boobs got bigger! My period is also now 3 days instead of 7 and I have basically no cramps. The reason I started taking the pill was because of my extremely painful cramps and it did its job of taking them away which I am grateful for. I have recently realized I have been getting panic attacks a week before my period and I am not sure if it is because of the birth control or just me.
I 'm 47 and seem to not be able to move the scale to lose the last 15 pounds. My doctor suggested trying this combo, she said it was cheaper to buy it separate than buying the pill that has both combined. I use the goodrx app on my iphone and each prescription ran me about $10. This is only my 2nd day. I couldn 't sleep last night and have had a headache and diarrhea today. I don 't know if it 's the med or if I just picked up a bug. I had no desire for food last night. I don 't drink coke but had one today because I felt bad and couldn 't drink it, it tasted funny. I 'm going to give it a week.
So I have been on the pill for just over a month and have noticed my acne get a bit worse. Other than that, it 's all positive. Absolutely no mood swings (if anything it has made me more calm)... zero cramps and lighter period. My boobs have increased at least a full cup size! Will give this a try for at least another 5 months as I have heard that acne can get worse before it gets better :)
I am 63 and have had CPTSD all my life.Prazosin has helped a lot.BUT it 's been rocky. The first dose I took felt like a miracle.  I was serene and amazed. But then my nervous system got confused.  Used to the constant fight stimulus.I would get wired taking it before sleep.  Took it during the day which helped.  WHAT I experienced felt like when one 's arm goes numb and then circulation returns.  My whole body felt like it was coming alive again.  It hurt but I knew it was good.  My digestion worked better.  (makes sense) I had insomnia about 3 nights a week.After 2 months I 'm so so much better - hardly any hypervigilance, less nightmares.So decrease the dose if you need to and gradually build it up if you have the problems I had.
Sprintec was the first birth control that I started taking when I was 17. I immediately got cystic  back acne (like really bad) a month after taking it. I didn 't think anything of it, so I just continued to take it and I thought that the  back acne was a new thing for me. Sprintec gave me my boobs, I had nothing before and I am now a 36c. Though, I have also gained about 30 pounds since I started taking this four years ago (most of the weight gain I contribute to my laziness and poor eating and just growing). Four years later, my cystic acne is still horrible, I have scars like crazy on my back. Recently, I have been feeling not depressed but not happy and I started spotting like every day. I just switched over to Tri-Sprintec to hopefully help.
For years I 've been waking-up up to 40 times at night. No issue falling asleep but would wake up constantly &amp; remember my dreams extremely well. Often unpleasant. I was totally exhausted and had to face busy days as a working mum. I was sent to a neurologist, put on antidepressants, finally had a polysomnography showing I had an irregular REM sleep. For an unknow reason (still unknow until this day) I wake up for a few seconds and go back to sleep, constantly. Doctor put me on Hypovase which didn 't make much difference. I 've now been on Clonazepam for a few months (from 0.25mg to 1g now) It allows me to stay asleep deeply for up to 4-6 hours on good days. It is not perfect but definitely helping. No side effects either. I feel much better.
I have to take daily opiates due to chronic back pain despite three back surgeries, including lumbar fusion. I tried everything but always would ultimately get backed up. I tried Movantik at one point a couple years ago, but it gave me bad stomach cramps, so I quit. At that time, I had some partial impaction.  I recently did a magnesium citrate flush, like prepping for a colonoscopy. I then tried Movatik again and have a bowel movement within an hour or so. I do get some stomach cramps but only for 1-2 hours. Taking 1-2 doses of Miralax a day can help if stool is hard. The big negative is cost.
This medication has changed my life. It 's been a miracle drug for me after cycling through different meds for the last 3 years, trying to find what worked. I 've powered through the nausea and vomiting and diarrhea for the last two months. Unfortunately I 'm at a point that I am not sure I want to continue the medication due to the nausea. Beside that, I haven 't experienced any other side effects.
My first and second dose made me very sick n nausea. I don 't know if I 'll feel the same on my 3rd dose. I almost gave up but I 'm on my 3rd dose.
I am subject to relatively frequent gout flare up, every 2-3 months or so. At the first symptoms I take one 0.5 mg of colchicine every three hours and most of the time after 2-3 pills the pain is gone. I also take 1-2 pills of imodium to avoid the diarrhea.It works fine for me
Most insurance companies won 't pay for this drug since its a diet pill.I agree with everyone about it helping to control your appetite and help you &quot;maintain&quot; after you are done with the medication.  This is an addicting drug, so you don 't want to be on it for long.  I lost 35 lbs, it took me a year, but I am able to maintain now. I weigh myself every other day and if I gain a few, I watch myself for the next few days.  FYI, I didn 't really exercise either.Just my thoughts.  Good luck to you all!!!
This little pill is great if used rarely because I myself become very tolerant of Atarax if I use it for more than 2 days in a row if you are really stressed. Tense or suffer from anxiety I think it 's the best because it 's not real habit forming! The only downfall for me is even in the 25mg dose it causes quite the hangover or I should say a daze for about 5 to 8 hrs the next day but no extreme side effects - just really relaxed. 
Edex began to work this first time in about 5 minutes. I took 10 mg and it produced the best erection I could manage with a pump, with sildinafil, or any other way. Adding 10 mg more within 20 minutes improved the rigidity a bit, but the overall erection was probably at 80% of in my youth. I feel no burning, but I do feel what feels like a pressure in my prostate. I just got a TURP and still feel the effects of that surgery a bit, since it has been 6 weeks ago. This may just be what happens with my initial dose. If 20 mg doesn 't work, I 'll try doubling that. 20 mg would probably suffice for insertion during sex, but I doubt if if would feel good for me or her.
I 've been on sertraline for about 6 months now and I have started to notice I am much more confident in social situations and outside the house.  I suffer with Bipolar 2 and anxiety and often won 't leave the house because of this anxiety.  My social anxiety is much better on sertraline compared with other SSRIs.  It has made getting to sleep more difficult, but I tend to take the tablet mid-afternoon which helps.  It 's had no effect on my trichotillomania and not a huge effect during my depressive periods.  The mood stabilizer lamotrigine has been a better antidepressant.
Savella gives an energy boost. My Pain Doctor has me on Cymbalta and Savella. I did question the Doctor about Serotonin Syndrome but She wasn 't concerned. Several years ago, I stopped taking Cymbalta and the Brain Zaps lasted nine months. Then my depression returned and ended back on the Cymbalta. I don 't think they mix well for me as I am extremely agitated and hostile and still depressed. I will be talking to my doctor about how to wean off Cymbalta and perhaps finding a different antidepressant.  Savella has helped with my pain but I do have a rapid heart beat and panic attacks. Plus, I suffer restless leg Syndrome and it is so painful. Can win for losing.
So far this medication 's only flaws for me are, weight gain, and lack of ability to stay asleep which was a factor prior but seems to be enhanced. Well my doctor said those symptoms I 'm experiencing are those of depression..and upped my dosage to 20mg. It 's only been about a steady two months approx, a little less, and I feel better; I still feel anxiety which I would say comes with my depression but it doesn 't bother me as much to go and be social as before.
For the most part, my experience on this medication has been very positive. It makes me feel better, my skin has cleared up, and my hair and nails even look healthier. However, I have noticed some weight gain (10 lbs) or so and I cannot seem to lose it. However, compared to other medications this is one of the few I can tolerate.
I have a case of gastroparesis and it stopped me from going a lot of places and hanging out with my friends. It helps with the mild nausea really, really well, but when it gets severe, lets just say, its useless! That 's the reason why I gave it an 8 because when its severe that 's when I really need it.
I 've been on trintellix now for over a month. I 've been on many meds for depression and anxiety. This one seems to work quite a bit on depression, but not anxiety. I had a bit of nausea in the beginning, but started taking the pill before bed and that seemed to work for me. I did have some constipation issues that were actually quite painful, but it only last a few days. Overall this medication does work faster than most I 've been on. I just wish it worked for my anxiety as well.
Diagnosed 20  years ago with bipolar 1.  Struggled for years to try and manage depression with Paxil and anti anxiety meds.  The ups and downs were absolutely wearing me out!  Finally, Latuda was advised by my therapist for my psych to prescribe.  8 days in and I feel almost normal!  I say &quot;almost&quot; since there is that little uncertainty with any new medicine that it will have staying power.  So far, so good!
Afton works very well, however the last 3 or 4 bottles of the spray the I purchased over a year started smelling like mildew after a month or so. What is causing this? The expiration date on the container is 2 years away.
I started the 15 day trial about a week and half ago and I have lost 5 pounds.  I was already taking a different prescribed medication and I lost 30 pounds.  I wanted to try this to see how it worked. I changed my eating habits drastically months ago and I ride a bike 4 days a week. My appetite doesn 't seem any different with this pill and my energy is just like it was before hand.  But another 5 pounds off works for me.
I have taken 7 shots. My blood sugars have gone from 250 to 140 in the mornings waking up. I do have 2 knots just on each side of my navel. I have experienced the nausea and feeling sick within 24 hours of the shot. I have lost 12 pounds. That 's a lot considering I weighed 188 when I started and I 'm at 176 now. I 'm 6 '2&quot; tall and losing that much weight kind of scares me. I feel a lot better taking the Bydureon and I take 2000 mg metformin daily. This medicine has stabilized my sugar levels in 7 weeks.
I woke up with the worst pain last night and my mom told me to take Bactrim and it worked with in 15 minutes.  I have had many problems with my kidneys and taking this makes me feel great.
Well I 'm just starting it and so far it started working but I now have acne on my head. I 'm on 40mg and my acne is even spreading but I use creme face wash and it made me breakout. Its only been two weeks but it 's bad right now.
Overall satisfied. Makes periods predictable. I 've always had short periods with bad cramps, took away most cramps but still have pain and soreness. I 've noticed no weight change although my appetite changed a lot. Still gives me nausea and headaches. But overall satisfied
It caused cramps..and a bad metallic taste which last for a day or so that 's the only irritating part to me because everything i drink taste horrible!!
I have been taking 40mg of Nexium twice a day for about a year.  Prior to that I was taking a single 40mg dose per day, however I began to have more problems with acid reflux.  I began to lose my voice and had frequent chest pains.  The doctor doubled my dose and it seems to have helped.  No more chest pains and my voice is normal again.  I did everything the doctor suggested, I don 't eat or drink things that would make it worse.  I elevated my bed, stopped drinking coffee, etc.  Now seeing reports on television how taking Nexium for long periods can increase the risk of heart attacks, heart failure, and now dementia, my concern level is high.  I 'm just wondering what other people have done to help cut back on Nexium.  thank you.
Overall I feel the DEPO is excellent! About 11 years ago I started bleeding heavily and had an 18 week long period. I became anemic so they suggested the DEPO. Oh my gosh, it was awesome. I always had a week long period every 3 months right before I was due for the shot. I am 54 and thought I was getting menopause so I took myself off the shot. After tests saying I wasnt menopausal, I went back on the shot. One shot and I 've had 6 periods already with cramps like never before, Time for a hysterectomy I think.
I got Implanon in after I had my son Nov 2nd 2012 and have not really stopped bleeding since only 1 time, but that is it.  I have been bleeding off and on since July beside that I am gaining weight but that is not the problem. The bleeding is. I want to get this out I am trying to wait it out a little bit longer. I didn 't get pregnant again so that is a plus.
This is a great medicine.  I switched to this after taking lexapro and having some difficult-to-manage side effects.  I did not have any side effects at all on Prozac in the beginning.  I have noticed that recently I have more of an appetite. I monitor what I eat so I haven 't gained weight but it is more of a challenge.  My sister is also on the same dose but has not had the hunger side effect.
I have just requested to go back on Lexapro. I took it for several years and it worked wonders for my depression and anxiety. In 2005, I made the switch to Cymbalta due to my diagnosis of Fibromyalgia. Although Cymbalta seems to have helped with the pain, I have been so depressed and anxious. Not to mention my out of pocket costs for Cymbalta. I welcome Lexapro back into my life!
I have major depressive disorder. I have suffered very low energy since I was 12 due to depression. Sleeping or laying in bed for 16 hours was normal for me. I was on 200mg each morning in combination with anti-depressants and a sleeping pill at night. I noticed no side effects from modafinil. I am no longer on this medication because it did not help with my depression, just helped with a symptom of my depression. (low energy). I was put on an MAIO anti-depressant and therefore could not continue with this medication due to interactions. But it did give me energy.
I find it only works really well the day after you apply it. After that, you go back to sweating as normal. It cuts down the sweat a little but not completely. I 've been using it for about a year and keep continuing to use it because it 's the only product out there that works even a little bit. It 's not great but it 's decent.
the imuran sometimes upsets my stomach but the doctors say it is doing the job.
I have suffered with anxiety and depression for over 10 years. I get it in cycles and it would last for 3 months at a time. I can 't believe how stupid I was not to get help sooner. I went to the DR and he gave me citalopram 10mg one a day. Within 5 hrs of the first pill the anxiety had decreased.On week 5 and feel better.The only side effects have been hot sweats from time to time and wanting to sleep. I think I 'm on the mend.
I am Taking this medication for suspected mild pelvic inflammatory disease due to several bv cases as a precaution. I am talking 100mg twice a day for two weeks. Please note it was suspected due to tenderness.... this medication made my belly hurt but overall took away my pelvic tenderness so overall it 's pretty good. Drink plenty of water!!!Avoid sexual intercourse as well.
I started taking Linzess 3 weeks ago for IBS-C. I have suffered with IBS since I was 18 or so. If I didn 't take anything over the counter I could go 4-5 days without a movement. My Dr gave me the starting dose which had little effect for me. Once he called in the 290 mg I can 't believe the difference. Sure I 've had a couple of headaches and bloating, but it has been a God send to me. No diarrhea for me at all. I am going everyday, sometimes more than once a day and have actually lost 5 lbs. I am also surprised see when people say they 've experienced rapid weight gain because I 've experienced the exact opposite. Glad I didn 't read those reviews before starting!
When I apply Abreva at the very first tingle, it drastically reduces the amount that the cold sore grows to, and reduces my healing time in half. (Without Abreva, my cold sores usually last about 2 weeks from initial tingle to completely healed, and with Abreva only one week.)I get twice yearly outbreaks. Abreva would be more worth it if it were not so over priced.
If you 're suffering with acne, please go see a dermatologist! I wish I started going to a dermatologist when I first started getting horrible breakouts (the age of 9). I 'm currently 20. I took my first trip to the dermatologist about two or three weeks ago. I was prescribed Sumaxin wash, Acanya morning cream, Atralin night cream, and an oral medication but I forgot the name. My forehead is amazingly soft AND clear, and the deep scarring is going away in my cheeks, as well as the acne. I recommend these products to anyone and everyone suffering with acne. Great for people with sensitive skin. 
Took this for a very INTENSE intestinal bug that had me no more than 20 feet from the commode for 2 weeks. One dose and I could sleep again without soiling myself! (And there was much rejoicing.) Was prescribed 1 month of 500mg x 4. Stopping at two weeks because I cannot stay awake during the day, am extremely dizzy all the time, a lot of nausea, a bad disconnected feeling and have terrible dry mouth. Yes, it is the nastiest, bitterest pill I have ever had, (and I take 38 medical pills a day) but I put on my big boy pants and took my medicine and it cured my illness immediately.
Within the first few days of starting Savella the pain in my arms and legs had disappeared and I was more alert during the day.  I had slight nausea and sadness as I completed the titration process, but these symptoms did eventually go away.   One of the best things that happened during this time was that my weight stabilized after steadily gaining for 6 months due to the constant exhaustion.  Unfortunately my neck and back pain initially worsened but returned to my personal base line after a few weeks.  This pain has not gone away, but stayed with me.  My only problem may be something unique to me - It took away my drive to be active.  I finally have the energy, but now have no desire.  Wish I knew how to work this out.
I have been in a really bad funk for as long as I can remember and have been through a good amount. I won 't go into details because its not relevant. Also felt like my brain was foggy and mind constantly racing. I have social anxiety as well. I am on day two of lexapro and I think it 's working already. I feel warm inside, peaceful and am interacting with people so easily. It 's strange. I can 't explain it bit I feel peaceful, happy and not anxious. I haven 't felt this way in a long time. I get drowsy and my eyes get heavy randomly through out the day. I 've also started smiling randomly. I know this is sort of vague, I wanted to be straight to the point. I really hope this is it and I have found the right medicine and hope this lasts!
I have suffered with irritable bowel syndrome for over 15 years. In the last two years it got so bad I could not continue working. Seventeen months ago my GP gave me a prescription for 100mg to take at bedtime.  The first night I slept 14 hours and woke up high as a kite.  The following two nights I took a half and the next night a quarter with the same results and decided this medicine was not for me and returned to suffering.  Three months ago in desperation I took another 100mg pill and had the same experience for three days on just the one dose. After reading reviews stating that IBS patients were taking 10 to 20 mg I started on lower doses with success. I am now trying to determine my best dosage.
I have been on antidepressants since I was 15, now 23. Sertraline was great at first, changed my life for the better. Some side affects: sweating, migraines. Been on them for 5 years now and they stopped working about 12 months ago.
I switched to Tri-Sprintec because I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo and it was getting too expensive. I was terrified after reading reviews so thought I needed to post mine saying I noticed no change. I 've always had blemishes so I don 't blame Tri-Sprintec for that. It 's not any worse. No bleeding, period the same time and length and flow as before. No moodiness or cramps. My experience (two months so far) is that I feel like I 'm still on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo, my side effects didn 't change at all but I 'm saving so much money!
First couple of weeks I had insomnia and weird dreams and sometimes felt wound up.  But it did cut my craving for food and being hungry. A few times I felt that emotional need to binge on something but strangely, I really didn 't feel hungry and the emotional need quickly passed. I stopped taking it for two weeks while I was in the middle of a big project at work and really needed good sleep. After that, I started up again and the side effects are more manageable. Take a couple of Advil PM and my sleep is better and I 've lost 15 pounds in three weeks. This medication really works. I don 't feel the need to snack, eat less but have no problem enjoying a nice meal out eating anything I want and even desert on occasion. The side effects are less
After trying a few SSRIs that didn 't work (Paxil, Lexapro) and a very bad stint with Remeron (ended up collapsing one night on my 3rd week, all the while my sleep was getting worse).  Withdrawals from Remeron put me in a black hole.  I nearly gave up.  Started Zoloft and Ativan 1mg for sleep.  Headaches, dizziness, and exhaustion for several weeks (could also be the underlying depression) but I finally got stable enough to leave my parents house and get my life together.  Medication didn 't really help my sleep (no antidepressant has) but it did help my social and general anxiety.  Marked somnolence and felt very apathetic on it.  No lows, but no highs.  Helped GAD/SAD but not depression.  I 'm sensitive to meds and I tolerated this one well.
I 'm 5 '9&quot; 227.  I just started on 37.5 phen and here is my experience for the past 6 days. I 've definitely had more energy. Too much in fact. Night time comes and I can 't sleep. Last night I slept a full night finally. I take it first thing in am, too. Mine is the capsule formula. Dry mouth. Yup. Not bad. Drink your water. Little appetite. I have to remind myself to eat each day. Only time I feel hungry is shortly after I take the pill. I 'm definitely making healthier choices in calories and I dont crave the junk at all which is awesome. I won 't weigh myself until Fri. No doubt it 's working though. I don 't need to see the scale to know it 's working. If I can sleep more, like last night moving fwd,I 'd give it more than 7/10.
I have rheumatoid arthritis and tramadol helps me tremendously with the pain. Be aware though, the withdrawals are horrible. I was out of tramadol for two days and had crawling sensations and aching in my legs. 
Everyone 's body is different so I was unsure of how mine would react, but I 've had a pretty good experience with depo. I started the beginning of my junior year in high school because my periods were so bad that I would miss school because of cramping. Just taking regular Tylenol or ibuprofen wouldn 't lessen the pain. So we decided to go and see if could try something that would help. And the Depo has been amazing for me. I don 't have periods although for the first month and a half I did spot on and off. I do sometimes get small cramps but they are nothing like they were and they 're only around the time I should be on. My moods are pretty good, I 'm not depressed although I do get angrier a little easier. Best of all I 've lost 10lbs.
I am 63 years old.  Feel as if I have lost out on many years of living. Always had mental health issues.  I managed to work for twenty-five years, off and on.  Never was able to articulate my physical and emotional well being very well to a doctor.  I was just handed an antidepressant and a sleeping pill. I gave up trying to find an answer to my severe fatigue, insomnia and deep depressions. I would beat myself up, since there has never been any reason, I could pin point as to why I suffered so much.  I feel I have slept my life away. Now I am finally HOPEFUL. On low dose dex for one week. I slept a full 8 hours and have a positive feeling of a wonderful 25 years to come!  Thanks for all the comments, which have given me a renewed strength!
I have been on this birth control for a year now. It 's the first one that has worked out great for me. I understand that all birth controls will react differently with most women. As far as my experience, they have been pleasant. The side effects for me are moodiness and no periods. My last full period was about 4-5 months ago and that period was the longest I ever had lasting at least a week. Since then, no period. My moods are very high and very low. This is my only dislike if I had to choose. Then again, I believe aging comes with that a well since our bodies are continually changing. I haven 't experienced weight gain or bad acne. Overall, it 's worked for me.
My doctor put me on this after nothing else worked. The only side effect I 'm having is I feel like I 'm being electrocuted in my pre-sleep stage. It is a very weird and jolting feeling bright light and the sound of someone scratching a record to a stop.  
I 've had Skyla for 5 months now. Insertion was nowhere near as painful as I expected, just felt like a sharp cramp. However, bad cramping started the next day and did not stop until I got my period a month later. My first two periods were very painful, but after that very manageable. I never experience random cramping and very rarely experience random light bleeding. I can 't feel it at all and notice no hormonal changes to my body which is rare for me, as I am very sensitive to hormones. I had to come off the pill because I was constantly emotional, tired &amp; nauseous. I haven 't gained any weight with Skyla either. I feel much more in control of my life with this IUD and would recommend it to anyone willing to stick the 1st month cramps out.
I 've been on Loestrin for about 2 months now and I 've honestly had a pretty pleasant experience with it. I 've had no blatant side effects but I do find that I 'm a lot quicker to cry lately and sometimes I get upset a bit unnecessarily. In terms of weight gain, which was my biggest concern, I haven 't had any noticeable gain. I have had a lot of random cravings though. Near the end of the first month I had random breakthrough bleeding without any warning and it was prior to the week of the designated period pills. Overall I would recommend this pill.
Great Stuff. Helps soften conditions with no ill effects. 
I am trying to stop smoking, as well as handling anxiety.
I have been taking the 400mg tablets, 3x daily for 4 days and after 2 days I started suffering from severe nausea resulting in physical sickness today. These tablets are vile in taste and side effects and although it seems to helping my BV symptoms I can 't function. Iv also had a metallic taste in my mouth and flu like symptoms and I 'm sure the acne I have broke out in is caused by the tablets. Iv stopped taking the tablets and have been prescribed the gel instead....but this has similar side effects 
I 've been using epiduo for only a few days it drys your skin out but all you need is some lotion and it 's fine I 've been seeing good results already I recommend epiduo for people with horrible acne to not horrible it works quick and for anyone my friends tried it and liked it
I have to say, I was TERRIFIED of starting the patch after reading so many awful reviews. Over the past 8 years I 've been on 4 different combined pills, all of which eventually made me nauseous and caused me to vomit soon after taking them. So I was really worried the patch would have similar side effects. I 'm now 6 weeks in (so have had my first break) and have to say it 's great. I haven 't had any problems with it coming off or peeling and I barely notice it! Obvious negatives are how noticeable it is and the yucky stickiness you get around the edge, but these are bearable. The only side effect that 's bothered me is how sore my boobs are all the time - I can barely put my bra on! Upside though.. they 've grown! Overall, good easy method
Severe nausea and multiple near-puke experiences. Almost threw up on a kid at my job serving him food, made certain foods sickening to smell or look at. Craved unhealthy foods which I did not partake in, so no weight gain. Did its job to regulate periods, not sure about the pregnancy prevention since my doctor recommended still using condoms for the first month. I liked this one,  it sucks that the doctor switched my birth control pills to something else right when I had stopped getting the overbearing, chronic nausea. If you feel nauseous,  wait it out. It will pass. Maybe try an anti nausea medication with it until the first month is over.
Cymbalta 60mg for approximately 6 months, I am now taking 30mg. At first I was afraid to take it, but a few days into it and I was dancing at my first doctor 's office. Works well but does not take away the burning inside my muscles. Maybe I 'll need to return to 60mg. Do not take with opioids they just don 't mix well, I had no pain but my mood was somewhat strange.
I was suffering from nocturnal anxiety attacks for several months, but Xanax helps me get a good night 's rest most of the time.  0.5 mg gets me to sleep, but 1 mg knocks me out for the whole night.  I do not find that I wake up groggy or experience any other side effects, although I am wary about withdrawal symptoms.  It 's a great medicine overall though!
Have been on the highest dose started at lowest for have lost 20 pounds, less hungry. Stops working after a time for weight loss but feel I need it to not feel overly hungry. Very expensive no insurance coverage. Mixed feelings. Weight loss is not great but have lost some down from 255 to 235.
I have recently started on Lamictal. I must say that I felt positive affects within 2 weeks. I am on a cocktail of medications to manage bipolar. Effexor Ce 150, Seroquel xr 200, Seroquel ir 25, Dothep 25 and now Lamictal 50. I haven 't felt this stable for years. My psychiatrist would like to leave my medications as is for 12 months to give me some peace from the mood swings. Her goal then is to reduce the Effexor and seroquel. I can 't wait for that day. But for now I am enjoying the stability.
I get the occasional painful cyst-type acne (I am in my mid 20 's and this is a recent development). I have pretty sensitive dry/normal combination skin and other treatments I have tried have just made me peely and flaky.I have been using Citrus Clear Control products for a month. At first the treatment was a little drying so I went to using it every other night and now I am applying it every night following it up with the moisturizer. My skin is DEFINITELY clearer. It is still a little irritating every once in a while but I have not had any peeling/redness. It definitely stops the cyst-type acne from coming back.
While duavee took away my hot flashes after one month-I continued on it for one year and I started having PAINS in my upper right side. Behind my right ribs, just by the Breast area.  It continued for a few weeks before I called my doctor and she took me off the duavee I am now on bio identical estrogen gel and progesterone.  I have been off of duavee exactly one month today. My pain is GONE. And a bonus is my blood sugars have dropped over 20 pts  i have not changed anything other than going off of the duavee my new meds are working great after 3weeks !!  No more hot flashes.  (I did get them for 3-4 weeks until the new meds took effect.
I first got put on birth control in 2012 due to ovarian cysts. I tried 5 types in the past that didn 't work for me. They either made me depressed, induced anxiety, headaches, acne, etc. I was Aviane for roughly a year, it had the least amount of side effects, but stopped in 2014 because of weight gain &amp; anxiety. Now 3 years later, I 'm trying Sprintec to avoid getting pregnant.This is my first week and so far so good. None of the side effects I had with the others. The first few days I was really nauseous, had a headache the 1st day, and I still don 't have a strong appetite. I 've actually lost 5 pounds so I don 't mind though. And my boobs look great. :) Will update more when I continue with this pill for longer.
I started 850mg Metformin twice per day for PCOS and at first it made me nauseated for about 1 week or so and then the nausea  stopped. I feel better now after being on it for aprox. 4 month 's. I have more alertness and I 'm not in so much pain with my ovary like I use to be. I still have pains time to time but not daily like before. I do not get bathroom problems and I 've always been on the bigger side.
EXTREMELY blessed to have insurance coverage for this medicine. I have Multiple Sclerosis and am 29 years old. I have been sick for about 3 years now, which was about 6 months after the birth of my first and only child. My prior conditions are mostly autoimmune, ranging from Cardiomyopathy to Crohn 's Disease. My disabilities from Multiple Sclerosis include right leg/foot drop or weakness, numbness, urinary issues, balance issues, SEVERE nerve pain, etc. I have been on Rebif for a month and have titrated up to the highest level of 44mcg. I have extreme fatigue, bruising at injection site, and flu like symptoms, but I have noticed the longer I have been on it, the better my worst days are. So I am praying this will work.
I have been taking Pristiq 200mg for over 2 years and it has worked well for me. I have tried a number of SSRIs and this has been the best but isn 't perfect. If I forget to take my tablets at breakfast time by mid afternoon I feel very nauseous, lose balance and feel tired. Routine is important with these tablets. Side effects for me include, some sexual performance issues, some weight gain and poor short term memory. I have had problems with generic versions of pristiq so stick to the real stuff now.
I had an external ear infection for almost 18 days, on my first check up the doctor prescribed Clindamycin, but that didn 't work on me. About 2 weeks later i still have no signs off healing through Clindamycin, I decided to be checked-up again with different doctor (ENT) &amp; I was diagnosed with Chondritis. He prescribed Augmentin 625mg, 3x a day, every 8hrs. and Inoflox, which is also an antibiotic for twice a day. I experienced side effects such as diarrhea that lasted only on 2nd day. I just realized  that this side effect are temporary. Now i am on my 4th day on these antibiotics, i can say that im healing and my ear forms back again to its normal size.
I have been battling chronic constipation for a year. I eat a healthy diet of fruit/veggies/whole grains and some lean meats along with exercise - however, the problem seemed to come out of nowhere. In any event, I tried stimulant laxatives and stool softeners and nothing moving for me. I was prescribed this medicine after many scans/tests with no explanation for my ongoing problem. It seemed to make my stomach &quot;churn&quot; but nothing else. I was so disappointed.After this experience, I tried magnesium citrate and it WORKED (after a few bottles). After I COMPLETELY cleaned myself out, I started in again with my Linzess (at the highest dose). It now works perfectly! I 'm amazed! I have a normal, healthy BM after every single meal.
I was taking ativan from a friend for my slight anxiety issue. It was 1mg I stopped it for two weeks started getting weird feelings in my head. Then had panic attack for the first time. Turns out I 'm addicted to the ativan. My doctor gave me .5 ativan didn 't stop the attacks and couldn 't function right. I had to take a full 1 mg to function. When ever I don 't take it I get a panic attack. Well my PcP gave me buspar and been doing better. I been on it two days he wants me to take 15 mg four times a day but that 's too much I take 7.5 and feel normal. Taking a full 15 mg is a no no. But at the right dosage it works. Hopefully soon to kick the ativan out. Of missed worked because of this ativan problem. I don 't suggest taking any benzodiazepines.
The Neuro Dr started the treatment of my Writers cramp  with Propranolol. It didn 't help and my heartbeat went faster instead.I was switched to Benzyhexol (Bz). After taking just 2x5mg I 'd loose control of my legs. I am 48yrs I was often disoriented after taking Bz. My Writer Cramp condition remained same still.  About 3mths ago, my drug was changed to Primidone 125mg twice a day. Worked great I could write legible once again. But after 3/4wks my writing deteriorated. Dose was increase to 250mg twice a day but still no improvement after 45 days of increasing dosage. I had to stop because I was having problem ejaculating.After 10 days, I resumed use yesterday 250mg only @ night. In 24hrs noticed great improvements. My plan is to take 250mg/wk. I 'll update in a month.
Had symptoms of Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia, then a stone popped out. Had both Rapaflo and Flomax on hand, so I took the Flomax. Great within hours and for the first few weeks, then start with blood pressure issues. I also take Avapro as a preventative to blown kidneys from being diabetic, so they can BOTH lower blood pressure, which it seems all of these medicines CAN do. Not sure if I have a full blown case of BPH, OR a moving stone, as it comes and goes on its own, and I never have night up and down issues. Mine is what seems like unable to fully empty, full bladder, and then, drip, drip, drip, drip. Flomax works within hours on me, but long term has problems with the fast pulse. Thinking of trying Rapaflo instead of Flomax when it flares up.
I 've been on new medicine Brintellix for 12 weeks now. I have Manic Disorder, so I have been on every medicine you can imagine since 8th grade. It 's sad, I 'm 22yrs &amp; still breakdown in public. It was difficult for me at first since my depression left me motionless &amp; incapable to think or feel. I was given 10mg a day but took 20mg, I know I wasn 't supposed to do without telling my Dr. (4 Day) able to move &amp; think somewhat. (6 day) move &amp; critical think. I 'm not saying this medicine is magic but at least I can function. Kind of in-between with no real highs or lows emotion. Notice I get serious nausea to the point of vomit on 10 day haven 't gone away. I also take Prozac and Zyprexa. Don 't think I 'll ever be normal but as long as I 'm not suicidal it will get be better.
I am not sure yet if it working, but from a scale of 1 to 10, I would have to say &quot;8&quot;. I have back pain, stress, and anxiety. If this is a cure all for all with out having to resort to Vicodin, bring it on.
I am 58 years old and my T level was 78. I have enlarged breasts, no energy, increased belly fat, and low libido. After my first shot I feel like I was 25 again, and my libido is STRONG. I had to ask my doctor to check my T levels at first and he was shocked! I believe mine was caused by opioid use for nerve pain. Also, have your doctor check your estrogen levels at the same time.
I 've had this condition since I was 12. It 's now been 25 years. This is one of the better medications I 've tried and the last one on the list to try. It seems to be helping with mobility.
I have been on Tri Sprintec for almost 2 years now.  I have not had any of the mood swings or nausea, but every now and again I do get a weird odor.  I have considered changing to a different pill, but the low cost is a huge plus to me right now.  I asked my husband if he 's noticed any odor, but he hasn 't.  LOL or so he says....  I am overall happy with the product though.
I was 1st diagnosed w/hyperparathyroidism.The dr. said it wasn 't bad to just watch it.After a couple of years it got worse-I saw another dr. &amp; he did 6 biopsy 's-found that I had Papillary Cancer-following mo. I had my thyroid &amp; 2 parathyroids removed-surgeon put me on 100mcg of generic Synthroid-seemed to be doing ok until I had the RAI, twice, then everything messed up. I was still having hair loss, ears ringing, teeth getting bad, bathroom habits were never the same, cramps, affected my salivary glands permanently so I 'm dry all the time plus I 've put on 25 lbs. I eat, I don 't eat, it doesn 't matter, the weight will not come off.The Endo dr. changed my dosage to 112mcg &amp; I seemed to be doing better.I am back to 100mcg w/previous symptoms.
Started Lo to manage Perimenopause symptoms. At first it made me bleed a lot, gave me terrible cramps and made me cry for two days straight. About one month in my peri symptoms got much better! I feel like myself again. And as of right now I do not have negative side effects.
Lexapro has truly changed my life. I take it for Anxiety. I used to have anxiety everyday very bad. My heart would beat fast, and I would get butterflies in my stomach. Before I started taking it, I was very timid. Very shy and not good around big groups of people. I felt &quot;socially awkward&quot; ...After a few months of taking Lexapro I became so much more confident. I do well in big crowds. The only reason I did not give it 10 stars is because sometimes I do still get anxiety, but it 's not nearly as bad as it used to be. I def recommend this drug for anyone who has anxiety. Give it a try. It could change your life like it changed mine.1 other thing I don 't like is it does make me a little drowsy no matter what time of the day or night I take it
My 14 year old son took this the night before we went deep sea fishing.  The drug worked well but later that afternoon his eye on the same side as the patch dilated so we have him wear sunglasses.  It has been 2 days and it is still dilated but am thinking it will go away by tomorrow. If not then I will consult my Physician.
It worked great at 40mg, I had some slight tongue swelling, just thought I needed caffeine because that solved the issue. We upped it to 80mg after 3 years of being on it. Had to go to the hospital for a severe allergic reaction. I kept taking it at 40 but even then the allergic reactions were mild but still happening. Accidentally took it twice within 8 hours and was again taken to the hospital. Some ingredient in there I 'm allergic too.
I was suffering extreme anxiety, weight loss and insomnia due to a diagnosed medical condition.  I tried several sleep aids and SSRIs.  Nothing worked.  Because of the weight loss I was prescribed Remeron.  It was a Miracle for me!  I slept through the night for the first time in months, relieved anxiety and I started gaining weight.  Over time, my anxiety went away, but I stayed on because I loved having an appetite (I had no appetite for years).  I guess I stayed on too long.  After 6 years I decided I should get off.  I was dependent. I suffered flu like symptoms for weeks--nausea, exhaustion, gastrointestinal upset, feeling like low-grade fever.  I finally got rid of the nausea, but if I 'm off for 2 weeks, the gastrointestinal upset creeps in.  I now take 3.25mg 1X week.
Xiidra has worked very well. I started doing it only at night. I have started to do it in the morning also. The bad taste last for hours and is now making me  nauseous. It works better than my last medication but I feel sick all the time. I am going to go back to once a day and see if it goes away. If it does not then on to something else.
Went to ER with severe flank pain, was given Toradol via my IV and it worked miracles -- pain went from an 8 to a 2 in about 15 minutes. Found out I had a couple kidney stones and was prescribed 10 mg tablets to take for several days. They barely worked at all, had to go back a couple days later with my pain just as bad and be prescribed something else. So, Toradol is GREAT when administered through an IV, not so good in pill form.
Started June 29 and as of July 2 I had lost 2.3 lbs.
There was less side effects for me on Prozac in comparison to some of the other anti-depressants I have been on, which was great. I can 't recall any side effects. I take Prozac it in the morning as it has a long half life and it seems to work better for me that way.
Been on Tri-Previfem for more than 4 years. I have zero complaints other than it has completed depleted my sex drive to literally nothing, which is why I will be switching to another birth control
I 've been impressed with this pill. It 's been the best out of all pills I 've taken (Ortho Lo/Yaz). I 've been on it for over a year now. I feel pretty relaxed mood-wise,  light periods, haven 't gotten pregnant despite occasionally taking it a few hours late. Also don 't have any problems with migraines/canker sores/moodiness/weight gain/sex drive/urinary tract infections that I 've had with other pills.Possibly a moderate improvement in facial acne, but feel that back and chest acne sometimes gets out of control. Seems like acne gets worse though when I get less than 8 hours of sleep, am on the inactive pill week, or drink even a glass of wine. So might be better to take extra vitamins when on this pill due to decreased appetite.
Prescribed .25 levothyroxine (generic) about 4 weeks ago for borderline hypothyroidism. They say &quot;borderline&quot; but, honestly, the TSH ranges are to broad. If your TSH is 4.5.......you 're gonna feel it mentally and physically. No earth-shattering side effects to date. However, I will say that I haven 't had an anxiety attack since about the first week of starting this....not one and I was having them frequently. Looking forward to some weight loss, but nothing so far.
Seroquel has been very helpful with sleep, and I also noticed some mood stabilization in combination with Lamictal and sometimes Klonopin.  Sometimes it is overly sedating, but taking it a couple of hours before normally going to sleep is important for me so that I don 't feel drowsy the next day.  I did not notice any weight gain on it.  My doctor started me on 50 mg, which was good for sedation, but no major difference in mood.  100 mg does make a difference in lower my anxiety and some mood stabilization with my other medications, but sometimes she recommends me to take 200 mg to reduce mania from flaring up when it starts.  Overall, this med has been useful for Bipolar 1 for me.
I was on these pills for 2 months. From the first week I didn 't notice any side effects, but from second week I started bleeding and spotting all the time. In the first month it was very light, second month a little bit more. In the end of the second month, before white pills, it stopped. I had acne before but I went to salon for facials and my skin was almost perfect, but since I started to use pills my skin became worse. Also in the middle of the first month I was just super mad every day, my husband wanted me to stop using them, but then in a few days I came back in my normal mood. I didn 't gain weight, at least, and totally I felt fine.
I have had FMS for 5 years now. First few years I really struggled, tried painkillers and anti-depressants which did not help, only made me more depressed and tired. Have been on Lyrica for 2 years now 150g twice daily. It is the only drug so far to work for me. Only side effects are increased appetite. It gives me more energy and helps me sleep. I have lost weight on Lyrica, by been more positive and active. I ignore the increase in appetite and just drink water and it works. Pain is still there but not as bad. It is truly a miracle.
For me the pill has been pretty good. Had to go on the progesterone only pills do to migraines and stroke symptoms. So far it&rsquo;s been a lot better. My period is trying to get back on track but it&rsquo;s not too bad. I&rsquo;m a 3 or 4 months into it I&rsquo;ve noticed the past few weeks I&rsquo;ve been very oily (never had that problem in my life. I&rsquo;ve always had dry skin). Like I&rsquo;m so oily even my ears are oily. It&rsquo;s weird lol. Also my body odour is really bad. I&rsquo;ve never body odour problems. Idk if I&rsquo;m having womanly changes or if it&rsquo;s switching to this pill lol. But I&rsquo;m not pregnant and the migraines are gone so I&rsquo;m giving this pill time to adjust to my body.
This works fine for me, I 'm allergic to most of the antibiotics out there but not this one thankfully.  I get uti 's frequently, because I always have to be cultured, sometimes that waiting period helps the  thing really get going.  Normally its a 10 day course... I do not get headaches or any of the side effects others have had.  Everybody 's body is different, the only way you 'll know how you will react is to take it yourself.
Have been taking Epclusa for just over a week now constantly feel tired, but after 35yrs of living with hep c I reckon it 's a small price to pay. I 'm also on Suboxone 8 mg a day wondering if this has anything to do with tiredness. Can only hope that it knocks this disease on the head and I can get a few extra years out of this abused body of mine. Glad it 's on the PBS scheme here in Australia
I started taking Junel Fe due to sudden horrible menstral cramps that led me to pass out and hit my head on my bathroom tile. I had no noticeable side effects (other than big boobs) and my periods were extremely light and always right on time. No side effects is really awesome especially because my body is super sensitive to medications.I noticed, though, after about the sixth month of taking it I was feeling bloated all the time, to the point where I finally stopped after eight months. I think it 's good to have a low dosage of hormones like this one, I would give it a try! I would say though if you don 't need to be on the pill I would try being hormone free- it made me feel so healthy.:)
Working so far.
I had a post-surgical infection that was not going away and had been on doxycycline, levofloxamine and had been given vancomycin IV when I had an abscess drained. This med did the trick along with bactrim. I had read the reviews so I made sure I stayed hydrated, drinking a full 16 oz bottle of water w/each dose.  My doctor had me taking probiotics about 2 hours after dosing. I also took one before bed. I think that and the water really held any of the wicked side-effects at bay, but of course, everyBODY is different.For what it 's worth I also drank orange juice and ate citrus as much as possible after reading that most bacteria don 't do well in an acidic environment. I figured it couldn 't hurt. Call Doc if you get diarrhea - can be deadly.
I 'm supposed to take this medication for my blood pressure but a  year and half later the pressure is still the same even though doctor increase the dose from 50 to 100 mg. Seems like the doctor care more about my heart rate (that is Lower than before so is working), but my blood pressure is ever the same, especially the night time is ever 8 around 85/140 (sometimes 150 or 160). I told this many times but he still thinking about the BPM..so at the end the BPM decrease but not the blood pressure so is working 50/50.PSI gained more than 10lb after using the metoprolol
Started ten days ago. First night, I passed out.. very tired... next few days in a deep fog and a bit disconnected. I no longer have those side effects. Dr has  me at 50 mg once daily and I take it in the evening. I literally eat half of what I previously did. I lost about three pounds over the course of a week..no excercise involved. Im not counting calories; just not interested in junk food. I read a poster on another forum to take extra B complex and Biotin to avoid any hair loss as the drug seems to deplete that nutrient in the body. Will post again in another few weeks with more information. I was at the point where I was considering surgery because I had tried everything.
I have Fibromyalgia and ME/CFS, as well as depression and anxiety resulting from PTSD. I have been on Zoloft for over 10 years, trying to taper from it for the last 5. I couldn 't get down past 50mg of Zoloft without dreadful side effects, until my doctor suggested I cross taper with Cymbalta. It has made all of the difference in the world. I am now down to 20mg of Zoloft (without any withdrawal symptoms), and up to 30mg of Cymbalta. I noticed within the first few days that my depression and anxiety had subsided almost completely, and my Fibromyalgia pain has measurably decreased. I haven 't had to use as much oxycontin, or klonopin. I look forward to seeing if combining Lyrica will allow me to get off the oxycodone altogether.
This has definitely helped with my impulsiveness and mood dysregulation. My life used to be uttermost chaos. In and out of hospitals, constantly in ER 's for suicide attempts and self harm needing stitches.... This got me to the point where I can think clearly enough to actually start making changes in my life and deal with my emotions and behaviours.
After trying dozens of muscle relaxers over the past 1  years and having side effects like non-stop vomiting, of severe nausea (so bad that I could not get my head out of a trash can) not to mention the sharp pains in my stomach and not being able to eat anything. I figured this was just another trial. Boy was I shocked when I tried this one. Granted it 's not perfect, but I have part of my life back and am not neurotic that I have at least 3 ziplock bags in my purse and one in each sweater pocket in case I can not get to the rest room in time.
My experience with Lunesta was a bit difficult.  The brand name (which I never believed was any different than generic) worked WONDERS for me for years!  But after insurance, was $50 per month.  You get this lovely (awful) metallic taste in your mouth right before it kicks in, and it stays - so trick is to brush your teeth AND tongue, drink OJ, it 'll pass.  Then the generic came out (YAY CHEAPER), and ALL I got was the metallic taste.  No sleep.  If you need sleep and have the $, go brand name and enjoy your slumber!  2mg was the perfect dose for me as 3mg made me a bit drowsy.
If you 're bleeding for months straight you might want to go to a doctor because I 've had this for almost 3 years and I haven 't had a period since my first month I got it.
For over 6 months severe pain from diabetic neuropathy and nephropathy - constant 6 to 9 in almost every major joint in the body - shoulders, elbows, wrists, hands, hips, knees, ankles, feet - except right hip - 3.... not helped at all by musculoskeletal pain killers.Gabapentin at 900 mg halved those pain levels ... but increased legs edema by 10% and scales weight by 2kg, and added lower back pain stenosis at 8 - discovered that liquid morphine sorted that out.Even if back not sorted it would still have been wonderful just to have a change in what hurt.
At first sertraline made me worse, more depressed, insomnia, stomach pains, nausea, headaches, but after a few weeks I felt a lot of my depression going away, however it 's taken a lot of dose increases to get to a comfortable level where it works on my depression, 4 months later and I  finally feel like myself again. would recommend even though the side effects are kinda rough
Back surgery didn 't go very well so I was put on multiple drugs both pain and nerve. Most of the pill forms made me extremely sick. So I was put on fentanyl patches 25 mcg per every 3 days now up to 50 mcg after 1st of year will be up to 75mcg. Works well for me just when I first put it on I do suffer insomnia for 1 or 2 nights pain still with me but at times more tolerable. And the government wants doctors to cut way back on fentanyl be cause of abuse. Then gets  cars locked up for speeding!!!  I believe Doctors will stop writing scripts because they are afraid of the DEA  and med reviews and people that surely need it will suffer. We will see what future holds and I wish everyone in these positions good luck.  WE CAN ALL MOVE TO COLORADO
I 've only been using Nexplanon for a little over 2 months now but so far I like it. I 'm 10 weeks post partum. My first period with Nexplanon was very heavy and lasted a little over a week and a half. Since then, I spot every so often. The other side effect I 've experienced is naseausa. Whenever I eat to the feeling of being full, I seem to feel as though I 'm going to be sick. Which for me is alright, it helps me with not to overeat. I love that I don 't have to remember to take a pill and the insertation was pretty painless (minus a little bruising for the first couple weeks).
I have had implanon in for two years. It has been an amazing &quot;birth control&quot;. I do not take very many precautions and I have never had a pregnancy scare. I did not gain weight while being on this, I actually lost weight. The only negative effect this has had on me is my menstrual cycle. I am constantly on my period (spotting). I go several months spotting with an occasional couple days off. I absolutely hate this effect the implanon has on me, but it may work out better for others. Most definitely most effective as far as birth control.
I 've been taking Lyza for almost year now and I 've had the usual irregular spotting throughout the months! I used to be on Ortho Micronor and I had the same experience. The only difference I 've noticed is that the irregular bleeding went from one whole month of spotting to every other week! Has anyone else experience this? Also, has anyone gotten depressed from this? I 've been taking it for 11 months and up until last month it had no affect on my mood. But suddenly, I 've been feeling pretty down and I 'm wondering if birth control could be a suspect...
I was started on Metformin ER 500 mg, 1 at bedtime. Increased 1 week later to 500 mg in a.m. &amp; p.m. My A1c was 6.7. Dr would not increase my dose so I did on my own. Having been type 2 diabetic for 18 years I was previously on Actos 10 years &amp; my A1c was always 5.4 or 5.5. I now take the Met ER 500 mg three times daily, 1 every 8 hours &amp; # 's are great. I researched Met ER &amp; learned it loses most of it 's punch 8-10 hours after a dose. I 've had NO problems at 3x day &amp; my # 's are great!!
Spironolactone is amazing! I have never written a review in my life but I had to for this medication for acne because it really does work. I have been battling with acne for 10 years now. It just got worse in my 20 's, I am 25 years old now. I couldn 't understand why the older I was getting the worse it was becoming. I have been to dermatologist several times, antibiotics didn 't work. I tried natural cures, didn 't work. Through research I bumped into this medication and figured out is has to be hormonal. I ended up going to an Endocrinologist because the dermatologist did not want to prescribe it to me. It has been 9 months on 100mg and my face is 85% better. I am excited about what a year and two years difference it will make. try it !
It has saved my life. Literally.
I recently began taking Adderall 15mg.  In terms of mood, I have become less anxious on Adderall.   Some people note increased aggression- I feel that I am capable of being more (verbally) aggressive because there is less anxiety to dampen the desire for confrontation.  However, I feel more capable of choosing whether or not to pursue confrontation. The other day at the bank, I calmly voiced my discontent over erroneous charges the bank made to my account (for the 3rd time!).  When the employee became a bit agitated, I decided to end the conversation rather than escalate the argument.  I was satisfied with my performance- I said my piece, got the closet thing to an apology I was going to get, and got out.   Adderall seems to make this easier- I don 't feel as rev 'd up as I would otherwise.  Our stress reactions to everyday situations like these are often way out of proportion to the stakes and Adderall seems to dampen down the reaction to something more appropriate.  It 's a brave new world!
I have been in treatment for ADD for 15 years. As a result I have tried and used several of the standard drugs used for treatment including Adderall, Ritalin, Dexadrine, and Wellbutrin.  About 3 years ago I began using Strattera. I was made aware that the medicine did not affect the dopamine levels but should still help prolong my attention time. Since then I have found this to be true. However, the difficulty is since the impact it is seemingly subtle. It 's very difficult to gauge the effectiveness and to determine the proper dosage.  After 2 years, my doctor and I are still tweeking this aspect.  Overall, Strattera has worked to allow me to still have something for my family left after a long day work.
I 've been on accutane on since one and a half month but seriously I have no side effects except dry lips and dry skin( not too much) but now I having pain in my  heels.  I started on 60mg but after a month my dermatologist increased on 80mg....its not 100% clear yet but i can see that my acne is improving I can 't wait to finish the treatment and I am feeling very confident
So today is my first day taking this medicine. I had to leave work because I was extremely dizzy and was continuously vomiting. Took the pill at 7am, it 's 4 now and I 'm still sick. I 'm going to try and take it for the remainder of the week to see if the side effects dissipate, I really hope they do. On the upside, I have not been hungry at all today. I don 't know if that 's because I 've been so nauseous or if it 's because of the pills are really working. I hope these symptoms go away
I have been using Voltaren Gel for Osteoarthritis and just had a hip replacement. Although I have a chronic condition it has helped to relieve some of the constant painI am in. Voltaren Gel makes my day much more tolerable.
Okay so I got this IUD a few days ago and i just wanted to share my experience. I heard pretty bad things about the insertion so I took a percocet pain killer before I went in. Like 15 mg which is a lot. (normal dosage is 5mg, I had a 30mg one and cut it in half). By the time I got to the doctor, I was definitely feeling the effects of the pain killer. When he first inserted the tampon-like tool in, I was uncomfortable but fine, but OMG when the actual IUD went in it felt like a cramp on steroids and the pain was so unbearable I fainted. I couldn 't move for 20 min from the procedure chair and didn 't move from my bed for the rest of the day. I cant even imagine what it would 've been like without the percocet! My period ended 2 days after insert
I have an ovarian cyst. I 've taken Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about 2.5 weeks. I read so many reviews, all were so negative. I was stressing out about taking it. But to my surprise and somewhat disappointment. I didn 't get ANY side effects. No headaches, no nausea, no digestive system problems. I don 't know yet how effective it is for my problem (ovarian cyst) but it didn 't clear up my shoulder acne. Actually, it got somewhat worse. So I 'm wondering if it 's actually working for me. Don 't know how it works as birth control, somewhat scared getting off the condoms. As for the price, I had to pay $70 for one month, which is a lot for me. I 'm 17, about 5 '2&quot;, about 115-120 lbs. Hope this helps!!
Aviane works very well in preventing unwanted pregnancies. I have shorter and lighter cycles. However, I 've gained 15 lbs on Aviane and my breasts have went up a cup size and I already had huge breast. Also, I noticed myself being more moody and having side effects such as nausea and headaches. Overall, the Aviane is okay.
I did lose a few pounds when I started Victoza. after about 4 months of being on it, my bloodwork for my kidneys is screwed up. Stopped taking Ibuprofen  and increased my water intake and 2 weeks later my bloodwork is still screwed up. Dr. wants me to stop taking the Metformin. I think it is the Victoza screwing up my kidneys
I have had severe anxiety all my life sweaty hands, sweaty feet, shaky feel like your vibrating inside dizzy light-headed it is an awful way to live and until I was an adult with kids of my own. l had no treatment but now I have literally tried every depression and anxiety medication there is and  Prozac has helped me the most without unbearable side effects.
Humira is the third medicine from this group that I have taken the other two being Enbrel and Cimzia. It is fair to say that for me it has also been the best, but unfortunately I am going to have to stop taking it for the following. Initially I had minor but long lasting mild headache on day of taking, this was followed by a urinary infection possibly caused by the Humira but the reason I must stop is that I now have tinnitus.     This was mild hissing at first so I tolerated it, but now and after each injection it gets measurably worse. So me and Humira must regrettably part company, a great shame because it did/does make a very large improvement to my R. A.
After a couple of days on 2mg Abilify added to my Zoloft and Lamictal, the fog began to clear up a bit. (It reminds me of that Claritin commercial when everything all of a sudden on the TV screen becomes more clear and less fuzzy). That was a warm welcome after 25 years of, on and off &quot;anti-depressant poop-out&quot;! However, I am most certain that it has caused weight gain! I do not EVER weigh myself (past eating disorder issue), but my clothes are tighter around the waist. BUT I AM NOT EATING ANY DIFFERENTLY! In fact, I have made a concerted effort to eat less but nothing seems to give! Is it fluid? I 'm baffled! Yes, I 'm 43 now, but my metabolism wouldn 't come to a screeching halt so quickly, would it?  
This is a great medicine.  Many people don 't know about using it as an alternative to SSRIs for mood stabilization, depression and bipolar disorder. I 've been on it for 1 year. The biggest benefits of this medicine is that it stabilizes my mood without feeling weird (fake, plastic, hyper) with very few side effects.  The sexual side effects and weight gain I experienced on Prozac, and the restlessness and irritability of Celexa and Welbutrin, just don 't occur for me on this medicine.  The drawback for me has been a narrowing of my emotional bandwidth.  I rarely feel spontaneous excitement or joy.  This may be partly because of life circumstances, but I 'm certain that this medicine is also playing a role here. High anxiety, may not be related to this medicine.
I have been taking Anafranil 100mg for a year now and it has changed my life. I have battled with OCD, severe anxiety, panic disorders and intrusive thoughts since I was young. While trying different drugs finally at the age of 40 one drug works for me and this is it. I still have the &quot;thoughts&quot; but instead of obsessing over them they pass by like moving cars. The side effects are bothersome dealing with constipation, bloating, sweating, insomnia, twitches. I don 't believe I can ever function without this medication and instead maybe lower my dosage to see if it reduces the side effects.
Info: I 'm 18 years old, about 130 lbs. I got the Skyla inserted 4 months ago. The insertion was painful but not for long. It was two stabbing pains and then nothing.  I experienced some cramping which was very bad around my first period. I also lightly spotted for 3 months straight.  If you are considering it, let me tell you: INVEST IN A MENSTRUAL CUP. I spotted for months and I don 't know how I would have done it if I couldn 't leave the menstrual cup in. It 's been 4 months and the spotting has stopped. I also lost the strings and had to get an ultrasound to find them but it is still in the proper place. All things considered, I 'm happy with it. The inconvenience I experienced is outweighed by how long it 'll last and how easy it 'll be.
I just started taking this pill this week, so far not that bad of side effects except I 'll get nauseous at night usually after I eat. (I take it in the afternoon). I just recently switched birth controls from Sorynox to this one. I was getting horrible mood swings and getting extremely depressed out of nowhere. It was driving my boyfriend crazy. My doctor switched me to this one and told me to take a vitamin B pill with it. So if you 're getting mood swings and depressed try taking a vitamin B pill with your birth control.
I was put on Coreg for unexplained rapid heart rate.  My blood pressure was mostly controlled with lisinopril.  I have been on it for about two years and now I am having side effects like shortness of breath and low systolic blood pressure 100/72 with 60-70bpm.  I don 't know whether or not I can get off of it due to my rapid heart rate.
Been taking Linzess for 2 weeks now and everyday is watery stools.
I would say read the side effects , it 's true about the itching and burning but the product clearly warns you of that. It has a stronger dosage than the 3 &amp; 7 day so symptoms might be a little worse ... overall it gets the job done
All these people moaning about constantly been at the toilet!!That 's a bad side effect of you eat lots of fat in your meals, so it 's your own fault really..Eat low calorie diet, that 's what it does say!
During the first 2-3 weeks of starting this, I had a slight headache but that 's a given when starting a new medication. I 've been taking this for 8 months and I 've put on 15 pounds. (Diet &amp; physical activity has not changed) No more sex drive, I 'm more moody about anything and everything, and I get acne really easily. I am only taking this to help my endometriosis and it gets the job done so dealing with these side effects really isn 't bad at all compared to dealing with endometriosis without pain medications.
I have tried almost every med. there is for major depression. Most caused lots of weight gain and sleeping all the time. I felt hot and sweat with many of them and vision was very blurry. I thought life was over for me. I have major anxiety and panic attacks. I was better taking the Buspirone, but I was taking bupropion anxiety attacks. I take clonazapam 2mg for sleeping at night because the welbrution keeps me from sleeping. I went on praying for being healed from all the sickness and came off all my meds 2 months ago to prove my faith. I haven 't been able to walk out my door for 2 months without forcing myself just to go get groceries and then I am right back inside. I live in darkness. I started them back up this morning.
The patch works well as part of a program. It and Percocet (7.5/350) work well together, 800mg ibuprofen less so. They are more effective to prevent pain for me, so don 't wait for the pain to use a patch.
I 've been taking this medication 10mg 4 x a day and it has really helped. I was initially taking hydrocodone for about a year until having surgery (Fusion and Laminectomy - L5 S1) and I have to agree with some of you, when I first started taking it, it worked great and provided relief for about 5 to 6 hours. Now after 6 months, it doesn 't seem to be working as it used to but I will be talking with my doctor next month regarding this issue. It seems to only work 3 to 4 hours and does not provide relief like it used to when I first started taking it. I broke one tablet in half since they 're scored and took 15mg and this worked but it tells me I 'm becoming or am dependent on it. I tried to go without it for 3 days and I hurt worse and vomited.
I 'm taking Pristiq for mild anxiety. Side effects include interrupted sleeping patterns, severe constipation, and decreased sexual drive/inability to have orgasm. Anxiety has decreased tremendously and I feel great (i.e. more patience, focused, clear headed), but not sure if side effects are worth it.
Trazodone was prescribed to me to help me fall asleep and stay asleep. I take 50mg each night as needed before bed. This medication makes me sleepy within 15 minutes of taking it and I 'm usually asleep in 30 minutes. However, in the mornings it 's been very hard for me to wake up because I feel the medication really effects me and keeps me still feeling sleepy throughout the day. But I 'm overall happy with the results and would recommend this to anyone having insomnia or anxiety before bedtime.
my doctor gave me latuda because I wanted to stop zyprexa and seroquel because of the weight gain. She told me that latuda doesn 't cause weight gain. I took 40mg and it seem to work pretty well it wasn 't as great as zyprexa but it worked well........but I had to stop because even though my insurance covered the drugs, the copay cost me $500 which I obviously cannot afford. So am going cold turkey on everything.....why cant I just be normal?
I have been trying to lose weight and have not been able too while on it and also sex drive has gone down a lot but other than that no side effects and works well
Can 't say I love it but I kind of like it. First the BAD: my first month taking this was the absolute worst. I was beyond exhausted everyday and felt like I could fall asleep at any given moment (thankfully this has subsided). Also I noticed that I have blemishes that show up on my neck and jawline randomly once in a while ever since taking this. They 're not terrible but I 've never had this before. Finally, taking the pill at the same time everyday can be torture.    Now the GOOD: I have not had a period or any PMS symptoms since taking this. I also have read that certain birth controls can alter hair and weight for some women but mine stayed the same while on this.
I am a survivior of Traumatic Brain Injuries (TBI 'S).  I was misdiagnosis bi-polar.  I was re-evaluated 10-12 years ago because of a  'fatty liver ' condition due to the Seroquel a psychoactive drug.  This misdiagnosis was reaffirmed when, I became part of a DNA study.  Each individual would need to participate at their own discretion.  The point to my comment is for me...clonazepam has been since 2008 now it is 2017 a workable solution with no side effects or health risks or addiction issues.  2017, I have been arbitrarily taken off of  clonazepam by a  'physicians assistant ' in the mental health field. &quot;We are not treating for depression.&quot;  This is not logical.
I am in treatment for Lyme disease and the antibiotics, as well as the infections, cause insomnia, depression, anxiety and racing thoughts.  I used herbs to quieten my mind so I could sleep and they were successful for a couple of years, but finally I needed something stronger. I take just half of a 25 mg pill an hour before I want to fall asleep.  It works very well but I do feel groggy in the morning.  At first I even had trouble talking as my speech was slurred.  
I switched from Beyaz to Junel mainly because I wanted to clear up my skin. It was a very spur of the moment thing and my doc gyno didn 't really treadle in the pros and cons. So, I 'm on the new pack...I finish the new pack (28 days no placebo) and, nothing. Well, barely. My period is SO light (2-3 days tops) from what it used to be. (4-9 days heavy, heavy flow)  I was throttled at first because yes, I was sexually active at the time and the scantiness of the flow really freaked me out. My acne did clear up. I still get my period every month no matter how miniscule it is. I could talk about Junel all day but...they don 't give me enough words.
Levaquin seems to be the only antibiotic that actually helped clear up my lungs...it is just very unfortunate that it has such awful side effects. I contracted a yeast infection after 2 days. The medication made me an absolute insomniac! There was no way to sleep, which made things worse. I am willing to deal with these side effects to get better, but it 's certainly not for those who don 't want to deal with possibly getting worse before they get better. I am 23.
I 've been prescribed 30 ml mirtrazapine for the last 4-5 months for my insomnia, to start with I slept for days and days it felt like I never could come round from them, after a few weeks of taking them my body got used to the drug and I slept the best I have done in years but it took a few hours each morning to come round and also I felt really snappy and had a short fuse, after coming round though I 've felt happy and myself again and everyone I 've spoke to says how much better I 'm doing and my body language has improved greatly, in the recent weeks though I 've started to wake up during the night again and felt short tempered in the mornings, and some days I struggle to come round like a kinda hang over but most days I still feel very good hungry
Ambien CR was prescribed to me for long term use after I was only able to get a 3 hours of sleep per night due to insomnia. It did help me get to sleep (took effect within 30 minutes on an empty stomach) and stay asleep. However, it also makes things seem 3D that aren 't (like text on a computer screen), and gives an overall &quot;trippy&quot; feeling. Ambien CR also has a rather strong hangover effect that can last awhile (up to 12 hours from the time it was taken.) 
I have been on the Depo shot for roughly 3 1/2 years, until recently, I 've had NO problems. The only tough part would be the week before the next shot, and the shot itself. Usually, about 1 week before my next shot, I would spot, nothing to messy or horrible, just very inconvenient for me. But ever since I missed my shot when I went to Sweden, shit has gotten real bad! Not only do I bleed 2-3 weeks prior my shot, but the flow can range from light to extreme heavy!!! This flow does not stop, no, not until 2 weeks AFTER the shot, does the faucet completely turn off. My recommendation, if it 's working for you, do NOT miss your Depo shot appointment!!! I believe that 's where everything went wrong!!
Its my third day taking it. I am very bloated and nauseous all day long. I also have issues sleeping, but nothing to be bothered about. On the other hand, I feel stronger than before.
My doctor is using this Fetzima for my Fibromyalgia.  The Fetzima  has made a big difference in my life.   I start with 20 mg for 2 days then 40 mg it has help with the pain greatly plus I 'm starting to lose weight.  My body feels half way normal again.  I think the inflammation in my body has gone down also.  I don 't feel swollen or stiff like I use to.  I haven 't been using my Tramadol and Ibuprofen much either. I haven 't had any side affect at all.     My doctor also gave me a coupon that helps.  My copay is 50 but with coupon it is 25.
Finally found something to stop back pain. 
At first I was hesitant because of the price w/o ins (over $100 a bottle) and some people can develop a serious rash. However, after some contemplation, and knowing that the lithium I was taking was not helping my bi-polar depression, and knowing Lamictal helps increase energy, I decided to take it anyway... I LOVE THIS STUFF. Its helped me so much, I 've gone off lithium and am taking it exclusively for BP2. I 'm on a low dose of 50 mg because I experienced some itching at first, which did go away after about a month. Now, I have NO side effects, and my depression is GONE without me feeling numb. In other words, I can still be sad without spinning into depression. I haven 't gone manic either, but I rarely go that way, so it works for me!
When I got ran over by the 18 wheeler, tried everything. Chiropractor, Physical therapy, tramadol, etc. nothing stopped the pain. Lortab 7.5 is only thing that works. Take 1/2 in morning, 1/2 at lunch, and 1/2 in evening. Just watch for dizziness, nausea, and I guess that 's a side effect. I feel loopy and detached a little, but it 's better than hurting all the time. Most definitely don 't mix with booze, made me sick as a dog. Also watch your tolerance. One day tried to take a whole one and had to lay down.  Just be mindful it hits everyone different. Hope this helps.
Nobody has mentioned this, but this medication makes me have to pee more often.
Don 't believe anyone that tells you the taste is not bad.  It is awful and there is no way to mask it. I couldn 't even finish the second dose. This is the worst part of the whole procedure and there has to be a better way!
I have been taking this to see if it will help with my vaginismus, which is where the vaginal clamps down during any sort of penetration due to a trauma. I think it has helped mildly, but not cured my condition - which is not surprising, since it 's mostly mental.
I am male with Fibromyalgia since the early 1990 's.  Have tried a variety of regimens and some medications to help.  Started Savella the first time late in 2009.  Side effects became so bad that I chose to stop.  Fibromyalgia got to the point that it was ruining quality of life, so I started again in February.  This time, I decided to go really slow with the titration.  Two weeks at 25 mg a day, 2 weeks at 37.5 mg, etc.  Now at 50 mg a day in 2 doses.  Have occasional nausea, prostrate-like issues, headaches, and rapid heartbeat, but not severe enough to stop.  Pain management is much better.  May try increased dosage to see what happens.  Stick with it and go slowly is my advice.
I was on Lutera for 2 years until I switched 3 months ago to Aviane. I stopped taking Lutera because my pharmacy no longer carried it. I am going to find a pharmacy that does carry it. Every so often I would spot between periods on Lutera, but now that I 've experienced the mood swings of Aviane I don 't mind a little spotting. I would recommend Lutera.
I was in the hospital for a week in January with colitis.  Was prescribed Amitiza when I was released, 2 capsules per day of 240mcg.  I started taking the med. and after 3 days I was having very lose bowel movements 4 or 5 times a day.  I had also been told to go on the Mediterranean diet.  I only had nausea the first couple of days.  I finally learned to take the med. only once  a day and did so for a week.  I started skipping the med for 1 day and then 2 days.  I started having regular bowel movements every morning so (with the Dr. 's approval) I only take the medicine as needed. If you follow the directions VERY CAREFULLY some of the symptoms will go away,  I am a 79 year old extremely active man.
It has stopped the muscle spasms from a disc in my back. Finally had a good nights sleep.
While I love how dependable the Implanon is and it is painless and thoughtless, every woman 's body is different. I had my period for 2 weeks every month and then I would spot for 2 weeks and then have maybe a week without bleeding and then it would start again. You have to weigh what is the most important to you and if not having to worry about taking a pill or inserting a birth control method inside your every month is what matters to you then honestly this is the way to go. I had no weight gain and no mood swings. 
I started having extreme joint pain almost overnight and was like that for over 2 weeks.  The Doctor put me on Celebrex, 2 pills 2 times a day for 5 days with 1 pill once a day since.  I feel so much better and no side effects, not even an upset stomach. I 'm so happy there is a pain medication that is not a steroid or narcotic.
I have been taking Niaspan ER 2000mg for three months.  I am scheduled to get my first lab tests to determine its effectiveness on lowering my elevated Lpa level and whether my liver function is okay.  I have noticed that the medicine needs to be taken by 930 or 1000pm.  If I take the medication too late in the evening, I still can feel the effects of Niaspan when I get up for work the next morning.  I also noticed that taking it with water alone, causes the symptoms to be much worse than taking it with a small glass of milk or snack.  So I take it before 10pm with a small glass of milk or snack, and there seems to be very little symptoms.
yes I find this drug ok for my condition. Thankfully I haven 't experienced any side effects at moment. I have lost weight and pain has been reduced.
I 'm 23 and was on Microgestin for 4  years. The only major side effect I experienced was not getting my period at all for the last 3 of those years. My doctor explained that it 's not uncommon for Microgestin to thin the lining of the uterus so much that there 's nothing left to shed, and although I certainly wasn 't going to complain, it was still kind of weird. Zero cramps, headaches, nausea, spotting, mood swings, weight change, or change in sex drive. The only down side was that my face broke out about halfway through my pill pack every month; not really terrible acne, just annoying pimples. I 've since switched to Ocella and seen a huge improvement in my skin, although I got my period again the first month I switched. 
I have a terminal illness, kidney failure. the times that I 've needed to calm down, easy worry, and calm my tight muscles-valium is the solve. I 've been taking it for almost 4 years, without additiction or compulsion to &quot;have to have it.&quot; When my back is against the wall with all my medical situations, this drug has provided for my lifestyle very well. thanks to all for sharing honestly on this site.
I completely stopped having panic attacks after taking this medication for a few months. I had become house-bound by several debilitating panic attacks every day.  I have been on Paxil for close to a year, and it is still working.  Side effects I experienced were bruising for the first few months.  I also experienced numbness and tingling (my arms and legs started falling asleep all the time).  I began taking magnesium supplements and the tingling stopped.  I am still experiencing weight gain and tiredness and constant yawning, as well as decreased focus and memory.  I am also unable to orgasm, which is strange for me because I used to be able to reach orgasm very easily.  Overall, I can work and live again so it 's worth the side effects.
This has worked great for me. Manages my pain well and my only side effect is feeling sleepy towards evening. I 've taken it for over four years and am now reducing daily dosage with pain still managed well.
I started on 10mg off citalopram when I was 16, they had zero effect so they upped me to 20mg of fluoxetine which made my severe depression worse, my brother was also prescribed fluoxetine and we both experience and major increase in suicidal thoughts whilst on them so I went back to the doctor. He then prescribed me with sertraline 50mg. The first few weeks of taking them were a nightmare, I 'd wake up and take the tablet with my breakfast and I 'd finds myelf being exhausted all then time and then I 'd struggle to sleep at night.  My partners mum is on sertraline 100mg and she said that the best thing to do is take them half an hour before you go to bed because the tiredness  effect doesn 't take long to kick in. Now I feel a lot happier
Only been taking it for a week, but have noticed my mood stabilize. Experiencing, some of the side effects listed like muscle spasms, back pain, blurred vision, and difficulty moving my eyes at times.
I am updating my previous review from 1/19/2017. I have now up to the full dose of Contrave(2  morning, 2  night). I have never experienced ANY stomach upset, ANY headache, or any other listed side effect except I noticed on the first day when I up my dose I am extremely fatigued but was fine within 24 hours. I 've quit craving an evening cocktail, sugar, and fast food and I stop eating when I 'm full rather than stuffed. The 4-pill regimen has only been for about a week but I can certainly tell a difference. I will post an update when I notice any changes.
Very effective for treating respiratory allergy symptoms &amp; congestion. But the side effect of prostate swelling limits its use.
I have schizoaffective and have been on this medicine almost 1 month.This medicine has really helped with voices (After about 2 weeks) and hallucinations.It has also helped my motivation and mood. I too have had to use my klonopin very infrequently while on Vraylar. I have tried almost all the antipsychotics and all have made me gain weight. This one I am actually losing about 1 pound a week with eating a healthy diet and exercising. I 'm glad I continued to look for the right medicine because I have been without and I know how that ends up. It is really expensive but you can ask for samples then if it works for you, they do have a card that makes it 15.00 per month. Good luck.
I was switched to this when I moved from college and I 've experienced pros and cons of this birth control. It is free (covered by my insurance) as to where my previous one was not. My skin is SO CLEAR now. And I mean not one spot of acne compared to before when my skin was breaking out all the time. It hasn 't helped me too much with the pain though which is my only complaint. Overall, I 'm partial to this now.
I have depression I suffered for many years in the dark big time. I was too scared to say anything. I finally had to say something. I am a male of course (got to hide those feelings). Things were getting very very bad. I talked to my doctor and a shrink and got me on 20 mgs of Paxil 15 years ago and it really does help with the hell I felt within for years. Please be patient. Hang in there one day at a time if I can do it you can too. I was really bad from what docs say. It takes time to adjust to the medicine but well worth it. Drinking and not taking reasonable care of yourself won 't help at all. Live a cleaner life does make a difference. No guilt. The side effects are for me constipation and a bit of brain fog.
It works quite well, I used to have numerous whiteheads constantly covering my chin but this works well. Occasionally I will have a few pimples but normally its during sports and when I 'm not playing sports I 'm clear. The biggest drawback is it is very hard to apply. It leaves a white flakey coating all over your face that is hard to remove with out removing the product. I normally get rid of it with moisturizer but it requires two applications that are hard to rub in.
I have BiPolar Disorder 1. My biggest problem has always been crippling depression of the type that causes me to become non-functional. My manias have been bad but not as dramatic as some - mostly career self sabotage. But severe manias have been few and far between.Here 's the deal for me: Cymbalta works. It lifts the fog, lessens the awful physical pain, stops the anxiety, and keeps me from lying in bed too hopeless to even believe death would help.At 60 mg., it gives me some mild mania - just enough to let me live my life- but not enough to make me wild.It messes up sex some, but not near as much as Zoloft &amp; others. I take it with Wellbutrin 300 XL. Stopped it once because of dollars - but never again.
This is a 5-ASA suppository.  Helpful in gaining control of a mild UC flare.  No side effects.  Fairly easy to &quot;hold in&quot; compared to Rowasa, but doesn 't spread as far, pretty much only the rectum.  A little lube helps, I also knock off the rough edges on the blunt end.
Diagnosed with HepC in 2011, After a long battle with my insurance company finally got approved for Harvoni with the help of Patient Advocate Foundation and the fact that the insurance company waited way too long to come to a decision on my original appeal at their denial. Have been taking it now for thirteen days and at my first blood test was told my condition is stable. I haven 't  experienced any of the side effects so many others have reported. I take my medicine while at work with no problems. I am really praying that I will be cured because I really want to put this behind me. Will update later when I hopefully get the good news that my blood is back clear and untainted. I have faith that I will be another success story for Harvoni.
After having a tooth infection and being on cocodamol for 5 days, I had only passed a small hard BM and was feeling groggy, bloated, full even after no food. I took 2 tablets about 1130pm and was fine through the night, no pain whatsoever. Woke up in the morning and felt the same so took 2 more. About 8pm so nearly 24 hours after my first lot, 8 hours after my second lot I felt a little off and had a bit of achey stomach. Went to the toilet fine and felt relieved. Had an urge to go about 30 minutes after really bad cramps which seemed to clear me up the most. Then went again around 2 hours after that which seemed a bit watery and loose but fine you don 't really feel anything.  Overall I feel so much better now. Definitely recommend for the easiest relief.
Due to issues with my insurance I recently have had to switch from Ambien CR to regular Ambien. Although the medication is very helpful to me in falling asleep I have found that I wake up throughout the night (1-3 times). A problem that I did not experience when taking the Ambien CR. Nonetheless, Ambien has significantly helped me cope with my insomnia.
I have been in hospital for 3 weeks now.  It started out as obstructive jaundice, which they put in a stint and started me on Vidocin.  The vicodin worked great for my abdominal pain, but did nothing for the spasms I started getting in my back after being in the hospital bed for over 2 weeks.  Finally, after 2 days of intensely painful and nearly uncontrolable back spasms, they put me on Flexeril.  I 'm finally able to move around and breath normally without triggering more spasms.  Thank God for Flexeril.  The pain is nearly gone.  It didn 't shut it out entrirely, but it made it bearable enough that I 'm finally able to move, instead of having to stay perfectly still and take shallow breaths to avoid triggering another one.
I started this because I was having horrible insomnia for a couple of weeks due to not being able to quiet my brain. I also take Zoloft in the mornings. I have mixed feelings about this drug. This is not a drug that really helps me fall asleep. It does kind of quiet my thoughts some. What it does do though is help me not wake up for hours. I actually do get a full restful nights sleep...eventually. The dreams are also pretty awesome. I feel like I have been on some crazy dream adventures the last couple of months! Sometimes I am slow to come out of my sleep fog in the mornings but nothing a few splashes of cold water to the face won 't fix. I also find my anxiety levels are nice and calm the next day. Overall I think it is helpful.
My doctor prescribes it for use before a colonoscopy procedure.  This medicine is excellenr for its intended use. BUT the directions should be customized depending on person weight. I took the first dose with no problem because I had other liquids at the stomach. I am about 137 # and when I drink ithe second dose during the morning it cause me nausea and during taking the last portion, I started vomiting  and I thought I would not be able to have the study. I continue to take the water as indicated. Nevertheless I had about three hours in the bathroom and The colonoscopy was performed without problems. I suggest that the manufacturer should study a better method to drink it; evaluate if could be taken more diluted.
I am allergic to penicillin and related drugs so my options mostly relate to tetracycline and its relations. For me that has been doxycyline. I have used it for respiratory &amp; sinus/gum infections. This time I developed severe pain in the sinuses, significant discharge of  nasty mucus with coughing, body aches, and bilateral ear pain resulting in dizziness.  This occurred 3 days after I returned from a 14 day trip through the Southwestern states. Dr did a full exam. Temps were in 99.9 to 101.7 at first. It took about 4-5 days @ a dose 100x2 per day but it is working. I still have aches and ears still blocked somewhat with some dizziness but hoping that will clear. Tomorrow is day 7. Dr will check in@ day 10. So far so good.
5 days 5 lbs down. The nausea is making me sick. I hope it goes away soon. Not sure I can handle nausea every day for much longer. DO NOT HAVE ANY ALCOHOL on Contrave. I had 2 glasses of wine in 5 hrs, vomiting all night as if it was my first time having a glass of wine.
On it since 01/2016, emotionally and mentally, I feel so much calmer. I used to explode for everything. I have yet to have an argument with my husband since the pill officially started working in my system. I feel so much happier! I haven 't lost weight but I do feel less bloated. My heart rate is down. Cons: back acne (not even as a teen did I have acne), a lot of heartburn (especially at night), I notice these side effects get worst if I don 't take it at my usual 4am. I know it says to take it at least 30 minutes before a meal but I feel better if I wait at least three to four hours before I eat. Biggest observation to control side effects is the timing at which I take the pill, 3am to 4 am works the best for me.
I hate this drug. Hate it, hate it, hate it. I have to take it 4 times a day for 14 days.  My doctor is sadistic.  I 'm so nauseous I can barely breath. Even on anti-nausea meds! I have no energy. I can 't sleep. My head hurts. This feels 10x worse than the flu. But it works. It will help heal the diverticulitis. It always does. And every time it sucks.
Hello everyone I 'm here as a frequent user of both the prescribed pill the obgyn gives u for yeast and also over the counter miconazole products.. I recently went to obgyn and got prescribed the pill, didn 't work, don 't know why because this wasn 't my first time taking and it worked the first so I went to my trusted 7 day miconazole pack that works everytime I have tried it which has been about 3 times. LADIES MICONAZOLE ALWAYS BURNS BAD! Your walls are chapped and distressed from yeast infection so this medication is healing that. Its not pretty but it gets the job done ok! Of course 1 day ovule which I 've ALSO tried is very bad and leaky why I will no longer try BUT its processed to cure the whole infection in ONE sitting..of course it hurts more lol
I have been taking 100 mg of Zonegran daily for about a month, and have noticed a reduction in the amount and severity of my migraines.
Have been on this for 3 years now. Started when I was 16. First my boobs grew rapidly 2 cup sizes. It also gained a little weight but not very much and it went away after I was on it a few months, but my breasts have remained larger. Periods are very regular with very little bleeding.  I have not always been one to practice save sex... And have had no pregnancy scares.
I took minocycline 100 mg for over 6 months then my Doctor put me down to 50mg every other day, when I was on 100 mg once a day it was great skin was so nice clear and smooth, now the 50mg every other day not that greatest, I also use a topical cream he *benzycline* or something like that, I started to break out again my skin is not smooth I know stress is a huge factor on breaking out but I don 't what to do, I am going back to my Doctor to see what he suggest I am 32 years old and I want to be off this medication I want to start trying to kids soon so I don 't want be on this  I just want my zits gone for good.. I am starting to get a few on cheeks and around the chin area so frustrating and depressing.anyone have any suggestions?
I was prescribed Yaz but my doc told me to ask for the &quot;generic brand&quot; and so I did as directed. However I had only looked up reviews for Yaz but not for Vestura the generic brand. I settled and after getting home I did my research on Vestura. Now I realize birth controls will effect people differently and there are going to be great reviews and terrible ones but vestura only had terrible reviews. I took Vestura anyway and wow biggest mistake ever!!! DO NOT TAKE VESTURA! SPEND THE MONEY ON YAZ! Vestura made me have the worst mood swings, crying for hours about nothing, and then hyper the next minute. For the 3 weeks I have been on Yaz I have been 100% myself, even lost 6 pounds and skin clearing! Love it!!!
Cipro works well for me without incurring any noticeable negative side effects. Strangely though, I get many of the terrible side effects described by some here when taking levofloxacin - the insomnia, the crippling panic attacks, etc. It just goes to show, I suppose, how differently these meds affect different individuals.
A cancer patients best friend. I find it horribly constipating so I always take it with a stool softener.
I get chronic UTI 's and kidney infections.  I recently found out that my chronic infections have led to scarring of my left kidney and both ureters so I go in for a cystoscopy and Videourodynamics in December.  Cipro is the only thing that works for me.  It works fast too.   I usually get bad headaches with this medicine, but I am prone to headaches as well...lucky me.  I always make sure I take good probiotics when I am on this medicine to replenish the gut flora.  Bactrim is weak and never works...Cipro is the only thing that works for me and my body.  Everyone 's body is different so do your research and talk to your doctor about your concerns.
They worked for me and I had smoked for almost 40 years.  I occasionally got the hiccups, but they were better than Cancer.
Depakote made some gain weight? It made me lose about 15 pounds all fat and I got chiseled abs I haven 't had since 18. I stopped all substance intake including caffeine. 
Overall diclegis has definitely reduced my nausea, so that I don 't want to die 24/7. I can still notice the nausea some, especially when it gets closer to the next dosage. I am on 4 a day. It took two days to lessen the nausea, and I 've still been vomitting once a day on average, and holding more back. I still need to keep stomach full, but at least I can drink sips of water and eat some food, other than only toast.  The first three days I was a zombie. Now I can stay awake with caffeine in morning, a nap in afternoon. I don 't know if i can return to work because I am so sleepy, which is the major negative. I was also constipated the first several days. I hate taking medicine, but i have two children to care for and was getting dehydrated.
I used the 1 day tioconazole cream, not the suppository. I have used the suppository before WHICH SUCKS and it hurt like hell fire in my vagina however it worked, so I was nervous to try the 1 day cream, but I have been on antibiotics for a week and got a yeast infection as a result so I used monistat expecting terrible pain. However there was NO pain at all. One hour in, I got out of bed and walked around causing an intense itch but I laid down and it went away after about 15 minutes. I woke up in the morning with no pain at all and no itchiness. My vagina is slightly sore, nothing unmanageable. I expect the soreness will go away by tomorrow morning like it did last time when I used the suppository. I would say this is very effective.
I was addicted to heroin in high doses for almost a year and was unsuccessfully trying to get clean the whole time, getting all the way through cold turkey detox and relapsing once I felt better and the cravings took hold. I 'd taken suboxone in the past but only because it got me REALLY high and not as a maintenance med. After a week clean with immense cravings I started on Zubsolv maintenance and have had almost zero cravings since.I much prefer the taste and dissolve time to subs, however I do find that if I sleep in too long and don 't take my morning dose on time I wake up very sick and start vomiting (extremely painful vomiting at that) until my dose kicks in after 30-60 minutes. I still highly recommend it, I have my life back!!
i am on methadone for cauda equina nerve pain, and CRPS/RSD. If it was not for  the fentora i would be dead years ago. I needed something to knock out the pain fast, as i have bone on bone/nerves  in my lower back , no hardware, 2 emerg lamy 's, nerves entrapped. Opana for breakthrough took too long, i waited as long as i could , 45 min to 60min. Be on floor in a ball with shocks every 6 seconds,and toes and feet sawed off. Body would Jolt . I would take another dose of opana and a couple time i almost woke up dead, in my own excrement. Only complaint i have on Fentora is that it is like a sweet tart, and you 're not suppose to suck on them,  . I also have sore in my buccal area now
I was on this drug for many years. I took the 4mg dose 2 X and sometimes 3 X a day, without any problems. I did get skin sensitivity but that is genetic as my daughter also has it. I found the drug more effective taken with diuretic -Bendroflumethiazide up to 5 mg daily - but this caused gout eventually.To be honest this is a good drug, given that I 've tried many combinations of blood pressure medicines.
Previously, I had been using Ambien for a couple of years. What I found with that was that it either got me off to sleep within half an hour, which it did most of the time, or it didn 't work at all that night. The big problem was that it didn 't keep me asleep for more than 3 or 4 hours at a time.I 've been using temazepam for about three weeks now. At first it was great - I 'd be asleep within 15 minutes or so and sleep 7 or 8 hours straight. But now something else is going on: I 'm sleeping 10 to 12 hours at a stretch, and waking up feeling woozy. Obviously, I need to get with my doctor about this.
I just found out I had high blood pressure in April 2011 from April till August I tried 7 different BP medicines and they were all to strong to say the least and made me sick to the point that I could not function and gave me severe headaches. My BP was all over the place way high then it would bottom out.  My cardio suggested I try a beta blocker since I started having panic attacks as well and it would help my heart rate slow down a bit. I started Bystolic 5mg Aug 1 and found out that one was way too strong and they lowered my dose to 2.5mg and I started taking it at bedtime.  Taking it at night really did the trick and the lower dose is much better for me and my BP is staying steady about 117/72.  So far so good.
My son, husband and I all took this and it certainly works! Yuck!  We knew we had them, but we were even blowing them out of our noses, eeeuuu, so gross!  Side effects have been all had a rash, 2 had/have headaches,  2 GI upset with diarrhea, &amp; all 3 spent more time in the bathroom then we want to admit even here.  Is it worth it? YES, yes it is, especially if you consider the thoroughly disgusting alternative.
I have had anxiety all my life, my mom will tell you since I was 4 years old lol. I went on prescription meds when I was 18. Started with Lexapro, it stopped working. Switched to Prozac, that stopped working. Switched to another SSRI, so on and so forth for years. I have always disliked meds like Xanax, due to how my body tolerated the drug. So I declined taking anything in that drug class or even close to it. I am not a depressed person, I have been diagnosed with GAD for the past 15 years. I have to say, I feel such a change after 3 weeks on no meds to clear my system and now being on Buspar 10mg BID for the past week. My head feels clear, sex drive is back and off the charts, my memory is back. I will keep updating but so far I 'm happy!
I have had insomnia related to my fibromyalgia for sometime. When my doctor suggested I try trazadone I was skeptical. Now I never want to be without it. It has done wonders for my sleep and the quality of my sleep. No grogginess or trouble waking up. I would recommend it for those that have trouble both getting to sleep and staying asleep.
I have been taking Pristiq for 5 days.  This is the first antidepressant I have ever taken.  It is working great, though the first day or two I felt like I was taking diet pills.  My appetite is gone and I have lost 4 pounds in 5 days.  I have felt a good deal of nausea, but have not vomited. I 'm always thirsty and have trouble sleeping (which was a problem before Pristiq), but my doctor gave me Xanax to help me fall asleep. I feel better than I did before.  I hope it will work for you too.
I took depo for 5 years.  Loved it for the most part.  First starting it was kinda rough. I lightly bleed continuously for 3-5mo for the most part. I had really heavy periods before hand so I didn 't think it was that big of a deal. After about a year on it my periods would stop for 2.5 months then start 2 weeks before my shot was due.  MY SIDE EFFECTS: I gained 20 my normal average -30 pounds heaviest being unhealthy on depo. I started when I was 19- stopped @24.  So weight gain is pretty normal so I 'm sure it wasn 't all depo related.  I also slowly lost my sex drive and it  became nonexistent.  After 5 years I 'm getting off because I think I didn 't take enough calcium and now my joints started to ache. REMEMBER to take 1500 mg calcium**
So I got this implant on the 3/31, it was quick &amp; painless (even though I was totally freaking out lol) done within 3 mins. I bruise VERY easily so I def got a nice big bruise. It just went away 3 days ago. So far the birth control is doing its job. The only complaint I have is that I 've had headaches 2-3 times a day randomly. They come and go never last longer than like 10-15 mins. I just started my period today and I must say the cramps I got made me feel like I was in labor. They were so bad I started crying at work like a baby. But after about an hour they dimmed down a little. Hopefully this period won 't last long because it is pretty heavy in my opinion at least heavier than what I 'm use to.
I use this mediciation to treat psuedotumor. I was taking the medication twice daily but had to go to 3 times a day because it was keeping the fluid down as much as I needed it too. It does not make me need to use the restroom all that much.
I 've been on Depakote for 11 years and it 's worked pretty good. I was on Zarontin as well for a few years but I stopped that about six years ago. Just Depakote ER since then and I 've only had 1 grand mal seizure. Works pretty well. 
So far it helps with everything, except for whats going on in my head (the constant thoughts). But I 've only been on it for 3 weeks so I 'm staying positive.
This medicine really helped me get in remission about 6 years ago. I 'm still taking it as a maintenance drug- but I have been flaring up for the past 2 years while taking it. Prednisone has been my savior as far as the flaring up. Next step...Remicade. We will see how it goes!
Just want to report my experience after just one dose.I was prescribed 7 doses at 500mg for bronchitis. I went to the doctor because the cough I had was resulting in a suffocating feeling after the cough. I was in bad shape. After just one dose, the cough is not so devastating--certainly no longer feels like I am suffocating. Although I slept real good last night, I do indeed feel fatigued today. Now editing this comment after the full 7 day use of this medication. I didn 't realize until the 4th day of use that I was experiencing the &quot;dizziness&quot; side effect that can result from use. That is the only reason this medicine doesn 't get a 10 rating from me. It really knocked out my infection. However, the dizziness was indeed bothersome.
I was taking Doxycycline but was switched to Clarithromycin since it 's summer and can 't be in the sun with Doxy. Clarithromycin doesn 't seem as strong as the Doxy for me at 500 mg 2x day, to get peak results. I too get a metal taste in mouth when taking this. I experience some fatigue, but I 'm not sure if it is from the meds not being as strong as Doxy. Some people have mentioned stomach aches etc. like the person taking it for H-Pylori. That experience is die off of bacteria which causes the stomach aches etc. called herxing. The bacteria release toxins into our body after they are killed, and that is what causes the awful feeling. It is actually a good thing that doesn 't last more than 2 hrs or so. Killing the bacteria is the goal.
I take about 10 milligrams of Doxaprin about four nights a week. I 've been doing this for about 8 months now .I don 't have trouble falling asleep I have trouble staying asleep and Doxaprin keeps me asleep. I now sleep like a baby on this 4 nights. I don 't really build a tolerance up to it like I did with xanax. I find virtually no side effects other than I don 't want to get out of bed in the morning but a cup of coffee solves that. Unless there is some long term side effects I don 't know about I can 't say anything negative about this substance good luck.
I have found this medicine to be extremely helpful, although I do have some side effects from it. I have been on Xyrem for about 4 months now. I wake up feeling better than I have in years, but I have a trembling feeling (like being very cold) on the inside of my body that lasts for about 1 hour, and my hands shake very badly for about 3 hours. Both of these side effects occur upon getting up in the morning. I will say I can tolerate the shaking, because this medicine is truly amazing.
I 've been on Zoloft for three days and I already feel an improvement. I 've got to say Zoloft you 've given me my life back. THANK YOU.
Having Crohn 's for 15+ years, a resection under my belt 13 years ago and several flares.....this medicine is my doctors go to med to treat my flares along with predisone. The metallic taste is horrific but within a week of taking this med 3 times daily with other meds, it does the trick (but I do finish the 14 day treatment). I take nausea medicine an hour before the flagyl as I do get nauseated also. The side effects are horrible no doubt, but when dealing with a Crohn 's flare, there isn 't else worse than the havoc Crohn 's is wrecking in our bodies anyways.
I 'm 15 and I 've been on Trinessa for about a month. I have NO side effects. I 'm on the pill for acne and I 'll tell you it does get worse then better. I had the worst breakouts when I first started it and I wanted too get off the pill but I was going be patient. Now my skin is improving. I recommended this for you. Try it.
Third week on prozac and I feel great. My mind is clear, I am able to focus on today and not obsess over the future, it 's amazing. The first week I started on 10mg then the second at 20mg. Only side effects I had were insomnia and nausea for the first week. Still, definitely worth it for me :) I am finally present and not stuck in my mind.
I have been on Microgestin Fe 1/20 for almost 9 Months &amp; I have to say that I can 't complain. This birth control has worked very well with my body, few days or none periods, I do actually notice I get really emotional. Haven 't noticed any difference in sex drive. Overall great pill.
Great for short term pain relief as far as long term the withdrawal makes you wish you never started taking and could manage pain without it only if nessesary. Follow directions.
I 'm giving it an 8 now because I 've been only on it for less than a week but so far it 's awesome. I 've had this problem of excessive sweating for less than 2 years, it seemed to accelerate when I hit 40.  Plus I have a pretty stressful job and I have to give a lot of presentations.  I would only wear black on those days but I love bright colors so on the rare days I did wear red or yellow I would always get a lot of compliments.  Little did people know, I would be stuffing toilet paper or paper towels under my arms!  I told my dermatologist and he prescribed Drysol.  So far it 's working wonders.  I visited Georgia for a few days and it was hot and humid but I wasn 't sweating! 
I 've struggled with GAD since my late teens which worsened following a tragic and untimely death in the family..which also lead to PTSD I tried numerous anti depressants but most of them slowed me down I didn 't want this. So many years ago maybe 12 years ago I was prescribed effexor since then my dose has gone up and down I 'm now on 225mg daily I was able to come off them cold turkey for 3 pregnancies I can only suggest early pregnancy hormones took over as withdrawal effects were minimal. But in general withdrawal effects are horrendous if I miss a day or 2 as I 've failed to collect them on time I have an upset stomach...sweating and termors...nightmares, feelings of terror, luckily they work fast! I 'm a fan they help &amp; make me feel normal
The side effect of slight nausea is worth the outcome.
I was prescribed 500mg to be taken two times a day for 15 days for BV. I had an upset stomach, dark urine, bad taste in my mouth, headaches and pain in/behind my eyes from day one through 15 on the pills. It made me lethargic and just overall under the weather. I considered stopping half way through but I could be doing more harm than good that way (you 're supposed to take your full course of antibiotics to avoid bacterial resistance). My BV symptoms did clear up within 4 days or so. I must say it works well but made me feel gross :(
I was diagnosed 8 yrs ago with ADD, at 45 I wish I 'd had  this info and medication. My life has changed for the better. I do  notice a major difference in the pink 30 mg   verses the orange. The pink ones make me feel like I 'm a zombie. They also make me sad and I get red blotches over my body.
My arthritis was pretty much under control using naprosyn, but it started making my stomach bleed so I had to discontinue using it. I was in pain all the time and couldn 't participate in my hobby of folk dancing and even had to use a cane increasingly. After about a year of this I began taking Relafen and it relieved my pain dramatically. It 's still not as good as the naprosyn but it is a lot easier on my stomach.
I have been taking Strattera 60MG for 6 months and am a Male that weighs 185LBS and is 6 ft 2 in. The ATX(Strattera) was not enough to help my severe unmotivation. I recently added on Concerta (alza 18mg generic) to my medications and it has helped dramatically. Like a pair of eyeglasses, I can now &quot;see&quot; my life in a better light. It will not get your work done for you nor will it solve all of your issues that you may have, but it will make life a LOT easier to live. Instead of always worrying and being behind, I can get what is real important done and get to what is important another day. My mood has not been bad, my driving is less road rageish. I 'm a LOT less stressed out and anxious. I 'm blessed to get help at age 22. I am doing well
I started this med after 8 yrs of methadone for chronic widespread pain. Was originally started out with a very low dose of 10mg 2X daily and it didn 't seem to help at all. Was raised to 40 mg and for some strange reason after not feeling as though it was helping and going to 3X a day I was given the name brand instead of the genetic and within 24 hrs I noticed a measurable difference. Now my insurance won 't pay for the name brand and although in the same dose, 40 mg 3X daily I feel like I 've been given a placebo. The name brand works wonderfully as long as I take an instant release med with it but if I don 't it is not effective enough to let me sleep without tossing and turning. I am taking a total of 120 mg per day.
I have had Mirena for a little over a year now, got it about 8 weeks after my daughter was born. Since I was already prone to Ovarian Cysts and it 's a possible side effect, they are worse now. I used to have a very high libido and now I could care less. Honestly I can 't even get in the mood.  I have no interest what-so-ever in sex. It seems as though I am still as moody as I was when I was pregnant. Lately I have been getting sick frequently not sure if there is any relation. BUT besides that I LOVE my Mirena, can they just make a low estrogen one? That would be GREAT!
Was on Aviane for a year with no problem, switched to Ortho for 3 months and gained weight, got acne, and my sex drive DIED. Back on Aviane for 3 days now and can already tell things are getting better.In my initial experience with Aviane, I felt a bit nauseous at times after taking the pill for the first couple months, but that went away. I didn 't really gain weight, and didn 't find it hard to drop some weight when I started a workout regimen. My skin was clear, sex drive great, maybe a little more emotional around period time but nothing out of control, really helped with cramps, and had a predictable and short/light period. I even skipped a period once on Aviane because of a vacation and had no side effects.
I 've been on this for a month now. No weight gain, which was my main concern for going back on birth control.  I also feel the same stress wise, so thats a plus; it hasn 't added any extra &quot;craziness&quot; to my life like previous birth control has. However, I haven 't had a period yet.. I haven 't taken a pregnancy test, but I 'm thinking it is just my body just adjusting to it and the normal stress from graduate school.  Overall I 'm happy with this birth control.
I have an osteotomy in my left tibia.  The surgery was a year ago, and the break has not filled in with new bone.  I was prescribed the patches with the caveat  that &quot;they may not work.&quot;  They work very well and my pain has decreased between 75-90%.  If I use them as directed (1 every 12hrs)  they are most effective.  There are some issues with the adhesive on the edges but I 've found if I warm them with my hand they stick better.  True, there is very little movement of fabric over the area as with back issues.  I work with a personal trainer 5 days a week so the leg gets a lot of use.  Mine is an unusual use for these patches, but they are definitely worth a try.
I have been on this birth control for around 4 months now, I was switched to Junel because my insurance no longer covered Minastrin 24 Fe. Both are the same dosages of hormone I believe. I have not had any pregnancy scares on this, nor have I had a period, which I personally love. I have not noticed any weight gain, or increase in appetite that I 'm sure is mostly life related. I have noticed slightly more cramping, on about a 4/10 scale, that only occurs around 4 times a month and lasts throughout that day. It 's not terrible. The only other negative side effect that I do believe is from Junel, are my headaches. I am prone to migraines, which these definitively are not, they just feel like cluster headaches that an Advil usually fixes.
Great for pain but the nausea and stomach pain are terrible.
I have been on this medication for years. I do not take it on a daily basis. When pain pills do not work so good I take a Dilantin to help stop the pain. I have found if you take any of the medications for this disorder your body gets used to it and have to up the dose. I also take Ativan at night if I am not able to sleep because of pain and do not take it every night because my body will get used to it. This is the worst thing I think a person can get and have to live with because it is like getting beat in the face everyday all day long. Oh and do not have your tooth pulled thinking it will get better ... because I have pulled all mine and still have the same pain. 
Saphris is the best bi-polar medication I have taken. I sleep the best I ever had on Saphris and do not experience manic out bursts. Other bi-polar medications made me gain weight. On other medications I have gained 30 lbs in a short time frame. On Saphris, I haven 't gained any weight and weigh a few pounds less than I did before I started to take Saphris.
I am 54 years old; I have been using Fem-ring for more than two years. Prescribed 0.5 mg; changed ring every three months. This past month, I developed intermittent abdominal, low back, and side pain with occasional vaginal discharge; escalated into chronic abdominal pain with fever, chills, nausea, and skin rash, with constant discharge. I removed and discarded the Femring. Pain, fever, and chills quickly subsided; discharge decreased. White blood cell count had escalated. Apparently, my body was rejecting the ring as it was trying to embed itself. My gynecologist has prescribed an antibiotic suppository treatment for infection. It has been four days since I removed the ring; I have been on the antibiotic for only one night, and have not experienced the low back, side, and abdominal pain as before removing it.
I 've been on Ortho Tri-Cyclen for about 3/4 months now and the biggest positive for me was that it cleared my hormonal chin acne. Lately I 've really felt the mood swings though, I 'm usually a very happy person but lately I 've been feeling very blah and I feel like I can 't concentrate. Sex drive is also a little blah. Weight is about the same too.
Was given this to treat Epidiymitis, which hurts like a mother. Within two hours of taking the first tablet, the ache in my scotum had gone! Outstanding result. However, as I continued with the course, I began to suffer side effects - the first two doses were fine, but after taking the third tablet, I began to feel nauseated - sick, dizzy, sensitive to light, headache, drowsy and some strange cramping in my fingers. I contacted my GP, who said he wasn 't concerned, and added that surely this was preferable to the pain I had been suffering prior to taking the medication?Well yeah, but...y 'know.....the side effects are horrid.I rate the drug highly for doing what it 's supposed to. It 's early days in my treatment, but the pain is gone.
I think Zoloft can work well for panic disorders. I would 've given it an 8-9, but the start up side effects were pretty rough for about 2 weeks, and a lot of other things seem to interact with it...at least in my case. I can 't drink, at all. If I do, I experience side effects again for 2-3 days, including increased anxiety. Also, I 've noticed that if I take ibuprofen or Tylenol, I also experience side effects again. I thought perhaps I was being paranoid, but there 's actually studies that confirm they decrease effectiveness of SSRI 's. When I don 't drink or take pain meds, it works wonderfully, but its a bit of a pain. It also seems to help if you suffer from migraines.
I am 29 never been on birth control before.I recently started taking it due to painful periods due to uterine fibroids, I started taking it a month ago I would take it around 1pm and was the worst mistake ever could not control my emotions or mood was feeling foggy and in daze always tired could not concentrate always agitated. My friend suggested I start taking them at night before bed so I take them at 10  ish to 1030 now and makes a huge difference. I 'm back to my old self now my periods last at least 5 days no where near bloating or the painful periods I 've had before. I have not experienced any weight gain or any other negative effects besides the ones taking them during the day my breasts are sometimes tender but not a big deal.
I was very reluctant to use this method, but I must say that it works.  My hot flashing has decreased to 1 hot flash per day.  I now have moisture in my vagina again, which is naturally creamy like before my hysterectomy.  I am very pleased.
Took Ambien for years but noticed increased short term memory problems, so I switched to Belsomra. Not the same kind of sleep you experience with Ambien. Took about 10 days for me to get used to this one because of the difference. It more mimics how you used to feel when you naturally got sleepy, not a dopey kind of sleep. Also, if you don 't sleep because you 're an extremely anxious person, you will not find this one as effective. I don 't sleep as sound on this one if I have a lot on my mind, worrisome things, versus I just can 't sleep because I 'm wondering if, for example, Tesla 's ideas really will work :)
Nucynta is specifically targeted at chronic nerve pain, esp. diabetic neuropathic pain. Nucynta ER provides me with all day &amp; night relief better than the hydrocodene taken previously. After 4 months on this drug I have not experienced any significant side effects.
Excellent as long as I take it regularly. If I miss a dose I have heartburn right away. I wish there were some extended release form of this drug.
I started taking Yaz BC pills when I was 16 Years old. I am now 18 and still taking them and they have been a MIRACLE! When I was 16, I had LOTS of small, red acne all over my face, I tried and tried and tried with many topical creams to help reduce it and make them vanish, but nothing worked. (Although Benzyl Peroxide did help my acne on my forehead, but my cheeks/chin/mouth area was still horrible).My doctor prescribed me Yaz, and it honestly was the best decision. I started noticing my pimples vanishing after the first month of taking it. The only downside about this pill for me is, I am now 18 and have horrible mood swings. I get mad at people for no reason, and cry over nothing. After 2 years, I am gonna take a break from taking it.
As an adult with ADHD Concerta is the way to go. Focused and able to complete tasks. Although the lack of appetite and sleep come into play the time released 18mg work better for me then the 27mg...With 27 mgs I was tired and moody.
I think Yaz is a good birth control pill overall. My doctor switched me to this pill b/c it is one of the lowest doses out there- I needed to go back on bc pills because I suffered from hot flushes as soon as I went off the pill. It took two weeks on Yaz to stop the hot flushes (I 'm only 42, by the way) and I feel so much better. I do agree, however, that it does make me a little tired and I do have some headaches (during the period week)- but nothing like the monster headaches I got on some other brands. All in all-a good product. I will be on it as long as my doctor allows me to- hopefully to 50.
My doctor said I have chronic constipation, since laxatives stopped working, fiber supplement, water  fruit  vegetables don 't do anything to me. I had an entire bottle of Magnesium Citrate and didn 't do anything to me. I was so miserable and constipated that I didn 't know what to do anymore. My stomach looked like a big balloon and I had gas. My doctor gave me 4 bottles of Linzess 145 mcg/capsule. I took it and it works. I am so happy I found out about Linzess. The first few days the Bowel Motion was watery, but now it looks better. Its the best to take it early in the morning as someone already said with a tall glass of water, and within an hour you will go. I am so happy to know about Linzess and I hope it keeps doing miracles to me. Recommended.
Personally, taking 600mg. orally bid (or tid if symptomatic) for allergic bronchitis has reduced overall severity of seasonal exacerbations.  Have recommended it to others with chronic sinus or respiratory conditions where it 's indicated, and most of the time, reports are very favorable.  A safe older drug that is largely neglected in the U.S.  Recent trial in China showed decreased hospitalizations in persons with COPD who are maintained on N-acetylcysteine.
Update - I have been using the inhaler and been smoke free for 4 months.  The inhaler was very useful the 1st couple months in managing the hand to mouth habit.  It does not have the same enjoyable sensation of taking a drag, but it is an adequate substitute.  Although I never used the recommended dosage, for the last month I have only been using 2 to 3 cartridges a week and those are more in an attempt to prevent me from eating than a need for nicotine.  One thing that has really been a benefit is the reduced stress of travel as I no longer need to worry about when I can have my next cigarette!
I suffer from severe panic attacks. The primary symptoms being racing heartbeat, inability to think and sweating.  When an attack happens, it comes on rapidly, and often during important work situations.  I have been on Buspirone for approximately 3 months.  The first two months I was taking 10 mg two times a day.  Once at 9:00 a.m. and another at 2:00 p.m.  At this dosage, I would still get panic attacks but the severity was not as great.  So, when I have an attack, my heart races less, my mind is less cloudy and the sweating not as dramatic.  My doctor tells me this is due to the dosage, which we have changed today to 15 mg two times a day, on the same time schedule.   My hope is that this change will have the desired effect.
Ever since the 5th week of my pregnancy, my morning sickness was terrible I lost weight and couldn 't keep a thing down. I could hardly get out of bed. My doctor prescribed Zofran and it 's been a huge help. Doesn 't always take away the nausea feeling But no more vomiting! Definitely recommend it
Works good for about three hours. Quite bad insomnia.
I 've been on Periactin for about 6 months. I take 8mg at night but I can 't get up on time in the morning and the kids are late for school most days. I have found it works for my chronic urticaria but also noticed a huge weight gain. I was watching myself get fatter but didn 't know why. After reading all the other reviews I now know it is the Periactin so I 'm thinking of cutting back on the tablets. I need to lose weight. I feel horrible.
Wasn 't fond of opiate based medications and this helped with the withdrawal symptoms. Does some good (7/10) in alleviating tightness of the muscles when taken as prescribed, but the great thing about it is, there is no possibility of dependency.
Used the Voltaren Gel for tendinitis and frozen shoulder. It didn 't totally relieve the pain. Coupled with Hydrocodone and Physical Therapy..it allows me to sleep.
Dexilant was prescribed to replace my previous combination of omeprazole and rantidine. After 60 days is seems to be providing better GERD relief.
The tablets did help considerably with the throat and ear infection within 24hours. I was incredibly grateful as I was in a lot of pain. BUT, horrendous taste in mouth constantly (bit like crushed paracetamol mixed with metal!) Vile. It doesn 't go no matter what I do. I can 't sleep but am terribly tired and exhausted. Also very nauseous especially after eating. Good at clearing up infections but pretty yucky side effects. Weigh up which is worse. For me I was glad to get rid of the pain so went with the side effects. Can 't tolerate penicillin or erythromycin so don 't have much choice!
I can finally really concentrate and feel in control.
I 've been taking 3x 600 mg of gabapentin for about two months for my diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Prior to using gabapentin, my pain was intolerable, and was interfering with my ability to hold a job. I 've experimented with upping my dosage to as much as 1500 mg, and found that at that dosage it almost completely eliminated the pain, down to the point where it felt like a mild sun burn over my body, rather than like scalding water burns. However, I found that I did not like the side effects it was causing.I find that taking 900 mg seems to be optimal for me, with the best pain reduction and the least amount of side effects per dose. A friend told me about GABA, so I 'm going to try it and see if I can wean myself from gabapentin with it
I have been taking Xyzal for about a week now and it appears to have made an improvement concerning my allergies; however, I am feeling overly tired.
I have had the Paragard IUD for 3 years. Insertion was easy and painless. I got the Iud 3 months after giving birth to my second baby. I have not gotten pregnant on it. I have liked that it is hormone free. I never have to worry about taking a pill at a specific time. I have not had any weight gain or anything. However, the cramps are a little rough. They 're bearable though.  I cramp bad during ovulation and period. I do get more yeast infections.  In fact at least once every 3 months. Vaginal itching. All of these are something I can deal with to not be pregnant again. It has been an effective form of birth control. I would recommend it!
I use ST. John 's Wort with great success when working away at sea to lighten my moods, coming from a family with a big history of mental conditions I 'm the only one who refuses to take prescribed medication. This helps me get by, be careful when coming off it because I tend to slip back into the hole once stopped...try to exercise and get lots of fresh air into the lungs when taking it. Avoid alcohol full stop.
I have smoked 1/2-1 pack a day for over 30 years. In 2006, I quit cold turkey and stayed clean for 19 months before (stupidly) smoking again. I smoked until I started taking Chantix on 7/16/10.This medicine works to quit, the desire to continue smoking stopped after about the 6th day. These are the side effects for me: I have experienced VERY vivid and some really weird/disconcerting dreams, but not what I would describe as nightmares. For about the last 3-4 weeks, I have been experiencing severe depression, but not suicidal. I have experienced depressive cycles before in my life, but this has been pretty brutal. Dizziness, nausea (taking the pill on a full stomach helps) and constipation and weight gain. To be fair, quitting cold turkey is also similar.
When you start it. Begin on a low dose.
I 'm almost done with my first pack of Lo Loestrin Fe and I am pretty happy with it. I had minor spotting the second week and light spotting during the two white pills so far. The only side effects I 've noticed so far are changes in appetite- first two weeks I was super hungry and then the third week I hardly ate at all. I had some nausea along with the changes in appetite but nothing too major. I have a history with anxiety and the pill has slightly elevated it, but it is manageable. I 'd say anyone who is sensitive to high doses of estrogen should definitely try Lo Loestrin Fe.
I have taken this drug off and on for 5 years now. I use it for Chronic Pelvic Pain Syndrome. It works the best out of anything I have tried thus far. It takes most of my pain away, stops the frequent urination but it does have side effects. When I first started taking it my only side effect was dry mouth which went away after two months. After a year I built up a tolerance to the drug and it has never worked the same sense. The longest I can take it now is 1-2 weeks before it wears off. I usually take it when my symptoms are so bad that I must take medicine. Generally, I take it for a week straight then go off of it. I get withdrawal like symptoms for a day and usually my pain goes away for a week to two months and then I repeat this cycle
Found out I had genotype 3a hepc about 15 years ago. Never had any symptoms other than feeling tired. Started taking Sofosvel the generic form of epclusa 33 days ago.Only side effect my ears ring once in a while, since I been taking the meds I have so much energy and I just feel better.Going for my first blood test in 10 days have my fingers cross.
After suffering in a very serious way from chronic neck and back pain for about 5 years, I was giving up.  I had no major injury, but small &quot;normal range&quot; disc ruptures protruding in my C5 and C7  with other old back injuries.  Fibromyalgia/Neuralgia.  I 've gone through multiple specialists, MRIs, physical therapists, chiropractors, and acupuncturists.  Some relief here and there, mostly with acupuncture and specific stretching.  Pain was horrible.  Finally after persistent research, I found what truly works for me:  Cymbalta (normal dose) with daily SAM-E and Malic Acid supplements.  It took about 2 months to fully work, but now I 'm virtually PAIN FREE.  Cannot thank God enough for this.
I finally had the guts to mention my depression to my doctor, Thank God!  I was depressed for years and was at the point of uncontrollable crying, missing work because of it.  This was not the wife and mother I wanted to be so I finally asked for help.  It has changed my life.  No more depression and many things that used to cause me stress bother me much less or not at all.  Not many side effects except fatigue, appetite loss, and a spacey feeling that only lasted a few days.  Please don 't wait to ask for help.  I wish I had done this long ago.
It 's been 3.5 months it was absolutely awful until a week ago. Insertion wasn 't as bad as I thought it would be, but I have a pretty high tolerance for pain. It was uncomfortable &amp; I felt slightly crampy for about a week, nothing an Advil or two couldn 't fix. During the adjustment period my PMS was just monstrous. Cheers to my bf for staying by my side through it. I couldn 't control my emotions AT ALL. I kept telling myself to give it 3 months, see if it 'll calm down after my body gets used to it &amp; thankfully I 'm feeling almost myself again. I got off my old BC ortho tri cyclen due to PMS. I was hesitant since it did wonders for my skin, but so not worth the mood swings. Skyla gets 7/10. Cons: break outs, heavy periods, lots of spotting
I originally started on the 1/20 dose, moving up to the 1.5/30 because my doctor made an error on my script. I am very happy with this bcp, as it reduced my awful cramps, and heavy menstruation. I have 2 day periods now, little to no cramping. My acne has cleared almost completely other than the once a month breakout on my chin that I feel is unavoidable and I 'd rather be on a pill that takes care of most of my acne, rather than no acne at all. I occasionally will have breast tenderness, but not every month and I don 't really notice it when it does happen. Also, my symptoms of PMS have decreased significantly. My only complaint is that I do get headaches that may be caused by this pill, but I cannot say for sure that they are.
I had been sweating from my armpits excessively for 4-5 years starting when I was about 12. I was always wearing baggy dark clothing and avoiding constant movement so people would see my sweat. I am now 18 and my dermatologist recently prescribed this to me. I can honestly say that it has changed my life. Even in 90 degree weather there is no sweat from my underarms. The only down side is the itching/burning, however, if I use it at night it is usually gone by noon the next day. I have learned to use this only 2-3 times a week and especially not after shaving. This product is worth it.
Have back pain, Dr. gave me this to take with Norco 3xd. I didn 't think it would help being &quot;non-narcotic&quot; but has taken my pain from sometimes an 6 with hydrocodone to maybe a 3 or even 1. HOWEVER I have experienced WITHDRAWAL symptoms. I don 't know how to detox because you 're not supposed to cut them in half. Anyway, if you get dizziness and like mild electric shocks in neck head when you don 't take it, it may be from this drug. I 'll still take it because it helps so much.
I have used a few different antidepressants over the years, but when I started getting panic attacks my Dr put me on Effexor. It works well for me. Missing a dose is the worst thing though. If I wake up in the morning feeling hung over and dizzy and useless, I know that I forgot my pill the day before. It takes several hours after taking it to begin to feel better. I recently switched to taking it at night because then if I miss a dose the horrible side effects will come at night and I can just take a pill and go to bed, but am finding that if I don 't take a sleep aid, I am up after 3 hours (like right now) and end up having to take a nap the next day. I am thinking that I better go back to taking them in the morning.
I was on Nuva Ring for over 8 years.  I have horrendous periods, so my OB told me to insert every four weeks and skip all but 1-2 periods a year.It worked great as far as birth control and controlled periods so I didn 't have any.  I couldn 't feel it once I got it in right, and really didn 't have a whole lot of other problems.The only reason I am switching is because the ring can cause cervical erosion, especially if you have very sensitive skin.  This results in pain and bleeding during intercourse.  It 's a relatively easy fix, they cauterize the touchy spots, but still very awkward.  I am now switching back to the pill to see if I can find something that isn 't so hard on that tissue.
The medication was prescribed to help with very heavy, unpredictable, long periods associated with my being in perimenopause. First couple months virtually no period to speak of but 5-7 days of mid-cycle breakthrough bleeding..not spotting. Enough to feel like a light period. By third month, no breakthrough bleeding or even a period. This has been a huge relief for me. Seems to have helped alleviate some mood swings and irritability also. For users unhappy with this pill in the first few months, I would encourage you to give it a bit of time. I was not thrilled with it at first but am very happy with it now. My Insurance doesn 't cover it (bummer), but the drug company offers a discount card which I received from my nurse practitioner.
I have been on Levora for 2 months now.  I was on Ortho-Cyclen prior and was switched due to changes in my daily medication regimen.  About 1 week into starting the pack I noticed that I am ravenously hungry all the time.  It is similar to when I was pregnant.  I 've also suffered from increased acne on my face.  This could be from stress, but I 've never had a problem until starting Levora.Probably the most distressing side effect I 've experienced is a marked decrease in my libido.  Suffice to say that I enjoyed my intimate moments prior to starting this medication.  Now sexual encounters are uncomfortable (vaginal dryness) and few and far between. Complete change from where I was.  The &quot;big O&quot; is harder to achieve, too.
I like this medicine very much . It 's a smoother form of adderal but not as habit forming . I can eat and sleep . I can concentrate better and enjoy life . It really helps me with my depression .
It causes diarrhea frequently,  makes you tired but it considerably lessens my arthymias as the Doctor wanted my heart to stop being shocked from my implanted ICD/ pacemaker.    I 'm only in the first month of taking it and if the diarrhea continues the Doctor may be taking me off of it.
My experience has been a positive one, the start up of this drug was a little difficult to get through but after about 8 weeks, wow. I noticed that certain scenarios that would cause obsessive thoughts and anxiety were not happening as frequently and if they did I let them go easily. I began little by little to be brave again and it feels great. I am very sleepy but once I get started it 's fine and have increased sweating which is a pain but a lot better than how I was before I started.
Ladies if your derm won 't give go to your Ob-Gyn. They will usually definitely give it to you for pms i.e. swelling, menstrual cramps etc..thats what i take it periodically for and it works 100%.  Some will give it to you for acne. Either way get it how you can from you OB. Idk why but something told me to look the drug up for acne, because for some stupid reason at 39 acne is killing my pretty smooth chocolate skin complexion. Never ever had acne before. So I 'm depressed and desperate. So glad I found this site. But ladies Ob -Gyn/ gynecologist will prescribe for reasons list above I guarantee it!!!!!
Adderall has really helped me stay focused in school. Just be careful with your doses.
I 've been taking this for almost 2 years now and I 'd say it has helped me tremendously. I was on a few others before this and it just didn 't work out.
I am about to be on week 2 of contrave. I have cut out all caffeinated beverages and sticking to a low fat/low cal diet and I am down 6 pounds! The first day was complete torture due to the nausea, headache and vertigo but I am determined to not quit and be successful at this! I want to be able to feel as though I can do anything, go anywhere and not have my weight dictate my path in life. I am 5ft 9 and weighed 262 and again on day 7, I am at 257! Just waiting on my scale now! Good luck everyone and don 't get discouraged!!
Nucynta has been effective for pain management..... But I have developed constipation and prolonged yeast infections.
My only complaint with this pill is that I started getting yeast infections (which I 've never had problems with prior to this medication) and my mood swings are worse than usual
So my boyfriend and me had unprotected sex May 28, I took the pill within 30-45 minutes. My period was suppose to come May 30. I had light cramping and breast were sore. But thankfully my period started June 4! All I can say is not to stress and take it easy!Use protection yall! Pill saved me!
I 've been on Claravis for over two months now and haven 't had a major break out since the first month.  Very, very dry lips and overall dry skin, but my dermatologist recommended Cetaphil for that.  Try to stay out of the sun as it does cause your skin to burn easily.  Can 't wait to finish as it does cause slight lack of energy.
Seems to work on quietening the racing thoughts. Just a bit scary to think of the possible side-effect. Still better than the Metabolic Syndrome that is a by product of the newer medicines.
Works very well at keeping my blood pressure in check, but careful for the dizziness it can cause.  I will pop up out of my chair at work, or off the couch at home, start walking &amp; then nearly drop to the floor because the dizziness overcomes me!  Stand up slowly!
I am 46 years old 5 '6 and I hate to admit it but I am 209lb.  Most I have ever weighed  in my life even when I was pregnant with twins!! I started this about 5 days ago. I was at work and at about 2:00 I was super hyper and was talking a mile a minute.  I was acting very jittery and jumpy. It did curb my appetite.  The second day was better because I knew what to expect.  I did get a little dizzy and nauseous but nothing I couldn 't handle.  My throats is extremely dry every day and I am drinking a ton of water.  I 'm on day 5 and I am 201.2.  I have cut down my eating and I am eating healthy on the week days and cheating on weekends.My Dr gave me a sample of 70 pills to start so I haven 't spent any money and it seems to be woking
This worked great for my ADHD symptoms. My family noticed an immediate improvement. I did get a little bit of weight loss, but that was good for me (38 years old). My biggest problem was that it caused erectile dysfunction and a strange lack of sensation in my prostate area, even at low dosage (18 mg/day). It was sufficient to stop use.  I am on Adderall XR now which doesn 't do nearly as well.  My doctor is going to try me on some antidepressants as they also influence the norepinephrine levels.  If you don 't get the erectile dysfunction then this is a great medication.
Coming up on 1 year of Tambocor   Metoprolol for treatment of atrial fibrillation. It works very well, no attacks at all since starting Tambocor, hence my life is better in that respect. However, there is a trade off, my energy level is lower and I feel exactly the same when I get up at 7:30 in the morning; whether I go to bed at 9:00PM or stay up until after midnight. I am chronically tired. Also, I notice strange things with my peripheral vision occasionally since on the Tambocor. That 's not to scare anyone off, I can still function normally, from yard work, to splitting wood, to playing golf, on the outside I doubt anyone who knows me has a clue that I am on medication. It is a &quot;feeling&quot; to me. I can tell I am a little &quot;off&quot; but it 's worth it.
I was on a steroid previously however due to the fact that I was constantly getting bacterial &amp; viral infections and putting on a lot of weight, the doctor took me off the steroid and prescribed Imuran.  So far it is working out better than the steroid.
Before you take this for sleep, particularly if you are giving it to children, please read information about withdrawal. I was taking it for Prozac induced insomnia. Coming off Prozac was easy. Coming off phenergan is awful. It has been likened to coming off opiates.I am on day two. I am hoping by Monday it will be out of system and I can restart my life drug free.
Been on fentanyl patches for 3+ years now. Wear 2 50mcg  patches.  Recently started on Opana er 20mg twice a day and only wearing 1 patch changed every 48 hours. Pain level has gone up slightly but also side effects from the patch have decreased which to me for now is a acceptable trade off. Breakthrough pain occurs sooner, but have not tried the higher dosage yet. Have somewhat raised expectations to come off patches by end of the year.
Within the first month of taking this I experienced severe gas pains, some weight gain, and an increase in appeitite. My periods are so much lighter than they were before, but last a little longer.
Side effects: Dry mouth, anxiety (if used when tired), euphoria, hyperfocus (when dose too high)Adderall allows me to concentrate and study for a reasonable amount of time while also offering flexibility on when I use it; both XR and short-release are quick in-and-out drugs, unlike SSRIs. My performance improved dramatically with use of Adderall, but there were definitely a few cons.Hyperfocus is a huge problem that alluded me for a few months. Because Adderall affects the brain, it distorts the user 's reality. I felt that I was getting a lot done, and it wasn 't until my colleagues at work told me that I was garbage at multitasking that I realized my dose was too high. Beware of this. Focus =/= productivity
Was put on this after I went to the psych ward for suicidal thoughts and general depression.  Before this I was on Prozac for 3 weeks, stopped taking it due to increased anxiety and extreme binge eating that I never had before. After that my doc switched me to 20 mg Celexa. Took that on and off for over a year... it helped slightly with anxiety but quickly became as effective as taking sugar pills. I started on the generic SR, 2 a day and with that I had slight ringing in the ears, some random panicky feelings. But my mood had improved tremendously, plus my sex drive went way up after just 1 day! My appetite control is great. On 300 mg XL generic now and side effects are subsiding. Had worries about seizures but that 's rare. 0.3% incidence.
A visit to the doctor resulted in a chest X-ray and blood test which confirmed an inflammation of the lungs and bacterial infection. I was given a 3-day dosage of Azithromycin for the inflammation and warned it can cause diarrhea. I was also prescribed an inhaler as a lung test showed 25% restriction.First day no side effects except for heavy drowsiness. Second day could already feel the symptoms reducing. Second day, 20 minutes after taking the meds, I got strong stomach pains (felt in the colon area not stomach) followed by heavy drowsiness. Third day I made sure to eat before the pill, which minimized the stomach pain but I got one bout of diarrhea in the evening.Day 5 ' symptoms have improved although I still have a runny nose and cough.
I am 26, female and have been on Pristiq for a little over 18 months. It worked fantastic for the first year, my anxiety and depression was under control for the first time ever. For the last few months though I have noticed a lot more side effects, I have gained weight and although my sex drive hasn 't dropped I find it very hard to reach orgasm. Also if I miss one day I have really bad withdrawals - migraine headaches, nausea, dizzy spells and out of control emotions. I think Pristiq is great for short term use but I 'm not convinced its good as a long term option.
Third week on Trulicity and I feel great. Nausea is gone. Only lasted maybe four days from the first injection.  Testing my blood sugar and this morning it was at 85 down from the 150-160s I was used to seeing. Anxious to see what my A1C will be in April. Have also lost some weight. Do occasionally get heart burn. Trulicity makes me watch closer to what I 'm actually eating and not just eating like I was before.
I am now in my third month of using Minastrin 24 Fe, the first time I 've been on the pill in four years. Aside from a random day in the first month that I was extremely emotional and two weeks out of month two when I spotted constantly, I haven 't had any other noticeable side effects. My weight has been constant and my mood the same. I don 't have any real complaints other than the adjustment period being pretty awful.
The only thing that diminished an unbearable and painful cough
I have been taking Ultram for three months now for a compressed lumbar disc. I have had no problems with it like I did with narcotic pain relievers (serious withdrawals when I did not need the medicine for pain).It does cause some drowsiness and once made me feel nauseated, but all-in-all I like this medication much more than any codeine-based pain-killer.
I have had the implant for 4 years now and the only problem I 've been having is headaches when my period is about to come on. Also when my period comes on it lastest about 2 weeks but mainly just spotting. Other than that I 'm ok with it as long as I 'm not popping anymore kids out since I have 2 now(boy&amp;girl) :)
I have been on carbamazepine for 17 years and find it keeps my mood stabilized and works best as an anti-manic.  It is not much help with depression.  I had tried Lithium, Depakote, and a few of the atypical antipsychotics prior to carbamazepine and the thing I loved about this drug is I did not gain weight on it, in fact after coming off Depakote and on to this I lost 40 pounds.  So for me it is weight neutral.  I have heard others say otherwise...some gained, some lost, some stayed the same.  My serum sodium does run slightly low, and I am sometimes tired, but that is the mainstay with psychiatric drugs.  The initial breaking in phase was rough, about 3 months to adjust to the medication, but with the weight loss after Depakote...
It worked great for my pneumonia but it caused my heart rate to go up, chest pain and anxiety. I would ask for a different one if you have heart issues or tachycardia.
Toviaz really helped control bladder but I, personally, experienced extreme dry throat and mouth constantly to the point of dehydration and was always freezing cold which is very unusual for me. I drank tons of water and unsweet tea, neither helped. Finally I gave up taking it and my hydration returned to normal. I think I will go back to my oxybutynin until I see my MD for a different med.
Ultram helped me quite a bit but after several months of use I developed an allergy causing hives.
I suffered frequent and prolonged  cramps in my legs for anything  from two/four times weekly at night, waking me from a sound sleep.
after two days of severe pain and visit to doctor, blood work and x-ray came up with problem. never had any type of gout/arthritis related problem before. crystals were found on my wrist. after two days of taking colcrys, Wrist is still stiff and hurting but pain is bearable.
It helped me control every aspect of my ADD. The only drawback is the short life of the medicine in your system before the half life begins.
I 've been on 20 mg for a month. My dr said I should start on a lower dose because of stomach issues I 've had in the past. I 've tried SSRIs and I didn 't like them. Wellbutrin was fine but now am trying this.My body feels energized in the morning, even if I had only had 5 hours of sleep. I haven 't noticed any changes to my mood, I still feel negative. My heart rate has gone up, I notice my resting heart rate is not as low as it used to be (I wear a Fitbit).Haven 't had any weight gain, haven 't had any libido changes, and my stomach hasn 't hurt.So far, 1 month in and on a lower dose than he starting dose, I have had no negatives, but also no real positives either.
My comment is concerning the design of the new bottles.  Have you tried getting a tiny pill from a large square bottle?  They won 't pour out but lodge in the corner.
Diagnosed with stage 4 metastatic prostate cancer involving bones. PSA was 130. Gleason score is a pair of bad 7s (4 3) and a pair of 8s. Also undergoing chemo with docetaxel. I 've had 4 of 6 scheduled treatments. I also have xgeva injection monthly and lupron quarterly. I 've had one lupron injection  and 3 xgeva injections. After 42 days PSA dropped to 2.9. Three weeks later it was .7. That 's a 98% drop each time. Was urinating 12 times a day about 4 to 6 ounces at a time and storing 9 ounces all the time. First treatment was docetaxel, xgeva and lupron on same visit. Relief was almost immediate. Eliminating 12 to 14 ounces now 4 to 5 times a day. Also take prednisone twice a day until chemo is done. Side effects have been fairly nominal.
I 've been on this birth control since I was 16. I am 20 now and starting to wonder about other forms of birth control. Its not a bad pill, but its not great either. It makes my period slightly lighter and I haven 't had any pregnancy scares with it, but I really don 't like the way it makes me feel. Terrible cravings, bloating, headaches, etc.
I have been on every antipsychotic you can think of, and none of them has seemed to help. Seroquel helped quiet the voices but I also gained almost 100 pounds. I have been going through this for almost 5 years, getting better then worse again, and the best so far has been Latuda. Been taking it for about three to four weeks and already the voices have quieted, I 'm doing things like cleaning the house again, drawing, I 'm happier, not overly hungry, and I 'm actually losing weight. Kind of scared to get my hopes up since I always seem to get better, then get worse... but so far so good!
I was diagnosed with Crohn 's disease about a month ago, and I am 15 years old. I take 400mg of Pentasa 3x daily along with other pills to stop inflammation. So far it 's been working great. I still get abdominal pain occasionally which is a lot better than it used to be.
Once accustomed to Benicar 20 mg., I love it.  After trying Lisinopril for just one day, I kissed the bottle of Benicar!  But best of all, my arthritis pain in my knees has gone away - an amazing bonus.
Uroxatral seems to work very well. Erections are sometimes difficult but a small dose of Viagra seems to take care of that problem, when it becomes a problem.
Been on this drug about a year and a half now and almost instantly begin suffering near constant yeast infections.  But on the positive side my blood sugars and a1c are spot on and ive lost 3 stone in that small lenght of time and i have more energy and sleep better although bed wetting has sometimes been a problem.
I have found Librium/Chlordiazepoxide to be very effective during a relatively short time (few months) of acute anxiety accompanied by IBS. My doctor prescribed Librium and it has been VERY effective. Being in the medical field myself, it is important to note that while Librium may not have the sharp relief impacts of say Ativan (just as an example), yet it is still a very effective and potent benzodiazepine that works on the same receptors in the brain that other benzodiazepines do. With my anxiety causing stomach issues, my doctor said Librium should help with both and, thankfully, it has greatly. I am calm, able to think things through, and go throughout the day on 50mg able to be more productive/less anxious and sleep better at night!
It has stopped my migraines for almost a year.  I 've lost weight and muscle stone, my appetite has gone.
I take mucinex D 600/60mg every morning for chronic sinus issues. It has helped considerably with sinus headaches. I would not recommend taking the 1200 mg strength, nor should you take 2 of the 600 unless it is EARLY in the morning... and only for a couple of days.  The 1200mg strength has 120mg of long acting sudafed... that is too much from my experience. DO NOT take this med after say 12 noon.  It will keep you awake for at least 8 hrs!  ALSO if you take this long term... it is not something you want to quit suddenly... wean yourself off to prevent irritability, etc.
I 've been taking 200 mg. Lamictil for the last 2.5 months in combo with 60 mg. Cymbalta. I feel much less manic than before Lamictil but feel Cymbalta is too activating  &amp; makes me manic. Seeing my shrink soon to sort it out.
My insurance won 't cover the brand name so I 'm taking the generic.  I have had awful insomnia lately and I tried other medications that had really weird side effects so I had to stop taking them. With the generic zolpidem I found that it works only if I 'm not over tired. I could sleep 9 hours straight but I am still tired, maybe because of personal problems. When it works it 's great but when it doesn 't then I am up most of the night.
Skyla works great for me. Now. When I first had it inserted it was the worst! I 've broken bones and had kidney stones and it wasn 't as bad as the pain I had after it was inserted. I was sick to my stomach after and in pain, bed ridden for a few days. The pain continued for about a month, lots of spotting. I will never get it again, but after the pain it serves as great and easy birth control without worries.
While at my GP 's office for a routine check-up, I mentioned that I had  'a wicked sinus headache. '  My doctor knows me pretty well and guessed that when I said  'wicked, ' I meant  'I 'm ready to drill a hole in my head to relieve the pressure. '  She suggested a shot of Toradol.  I figured I might as well give a go.Toradol 's efficacy, I must admit, came as a pleasant surprise.  It didn 't relieve the headache entirely, but did quickly reduce the pain enough to make me pretty functional at the office.Side effects, for me, seem to be fairly minimal - I 'm a bit groggy and woozy, but otherwise I have no complaints.  It 's also possible that I 'm groggy, not because of the Toradol, but the allergic response that caused the headache.
Clonazepam would be a great medicine if it wasn 't addictive &amp; known to cause dementia. Those are the reasons why my doctor removed me off of this medicine. When I took it it helped take the edge off my anxiety. I didn 't have many side effects from it &amp; I never became addicted to it. The only side effect I had was it would make me tired sometimes. That 's it. Even with it being addictive &amp; being known to cause dementia, I still give it a 7 out of 10 stars because it was very effective for me. It would have gotten 10 stars if it was safer to take &amp; if it had ridded me of my anxiety completely.
Was on Prozac 20mg for 5 years. It worked for me. Gained weight. Forgot why I was on it until I tried to wean off. Saw a nurse to help me get off and she told me to try Brintellix. I weaned off prozac while starting brintelllix 10mg. It worked.  But now a couple of months into it I miss the prozac. Not helping my anger. I can tell the difference. But I wanted to lose the weight. Thinking of increasing to 20mg or adding Gaba or something
It 's strong and it works. Slows you down a bit and there is some drowsiness but if you are suffering it 's worth the trade off.
I started Claravis 4 months ago and it was a terrible start, I experienced a very rough purge process and my acne continued for a while. Around the 3 1/2 month period my acne magically stopped though. Haven 't broken out in a couple of weeks. Unfortunately my face is covered in red marks left over from the acne but my dermatologist is prescribing a retanoid my next month (my last) to treat those quickly. Very good treatment but takes a while. 3 1/2 months in my case.
I am 47 year old Australian male, and had my first Stelara 45mg injection 3 weeks ago. I can honestly say Stelara is definitely working for me. Although my lesions are still visible, the &quot;angriness&quot; has subsided and scaling almost gone. Most of my PS patches are starting to look like sun spots or birth marks. I think a holiday in the sun will fix that up!It is slow progress, so I will be interested to see what happens following my booster injection next week. I just hope the improvement doesn 't stop at where I am currently.No adverse side effects for me at this stage, but as suggested by my nurse, I am much more proactive when it comes to avoiding infections, such as coughs, colds or flu and we are in our winter season. So far so good.
I am now taking Zanaflex. I was on Soma for 6 years and this is the best I have felt in a long time. I have post operative nerve damage and RSD and take a lot of pain medication. 
It seemed to work well for the first year or so but I have been on it and am at the maximum dosage and now I have been on it for 10 years and it does not seem to help now.
Been on Klonopin for 3 years.  Started with 0.5mg twice a day, but only took it in the morning.  Built up a tolerance and am now on 1mg every morning.  Anxiety is back and doc wants me to take 1.5mg to 2mg every morning.  Try to take an extra dose only when panic is close.  Afraid to keep increasing this medicine because I want it to work when I really need it.
I 've tried a few triptans but this is the first one I 've tolerated.  In general, it is effective within an hour.  However, in the rare case my migraine is preceded by an aura, it seems less effective.  That said, since I can 't tolerate other triptans due to side effects, I like this one best.  (My insurance company doesn 't like it and I needed to obtain prior authorization, always a headache!) Use the coupon for the copay if you can.
I have been given aldara cream to use mon,wed, Fri nights on my second week now and oh boy is it painful the day after treatment when I go to the loo and wipe.  It looks like it 's working tho so will persevere with it for the full month and see how it goes.
Tolerance develops rather quickly and it has a slow onset.
Didn 't like the caffeine addition of this medication, it kept me awake at night, however, it did significantly help my headaches. Very thankful for the relief!
I used Canasa for 1 year and it seemed to lessen my flare ups. After one year my prescription discount has run out and can 't be renewed for 6 months. Since Canasa is VERY expensive I 'm not able to afford it. I 've been off it for three weeks now and  experiencing small flare ups, severe fatigue and cramping.
I had Implanon inserted on the 28/08 this year. At first I had all the normal side effects - spotting for a few days and such. But then I got my period for two weeks. Annoying, but I 'd live. Then came the thrush. Every time I get rid the infection, I spot and the pH change brings it back! Other then that, I haven 't had any problems with it (even lost weight).
I use this gel for both a general purpose anti-inflammatory and for tendinitis in my wrists, It works well with inflammation and it works miracles on tendinitis. Within seconds of applying I 'm able to move my wrist with almost no pain. Causes skin irritation if used too often however.
I 've been on celexa for about 18 months to help ease overall anxiety I take 30 mg daily and about 10 months ago have been put on seroquel also I take 25mg morning and night. And find that if I stay active and eat healthy I feel fine no anxiety I can handle everything much better. However some days 50 mg daily isn 't enough and I take an extra 25mg as needed at night. Only side effects I 've noticed is insatiable hunger and craving for sweets. Also gained about 9 kilos in the 10 months apart from that I find seroquel to be very helpful at treating the racing thoughts and shortness of breathe
I 've taken this pill for a little over 2 years. I really liked the pill when I was single (mainly took it for cramping and lighter periods). It didn 't break me out, cause me to gain weight, or have any mood swings. However once I got into a relationship, I noticed a very significant negative side effect (for me). I realized having been on this pill I have no sex drive whatsoever and I 'm completely dry which causes pain when I 'm having sex. That to me caused me to want to seek an alternative birth control, which is a shame since everything else was great.
Does help some. Not like stimulants but will keep you awake and have the energy.
I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis after 2 years of awful pain. I am now using Humira with methotrexate. I also take sulfasalizine antibiotic daily due to lowered immunity. I take Prilosec for heartburn. I am able to work a full time job and do most things that I enjoy.
I take this medication for migraines. I was having having migraines 3 to 5 times a week. Now I have a headache maybe 5-10 times a month which is a relief for me. I have notice weight loss also. Which I am proud of and was not expecting.
I first want to say that I read a bunch of reviews before starting Gianvi and became extremely nervous because of all the negatively. However, my experience has been absolutely wonderful, with only one complaint. I am on my third pack and am having the best periods of my life. Little cramps, no bloating, no mood swings, light flow, AMAZING! My mood overall has also been very positive. I 'm much less stressed and don 't feel as anxious. As for my skin, like my doctor said it did break out very bad at first, but it is clearing up. Also, my breasts have gotten noticeably bigger, which I love. My one and only complaint is I tend to be dry during sex, which has never been a problem before. But hey, there 's things to help with that.
I had the Paragard for 6 years and it was great. I was having panic attacks and somebody told me it was a reaction to the copper, so I had the Paraguard removed. Most Stupid decision I ever made was getting it removed. I went back to my midwife to get another Paraguard and they could not get it inserted correctly. I wish I would 've kept it in. The first tine it was inserted was easy and pain free. The second time around pretty painful. It depends on the person and how it feels.
One month report - I had constant small bleeding for full month - now on month 2 and thinking I will not have any period. I plan to give the pill a full 3 months. But wanted to comment about continuous bleeding for first month, enough that you would need a pad or small tampon only. One side effect is I am having some constipation but increasing my water to help this. I will update my status after month 2.
I feel so much better reading all the feed back. I am in the pits of despair from my 2 month break from Effexor. For 7 so years I have been on 75-150mg. My life was saved thanks to this medicine. Tried everything. But after seeing some friends get pregnant and lose it due to stopping medicines, I thought I 'd ween myself off to see if I was &quot;cured&quot;. No luck, I feel like things were really good for a month or so, but now can hardly work and feel anti social. I need to get back on asap, although I never was really happy with the sexual numbness and sweating. It was good to give it a shot but I will need to be on Effexor for life.
I gave this medicine an 7 out of 10 because it really does work wonders for a BV.  By day 2 on this medication, any signs of a BV were completely gone!  However, what is causing me to not give it a 10 out of 10 is because the side effects are terrible.  All week long I have expirenced weird, painful headaches (almost like pressure on all sides of my head), nausea and occasional tingling in my hands.  OH and I 've been EXTREMELY tired.  I wish my DR would of told me these were all common side effects.  Aside from all the negatives listed above, the meds work great for BVs.  Glad to be done!!
It 's helped my paranoia, delusions, irrational thoughts, and impulses to self-injure and commit suicide more than anything else. Also helps control the hypomania because I 'm not on a mood stabilizer. It just also makes me extremely tired and sedated and I 'm constantly hungry and have gained a lot of weight on it. I 've fluctuated in my dosage from 3 milligrams to as low as 0.5. Currently taking 2 to 2.5 right now.
I was put on Zoloft a few years ago when I became very depressed (I also have anxiety and have had it pretty much my whole life which made it worse) and I 've been on it ever since. I feel much better now about myself and my perspectives on things however I don 't know if it was from the drug, time or therapy especially because I was finally feeling more in control of myself and my thoughts last year. So if it was Zoloft then it took a while for it to kick in for me I guess ? My doctor did say that in some patients it does nothing and in others it does so who knows ! However whether It 's working for me or not I feel good right now and it 's not having any long term side affects on me so I can stay on as long as I want 
There are a LOT of people in this forum that are being extremely unrealistic about how this drug is meant to work.  This drug is meant to help you learn new eating habits and get you motivated to lose weight and get healthy.  Since 6/1/09, I have lost 23 pounds, and that is due not only to the appetite-suppressing effect of Phentermine, but I hit the gym HARD 4/5 times per week (and I have NEVER been an exerciser), and watch everything that I eat.  If you are using Phentermine to simply fast yourself thin, you will have a very hard time keeping it off once you stop the medication.  Take this opportunity to learn about nutrition and exercise, and make a permanent change for your health and for YOU!  
Unfortunately I had to be treated for chlamydia twice with azithromycin due to bad choice. The first time I took the 2 500mg tablets and I didn 't have any bad symptoms, the second time I was prescribed the Greenstone brand packet and it is HORRIBLE. I took it without food at first and went out to eat maybe 20 minutes later my stomach was very VERY upset! It happened maybe 5 minutes after I started eating my stomach felt like it had cramps way worse than a menstrul. I pooped somewhat but my stomach was still not in a good condition. 
Very good but caused cystic acne!! Very horrible acne!!! I went 3 years but got it again..it works well other than acne. My period is pretty much normal. Sometimes I 've forgot I had the birth control!!
Started taking this for extreme tiredness a week ago after my exhaustion level rose to unacceptable levels. In previous Multiple Sclerosis episodes I had been on Provigil, but stopped taking it due to severe headaches, and found I didn 't need them anymore anyway. So far I haven 't had any headaches and my mental alertness is significantly higher. My physical energy is still low, but has improved some. I can make it through a quick shopping trip without having to sit down and rest. I 'm hoping that continued use of the medicine will build up my endurance level over time.
have used this med for lung infections a few times and each time it helped improve my breathing and helped eliminate excessive wheezing.
I used this drug for an infection in my wisdom teeth. It caused a false positive on a drug test. I don 't do drugs and I am not around them.
Reviewers who have had deleterious symptoms after using this drug after thyroidectomy due to cancer were either overdosing or underdosing it. Adequate dosing has virtually no side effects for otherwise healthy patients. 
Started viberzi 75mg 2x daily for IBS-D since I don 't have a gallbladder. Was great for first 4 days and then diarrhea kicked in 1x daily. Early this morning had severe abdominal pain with sweating and weakness. Pain was so bad I thought I was having a heart attack and almost called 911. Made myself vomit and felt better after that. MD said if it happens again I will have to come off the Viberzi.
I have been on this medicine for about 2-3 weeks now and although I missed a dose a couple of times it has helped me greatly. Before going onto this medicine I was awake for 3 days straight with racing thoughts/extreme anxiety and agitation. I still have anxiety but I feel more calm and collected. In terms of treating psychosis I have given this medicine a 7/10 (so far) because although I am getting some paranoid thoughts still, it has enabled me to think more clearly and rationalize them better. They are no where near as intense as they were before starting this medicine. I was talking to objects and saying strange things to myself in the mirror... this no longer happens and I feel more  'normal '. This medicine is great in a number of ways.
Just over a month in....very low dose (10mg)  for Sebaceous Hyperplasia and Rosacea but appears to be working! Tried umpteen other lotions and potions and nothing worked then this medication. My specialist is insisting on blood tests to keep an eye on my liver and cholesterol so fingers crossed the first tests come back positive. Dry lips and some dry skin on my body but making sure to use lip balm and moisturizing lotion after showers. Minor headaches and minimal joint pain but no nose bleeds or other symptoms. My skin is starting to look more  'normal ' again and my hair glorious after years of greasy misery. Fingers crossed things continue to improve 
This drug changed my life with unexpected benefits.  I startedtaking for herniated disc and a lot of nerve damage. I started feeling pain relief immediately. It made me feel very high the first week and I had to be careful how and when I would take it / 150MGs 3xs a day. The high feeling eventually, gradually dissipated After a week, I noticed my wife smiling a lot with great caution I asked her why and she said she likes how calm and relaxed I am. I 'm naturally a very high strung, intense person. I thought about what she said and noticed I actually was very relaxed and things that typically set me off they just didn 't anymore. I then read about how the drug helps with anxiety.My insurance doesn 't really cover it...I pay 50 for a months
I waited 1 month to write this review. Hopefully things will stay the same. First of all, I read quite a few reviews before I took this pill. Let me tell you, I was terrified. I paid more attention to the bad reviews because with my luck I would suffer from every bad side effect of this pill. My main concern was weight gain and mood swings. I broke out but took control of it by going on proactive. It 's working but I have to make sure to wash morning and night. No falling asleep will make up. My breasts were tender for the first couple of weeks, actually, it was quite painful. No weight gain. My appetite has actually decreased. I had bad PMS episodes and that 's when I gained weight. This pill seems to help with that. Overall, I am happy.
The disease modifying medications had no effect on my Multiple Sclerosis.  Tysabri stabalized the progression but saw no improvement.
1. Read this forum for suggestions on nausea remedies and prep day diet and to get an idea of the general expeience. Mine closely matched the more positive reviews.2. Start hydrating. At least 80 oz water/day for several days before prep; I had over 140 oz on prep day itself.3. Stock your bathroom before starting prep. I had a beverage cooler with water, lemonade, and ginger ale in the bathroom, along with plenty of TP, flushable wipes, ointment, clean clothes, towels, my phone, and some entertainment. You won 't be able to leave the bathroom for awhile, 75 min for me.4. Prepare somewhere to rest close to bathroom. I didn 't have any &quot;accidents&quot; but was less anxious about them since I had towels and old blankets on the bed
It worked well for both my fibromyalgia and my depression for a long time and I had no side effects from it. However it has stopped working for the depression now. I still take it for my fibromyalgia.
It 's difficult to explain the side effect I experience using fluoxetine. I can only describe it as lightening flashes in my mind that briefly cause a feeling of confusion as well as momentary losses in my concentration. Physically speaking, I just get an unpleasant sensation thats comparable to the light headed feeling you get when you stand up too fast after getting out of bed, but luckily there 's no pain involved.
I 've been on Apri for over a year. It was recommended by my doctor to slow down my heavy periods. It 's done a great job doing so, But now that my periods are under control, I now use Apri for birth control. In the first month, I gained 12lbs just around my love handles, and my breasts grew a whole cup size bigger. I 'm not as interested in sex anymore either and I 'm definitely more sensitive and moody. This pill definitely helped my periods, and has kept me from getting pregnant, but does have some side effects.
I 've been on many medicines, from Depakote, Geodon, Lamictal, Wellbutrin, Buspar, Adderall, etc. and Klonopin has been the best hands down. Mind you I am 23 yrs old and a girl, my new doctor was appalled on all the medicines others put me on. The Klonopin works very well for me.
I have been using this for almost a year now for peripheral neuropathy pain. This along with Lyrica and Pamalor have finally made it possible to live with somewhat normal levels of pain. Don 't want to be without it.
36 y/o male and just had my first colonoscopy yesterday. Golytely sent me to the ER in June with serious dehydration so this time SuPrep was my doctor 's choice. I recommend light meals (low fiber) 3 days before procedure; hydrate WELL on day of prep (I had close to 256 fl.oz. of Gatorade, water, coconut water, apple juice, etc.) before first dose (515pm). Action began 20-25 min later; the cleansing was fast! No butt irritation/pain at all (impressive) and no bloating/cramping. Action stopped about 3 hours later, then felt really sick and vomited violently but felt MUCH better. Called my Dr, who told me to lie down, drink some fluids and rest. Had to skip the second dose, slept well and had a successful procedure. Hydrate well and good luck!
I 've had my Implanon for almost 3 years. Right after I got it put it I had a period almost everyday for 4 months! Now I have regular periods. I was lucky to have no period. I haven 't had weight gain, headaches, my acne has gotten pretty bad but mainly around the time to start. Although it wasn 't an ideal experience I still loved it because I didn 't have to remember anything or be extra careful. 
I 'm a healthy 25 year old female who 's been on minocycline for about 3-4 months now.  It 's worked wonders and I didn 't have any side effects to it, until now.  About two weeks ago, I had this awful abdominal pain that landed me in the ER for fear it was my appendix.  Everything came back perfect.  I 've since cut back on my antibiotic and only take it every other day because through process of elimination, I think it 's the culprit to my abdominal pain.  My PCP told my I may have developed acute IBS or irritable bowel syndrome from the minocycline (since it is an anti-biotic and will get rid of normal flora).  I 'm very upset that I have to stop it; I rarely use any cover up now because my skin is so clear.
This is the only birth control I have ever used. I have been on it for about 10 months, and it 's great. For the first month or two I noticed a slight weight gain (6 lbs), but I was able to lose it once my body got used to the pill. My breasts grew almost a full cup size (went from a large C to a comfortable D). They were also incredibly tender and sore, but this passed after about a month. I was EXTREMELY moody and always craved chocolate. Overall, it was like PMS for about 1 month, then everything went back to normal. I no longer bleed each month, it 's more like occasional spotting for a few days. I would definitely recommend this birth control, but it is expensive without insurance.
Before getting on BC, i was absolutely terrified because of the side effects and all the god awful reviews. I 've been on Lutera now for 2 months, which isn 't a very long time, but i wanted to still give my review. My body might start to react differently in the later future but if it stays at where it 's at now, i 'll be so so happy. My period is much lighter, cramps are the same, i haven 't bloated like a balloon, etc. I always experienced mood swings during my periods and I think i 'm just about the same with birth control, no more no less (yoga helps a LOT with my insane moods), sometimes i 'll get a headache from the pill sometimes but lasts about half an hour. My boobs are pretty sore here and there after taking the pill. Nothing else!
My daily medicine is actually Effexor for severe combat PTSD but I have a high dose of klonopin as a PRN take as needed and in bad cases once my triggers are set off. It does a good job at helping me refocus and calm down. My doses have increased over time due to me apparently getting used to it but it is still effective
I started to take Testim for a month. Because, of low energy not to mention motivation and ambition.  The first blood test results said I have low testoterone...  I took it for three weeks.  Insurance wrote a letter saying they need two test to prove that is the case. I went off for a week, the worst week of my life.  Testim really helped me after fifteen years of being diagnosed manic-depressed. 
It works, but it gave me gas and diarrhea.
I was injured in a coal mining accident that broke my back. The pain was horrific. The doctors I was seeing first put me on Lortab 5 and that did not do a thing. After several years I was placed in the care of a physical therapist doctor, I can 't remember the name. He perscribed Oxycontin and that made me so sick. He placed me on MS Contin and that made me more sick than before, but then he put me on Kadian, the same thing as MS Contin, morphine sulfate, but it was better. It took care of the pain and stopped making me sick. It is a good medication.
Adderall was a great drug for my ADD. It didn 't make me lose my appetite at all, it didn 't make me moody, it didn 't give me any crashes, it helped me focus really well.  But it did give me bad acne which is why I ended up stopping it and now I am looking for another drug to replace it.  This annoyed me because it was the perfect medication for me but I will take a drug that doesn 't work as good for a clear face any day.
I have Fibromyalgia and it does help.  Because fibromyalgia is a different sort of beast it helps some but does not knock it out.  However, it reduces pain very quickly.  Using more at one time or more frequently does not bring the pain down any more.  It did not work that much on my wrists and hands where carpel tunnel is &quot;suspected&quot; but they are not certain what it is.  Some other pain on hand and arm were helped but not overly so.
I am on 30mg twice daily for depression and fibromyalgia. I have been extremely fatigued! I am also having episodes of doing things and not remembering and also passed out on the floor, but have no recollection of anything. All I want to do is sleep and if not for having a toddler at home and three children that I have to get off to school and one to work, I would probably just stay in bed sleeping all day and night. I 'm hoping that this side effect wears off soon because otherwise they are helping a lot with my mood and depression. I was on Wellbutrin and it wasn 't working, I had extreme episodes of crying and anger issues.
OK guys, time-out!  I never thought I 'd come to the defense of a consumer product, much less one that costs such an obscene amount of money, but:1.  There are a lot of guys on here complaining they had low testosterone (Low T) and giving their numbers before treatment.  A large portion of them say Axiron took their numbers up into the 500 range.  THIS IS WHAT THE DRUG IS SUPPOSED TO DO!  If you 're roughly between 348-1000, you 're back to normal.  Axiron worked.  The fact that you still feel tired, or fatigued, or depressed is most likely due to other issues.  I think there are too many guys on here expecting to take this drug and it turn them into the Hulk, make them happy all the time, and provide for them sex whenever they want it.
I have had the Skyla IUD for 5 months. I have never given birth. I am really bad at remembering to take the pill and my husband and I are even worse with condoms. Do not drive yourself to get this IUD implanted unless you know how your body will react - I almost got in a car accident because I was doubled over in pain behind the wheel. Long story short, I bled for 4 straight months (very light, more like bloody discharge than actual period) and the cramping has been intermittent, but incapacitating (drop to the floor) when it hits. My advice: carry around Midol and a heating pad for the first few months because you don 't know when it 's going to strike. It 's too much for me so I 'm going to have it removed after my anniversary in a few months
Tried Restatsis, but it did not work. This seems like a much stronger medication, but it definitely works much better. In combination with lid washing, hot compresses, and switch to thinner daily wear contact lenses, my dry eye problem is manageable.
Overall, this has been what I have used for two years now. the side effects have been on an off, more moodiness, and emotional then anything. I have notice my moodiness more then ever here recently. The pill is great as far as regulating my periods. I just wish I was not so emotional and sometimes even depressed. It does not just affect me it affects others as well. As far as Acne, it is not nearly as bad as far as huge zits I got when I was not on birth control, but I still get them, just not as big, and as bad.
It made my delusions disappear but made me gain weight and I still experience some paranoia, though I 'm on 5mg once a day which is a low dosage (won 't increase it since I don 't want to gain more weight)
I suffer from quite bad depression, anxiety, and panic attacks - most of which are emotional, some of which are physical. I first tried 20mg Prozac, but this was far too harsh and made me feel manic. I then tried 10mg citalopram, and the result was a gentle and natural rise in mood, and no side effects. I was very happy with it. However my body soon adjusted to it, and the effect was less. I increased to 20mg, then 30mg. It helps with anxiety and low mood, but I use it in conjunction with CBT.
My main symptoms were diarrhea  and bloody mucous stools. Once on pentasa 4g a day the symptoms had stopped. Until a month ago where they began along with a lot of wind. Was using suppositories as well initially 1 then 2 per day. I 've stopped taking all medication till I see my specialist so far symptoms are on worse- better if anything no longer running to toilet all day. I 've had collitis for less then a year I 'm 35
My son has been on Vivitrol for 11 months for opiate dependence.  It has allowed him to get his life back on track.   I worry about how long he can continue to receive the shot.
I like this med! I had severe anxiety and moderate depression. . I 'm only on 5 mg to start but in 2-3 weeks I noticed a big change in balance, mood, less anxiety and depression. I 'm still a little depressed and would like to go up to 10 mg. Perhaps 25-30 mg is too much but in smaller doses, gradually increased, is greatly changing my quality of life. PS Take in the morning. I wish you all well.
I was in a really bad spot with the constant anxiety and panic attacks.  It was affecting every aspect of my life negatively.  At first I slept a lot, which wasn 't necessarily bad since I hadn 't been sleeping anyway.  Sex was a little off, but at least I feel a lot better and don 't feel like I could jump out of my skin 24 hours a day.  I hate that I have to take something, but it 's much better than the alternative!
I have a combination skin type with mild acne, but it was usually around my lips so I wanted to get rid of it. At first I applied too much and it burned a little, but the next day I applied less and it actually made my skin less dry then it was pre epiduo. However, I didn 't notice a very big difference. It improved my skin and gets rid of my acne, just not completely which I don 't mind because it clears my acne in a few days. The best thing I got from it was that I no longer received acne in the same spots as usually. I would recommend this product but would advise to be careful applying too much as it will probably burn, other than that it 's a solid product and much better than pills
Some upset stomach using Bactrim, other then that not a problem. One month using this has finally cleared up sinus, inner ear and nasal infections lingering for months. Highly recommend this medicine also using with Rifampin.
Its been nearly 2 years on various doses of Pristiq, and 100mg each day works best for my mind. Thankfully.I have some side effects that annoy me a lot, like no appetite, nausea, gut problems &amp; worst of all- killed my libido this whole time. It simply ceased to exist. I continue to take my meds. I 'm a widow raising a 12 year old for last 7 years after my Husband died suddenly very suddenly of swine flu. So much has been lost from that day. Inevitably it took its toll on me. Not a complete person anymore. Its like I feel asexual...But I am alive and kicking
I 'm 16 now and started using  Bactrim when I was 15, I tried many other acne treatments like Proactiv and other topical gels but none of those worked as well as the Bactrim antibiotic! If you just started using this medication give it time it took me about two months to see results but after 6 I had no acne only breaking out occasionally! Wish I had a before and after picture because it was crazy how well my skin cleared. I used to take it twice a day and once my skin was totally clear I only started taking it a few times a week and I started breaking out again and acne came back I 'm back taking it twice a day so hopefully it can do the trick again! But I 'll post again in a few months if/when I see results in my skin again!
After about two weeks on Pristiq, I can definitely say it is helping.  I had come off of Effexor (which made me gain weight) and was in a bad state with terrible anxiety.  Pristiq has made me feel more balanced.  It also reduces my appetite which is a plus.  Some dry mouth and nausea, which has subsided.  I also wake up more in the night but am able to go back to sleep.
I 've been using Camilla for 2-3 years now. I have not had any pregnancies. I am unable to use estrogen pills because of side effects and Camila has been a lot better in terms of that. However, after about a year of using it my periods are incredibly irregular. I 'll sometimes get them every two weeks, sometimes I won 't have one for 2 months, and sometimes I 'll spot all month long. Compared to the estrogen pill problems I had it 's okay, but if you 're planning on using Camila to regulate periods- good luck.
Tons better than medicines like Paxil and Depakote (sleep your life away)...even-keel pretty much...sometimes I have coffee with friends (10a.m.) and I can feel a slight rush but if that 's the down side of this for me, then I 'll take it until they tell me that I can 't anymore.
First of let me say that I was only able to take the sample pen of SAXENDA because it was too expensive and my insurance, BCBSIL and express scripts, only covered  $150 of the total $1300 plus that it cost.  But I will say that in those 3.5 weeks I lost 16lbs.  It did give me headaches and really bad heartburn.  My appetite was gone and I had no urge to snack on junk food.  between meals, small meals, I would eat a handful of peanuts or a tangerine or small apple and would be completetly good.  I did not workout.  Couldn 't really due to fatigue which was also an issue.  If I didn 't eat enough through the day though I would end up eating bad at night.  you must eat but eat healthy.  Tums, pepto and fiber were my best friends.
I have struggled with my weight for as long as I can remember ( I am 35 ) . I have taken every weight loss pill you can think of !! My starting weight today Feb 15 2017 is 194 and I 'm 4 '11 ! Today is my first day on Belviq , I take 1 pill twice a day . Side effects : chills , metal taste on my tongue and a slight headache . When I ate lunch today I could only eat half of my food , and I 'm not starving when I get off work like usual . I must also mention that I am pms 'ing , and usually I 'm eating every thing pasta and fried related , but I 'm not craving it . From reading the reviews I was worried about not having energy to workout , but I had the energy ! What I have also done is I have starting B12 injections. I will report my weight soon !
I 've been on Zovia for 5 years, and haven 't noticed ANY side effects. No weight gain, in my breasts or elsewhere. Before birth control, I had a very light 4-5 day period, on Zovia, it 's nearly non-existant, a pantyliner is all I need. I haven 't needed a tampon in 5 years. I take Zovia almost religiously on-time everyday, and 5 years and counting, no pregnancies! Other birth controls that I tried really messed with my emotions and I spent a lot of time crying for no reason, so I 'm very, very happy with Zovia for not messing up my hormones to the extent that I experience mood swings.
I first started out on Lamictal and unfortunately got a rash from it. I then was moved onto Ativans and those worked but only for a short period of time. This is by far the best medication, but, it takes a little bit longer to kick in compared to the Ativan. My panic attacks come out of nowhere and it 's unfortunate that it doesn 't kick in as fast. That 's why I gave it an 8.
I have had nexplanon for about a year and a half now, the first six months I spotted off and on and was a little moody. Have had a bit of weight gain but I couldn 't say for sure if it has been from the birth control haha I didn 't have any issues with implantation, healing, or the effectiveness so far. I intend to get another one out in after the three years are up.  However I never plan on having children. But I haven 't had any issues or scares at all. I 've loved it. My periods have gone away completely I have no more spotting. It 's great
Recently was prescribed Klonopin because my doctor didn 't like how Xanax had such a quick onset but also quick fall.  I was okay with the change initially because even at 0.5mg, Xanax would make me so sleepy I couldn 't function.  That made it pretty impossible to take during any day panic.  I 've been have anxiety the last couple days, so I took a Klonopin last night hoping that I would wake with a sense of calm like I usually did with the Xanax.  Nope...the anxiety is actually worse.  Xanax isn 't perfect; like I said, I generally try not to take it unless I am at home, so I 've suffered a lot when I shouldn 't have had to, but it has a much more calming affect than Klonopin is giving me.  I never took it long-term - only as needed.
Have been taking humira for my severe ulcerative colitis since 2013. This drug has worked wonders for me I sometimes forget I have colitis. Only side affects I 've seen are sensitivity to the sun and recurring infections...would take that over spending the day in the bathroom.
My 7 year old son has been on Intuniv for 5 weeks.  He was on Vyvanse but he was getting so crabby and angry all the time we decided to stop having him use it.  He also had to be pressured to eat anything.  He is now in the first week of 3 mg of Intuniv.  He is eating so much I have to stop him!  However, he is very tired and sleeps in very late.  His moodiness is gone but he is still a bit more hyperactive than we would prefer but if he stays this way we will stay only on the Intuniv.  We love having our son 's personality back, and his appetite.
My doctor put me on Bactrim and Aczone. Together this works wonders! I suffered from somewhat severe acne until this. I started taking it..the first 2-3 weeks I flared up but once the fourth week hit, my face was completed clear. I would strongly recommend this to anyone who has acne problems.
I started out taking the regular Adderall version, but it didn 't last long and made me have horrible crash periods and steroid like rages. So far, the Adderall XR seems to be working better, but it does reduce my appetite substantially. I 've had to start taking weight gain supplements to ensure that I maintain my proper weight. If I miss a dose, I feel pretty lethargic and extremely sleepy. However, the medication has allowed me to read and focus better than I ever have, and I seem more motivated. I 'm also able to talk better with others, and my social skills have definitely improved.
This is my second colonoscopy. I think this prep went much smoother than my previous one a few years ago. The produce they gave me last time was a powder you mixed into a clear liquid. I liked that this prep was already a liquid but the taste was awful. It tasted so salty, just the thought of it makes me nauseas. It works very fast. I took it around 2 pm and at around 2:30 I was already running to the bathroom. At first, I spent a lot of time in the bathroom, but by the end of the evening I was pretty much done. I had to take my second dose around midnight. With this dose I was up for about two hours running in and out of the bathroom. I think the dose was too large for me...I 'm a 5 ft tall, 110 lb woman and this prep hit me like a bus.
I began Orth Tri-Cyclen at 18.  The first two or three months I was extremely emotional and would spontaneously sob for no reason on the Saturdays prior to getting my period.  After a few months, I adjusted and had a good experience with this pill.  My periods were generally 5-6 days long.  I 've since began Alesse/Aviane for insurance reasons. I 've experienced some hair thinning, which may or may not be caused by the pill.  My periods are light and last 3-4 days.  But I am considering switching back to Ortho to see if this helps with my hair.
I 've been on this birth control for about six months now and it 's by far the best one I 've ever taken. It definitely does the job, no babies and lighter periods, the first month was hard, depressed and low sex drive but those symptoms have gone now. I started the pack on the first day after my period, it has completely cleared up any acne, my boobs have gone up a size and I feel I 've lost some weight due to a lack of appetite. I think if u can get through the first month without any serious problems this medication should work out fine for u. My only issue I would say is some months my period is a few days off.
I have benefited a lot with this medication. Only problem I have is taking it too late in the day and having insomnia side effects. Like right now its 3:30 am on a school night and I cant sleep! Do not take Adderall after a certain hour.
I 've always had good luck with ery-tabs. For myself, being allergic to penicillin and derivatives there of, this drug is a great replacement for amoxicillin.
Cozaar 25 mg was effective in reducing blood pressure but very expensive and possibly caused dizziness.  It was replaced with Amiodipine Besylate 5mg (generic for Norvasc), and it works just as well at a much, much lower price.  Dizziness has eased.
Good for emergency situations. Versatile, quick acting, wish it came in 10mg tabs.
I have been on all different meds for CRPS that I got from a work related injury 16 years ago.  Tried just about all the extended release options available but they caused intolerable side effects. Even tried neurontin but only got side effects. This drug changed my life. I could function because the pain was tolerable for the first time in years. I do not know what I will do if it is ever unavailable to me. I still need something for break through pain but I can live an almost functional life now. I am at 125 mcg. every 48 hours. I found that 72 hours was too long between changes as the pain was intolerable on the 3rd day.
I 'm 38 years old and have been taking Nora-BE for 10 months. I have never been pregnant, and do not plan to have children.  I chose this pill because I was looking for a progestin only option with low hormones.  My Dr also suggested it as a safer option because I am a smoker.  Overall, my experience has been pretty positive on this pill. Way less mood swings than other pills I have been on.  I get a period about every 28 days for about 5-6 days that is heavy for about 3 days and lighter the last 3 days. No spotting between periods. My sex drive increased after the first month and has remained strong. Some breast tenderness and back pain about a week before my period. Worst part: weight gain of 15 lbs and some facial hair and acne.
I got a UTI and was prescribed Cipro because I am allergic to Sulfa drugs. It took care of the UTI quickly, but I can 't wait to get off it. I have two days left. I feel achy, tired, have indigestion and had nightmares. I read the side effects and they are all on there. Also, I cannot take any of my other medications because of potential reactions. I don 't have any other choices, but I don 't feel well on this drug.
I had a liver transplant  Feb  '06 and have taken 1000mg twice a day now for a couple years. Before that dosage changed a bit to get correct dosage. I also take tacrolimus (prograf 1mg twice a day)I have had no side effects--expensive but luckily I have a plan.
i took one pil 150mg last night. within 3hours all symptoms had gone. but when i woke up 8am,i still have the little discharge but around 3hours my period is coming out. this med totally worked on me other than insert med.
So far I love Nuvigil. I can actually go all day without needing to lay down in the afternoon. I suffer from Fibromyalgia and Chronic Fatigue. I may need to bump it up as 150 mgs. does not seem to make me as awake as it did the first week. I like the way it makes me feel awake but not nervous and jittery like Ritalin did. I can now work a shift and actually come home and do chores around the house instead of lay down. I have had no side effects so far and have been on it a month.
Started taking phentermine 9-26-14, I weighed 196lbs. Had my first weigh in today 10-9-14, I now weigh 187lbs. I lost 9 lbs in 2 weeks. Side effects I 'm having are dry mouth, headaches and stomach pains, but that could be my loss of appetite throughout the day and not eating. And insomnia. I was taking the pill at 10am. I am now switching to half a pill and at 8am. Will see if it works better for me.
Complera has no side effects and I don 't feel anything during my 3 months taking it. The only serious problem with Complera is - it has very serious effect on my stomach (my whole digestion system). I have to eat real meal no less than 400 calories and then take a pill of Complera. I want eat, or I don 't want &ndash; doesn&rsquo;t matter, it&rsquo;s mandatory - I have to eat a lot in order to keep this med in my system for 24 hours, or if I eat less Complera will not stay in my body for next 24 hours and HIV virus will soon will develop resistance to Complera, which is very, very, very serious problem! So I eat, I take one daily pill of Complera and then&hellip; My stomach starts growling, rumbling, I feel like a gas balloon, which  has a leak.
Was warned about benzo 's by my first psychiatrist but in all fairness I haven 't seen a (major) dosage increase. I first started with .25mg when I needed it. Mostly at night to .5mg again mostly at night. To then routinely taking .5mg in the morning and at night. Never straying to take it any more doses per day because of said addiction warnings. I have had some lapses in taking the prescribed amount for a couple days of which I paid for with loss of sleep but with any negatives I 've found for this drug the positives have outweighed the negatives significantly. The biggest negative for me is the controlled substance and the hoops one must go through in order to maintain a routine for the medication.
Have found this med effective. Have been taking 20mg maintenance dosage for 2 months. Nausea continues daily (morning is when take my dose) for a couple of hours - but the &quot;volume&quot; of the world around me is way down - as is the irrational rage/anger/frustration that follows when not on medication. Sleeping through the nights. As effective as Cymbalta, Zoloft and others I 've taken - I hope this one continues to work - the others stopped after a while.
I have mild acne with redness and blackheads.  I started using Epiduo Forte and it took only 2 weeks for my skin to look 100% better.  I used a VERY small amount (even less than a pea size to start). My skin did get dry but I moisturized a lot and then increased the amount to an actual pea size.  My skin, which is actually very sensitive, adjusted pretty well to this and I 'm very happy with the results.  Wait 20 minutes after you wash your face, to apply the Epiduo and then after applying it, wait another 20 minutes to moisturize.  This helps eliminate the burning sensation that might occur...it did for me.
I am 16 years old and started the pill 4-5 months ago. Wasn 't sexually active on the pill. Took some time but It cleared my skin up wonderfully. Although, I 've gained a significant amount of weight. Grew out of mostly all my jeans. I gained about 10 pounds so I 'm switching to another birth control. Not positive if this all caused by the pill, but weight has never been a problem for me. Didn 't notice any mood changes. My periods were really light. Just not happy about the weight gain...
I 've had Implanon for about ten months now and it 's definitely working for me. AT first, my period was very irregular, then it stabilized, but with two small periods a month rather than one big one, which was a bit annoying, but didn 't last long. Now, after ten months, I have a normal period, no unexplained weight gain and no skin problems. All in all, definitely worth it, and so much cheaper over a longer period of time.
I 'm Kaylyn. 24. Starting weight 187lbs. 4 weeks on contrave. Some of the side effects i have experience: some constipation, nausea- particularly in the AM &amp; when I 'm getting hungry, recently started having the dry mouth and my taste buds have changed, some dizziness in the AM.  Usually once I eat something nausea goes away, appetite has decreased sometimes I don 't want to eat.  Wk 3 I went to my Dr &amp; had lost 3lbs. I also work out everyday. I feel like I 'm thining out but I try to stay off the scale. Yesterday,  I bought a smaller size in pants at old navy than I usually wear so that 's a plus. I would recommend this if you can push through the side effects. I have titrated all the way up to 2 twice a day also.
It really does work. Made me feel mentally sharp again. I was previously always anxious but Effexor completely stopped my anxiety.Unfortunately for me it came with severe sexual side effects. Loss of sex drive, unable to climax, impotence.Male - Taking 75mg daily. Off to try Wellbutrin instead.
Fentynal patch was more effective than MS Contin (three 30mg pills daily).  Doctor started me at 12, and I am now on 25.  I 'm sure in a few months I will be at 50 and by this time next year, 100mcg 's.  That 's what sucks about pain meds - you get tolerant of it over time, but so far so good.Patch is so small and tiny!  I thought pouch was empty the first time I opened it!  I was expecting a larger, white or flesh colored patch.
If you have problems for the taste I would recommend getting some Gatorade and mixing with it instead of the flavor pacet and water. Tastes 10 times better and the electrolytes help.
I 've had irregular menstrual cycles for years, and when I did have mine, it fame with vomiting and migraines. Junel Fe was the first thing my doctor suggested - she gave me a trial prescription, and I started as soon as my next period did. I had some hot and cold flashes and loss of appetite for a few days, but other than that, I felt great. When my period came, it was far less severe than usual - I didn 't feel nearly as sick, and I didn 't have to skip class because I couldn 't function. I 'm only on my second month of Junel, but so far so great. The few side effects I experienced were well worth the payoff.
I experienced a lot of breakthrough bleeding with this birth control
I don 't hear voices any more.
Paragard Update: It 's been exactly 2 months since I 've have my Paragard placed. Pros: don 't have to worry about taking a pill daily anymore, no hormonal side effects, &amp; most importantly, no pregnancy :). Cons: I can feel the presence of the IUD during sex every now and then, or randomly if I cough or laugh. My Gyno/other IUD users I know said my body needs more time to adjust, but I hate feeling it. Another con is the heavy bleeding (went from 3-4 days pds. to 1 week pds.), but that should also adjust over time. I can 't say I love it yet, but I 'm willing to give it more time. No birth control method is perfect, but you have to be willing to give it a shot if the pros outweigh the cons. In my opinion, nothing 's worse than that pill!
I was on imipramine for a little over a year, after trying every other antidepressant known to man. At first I noticed a major change. It was the  best I had felt in years. I was back to doing things that I used to do and felt great. It also helped me to sleep at night. The effects of the med started to decrease so we increased the dose until I was eventually on 100mg a day. That 's when the side effect started. I went in for a routine doctor visit and my resting heart rate was 130. Of course panic set in and I had a bunch of tests ran on my heart, everything was normal. The only thing different was the increase in imiprimine. It caused me tachycardia.  So now I am in the process of weaning off of it. Onto something else.
I have been on this birth control for a few years now. I switched from Ortho TriCyclen. They both seem about the same. I haven 't gotten pregant yet. I don 't really break out. I got fat when I started working at Starbucks, so the pill didn 't have much to do with that. The one thing I don 't like, is I get a thick clear discharge. It 's SO thick! It doesn 't soak into my panties, I can literally peel it off. It 's like jello. It doesn 't smell.
Inhaler clogs and does not deliver meds.  Pharmacist says they work and gave them back to me.
I had a bacterial infection from sleeping in  contact lens and allergies mixed. I woke up Sunday morning my eye were only red, by the end of the day it was swollen, running and mucus was coming out (yuck) I went to the eye doctor on Monday he gave me the Zylet drops and they are working just fine. I take 1 drop every 4 hours. The swelling is gone but I do have a dark ring around my eye from where the swelling was and the redness is leaving.The only side effects I have are headaches (which started the 2ND day)and heart rate is sped up a little. Go in tomorrow for a checkup. I hope this review helps.
Supposed to be 12 hours however, I 've found no better than 10 hrs and that is pushing it.
I was started on Avinza after back surgery. It took a bit to get an effective dose as I had back pain of 8 on a 1-10 scale, constantly. Since finding the correct dose for me, my doctor has only had to increase the Avinza once. I also take Lortab 10/500 on the average of once a day for breakthrough pain. This keeps the pain under control and I can work still. If it weren 't for this drug, I would not be able to move without excruciating pain.
I was on Celexa and the Lexapro seems to be better.
I first started out on Lamictal and unfortunately got a rash from it. I then was moved onto Ativans and those worked but only for a short period of time. This is by far the best medication, but, it takes a little bit longer to kick in compared to the Ativan. My panic attacks come out of nowhere and it 's unfortunate that it doesn 't kick in as fast. That 's why I gave it an 8.
Im on day 4 of this medication. I have experienced no negative side effects besides a constant, dull headache. But the medication is definitely working so its worth it. Smell, gone. Itchiness, gone. Icky discharge, about 75% gone.
I 've been on Vestura for a little over 6 months. I went on it because I had irregular periods and bad acne, especially on my back and chest. My periods are no longer irregular and are much lighter too. I would say that my acne is about 90% clearer now; my chest and back acne is basically gone, but I 've been noticing some breakouts on my face lately. I haven 't noticed any major mood swings or changes in my mood. However, I do think that my appetite has changed while on this pill. The past few months I 've noticed that foods that I used to eat regularly, normally for breakfast or lunch, now seem like the least appetizing things in the world.
Having read the reviews, I was apprehensive about taking pill however I was so bunged up, I felt I had little choice. I spoke to my partner and he agreed to take 2 pills with me. ( so we could go through it together. We took the pills around 10pm and went to bed. I drank plenty of water as suggested. I woke up around 7am to mild cramping and I went to relieve myself. My partner then awoke after me with severe cramping. He was banging to get in the bathroom to use the toilet but I was finishing my business. The pains made him drop to the floor and he pooped his pants and on the floor. When I finally finished I came out to see him curled up on the floor in agony with poo everywhere. He was really embarrassed and will never use again
Helped the fibro pain completely. But my sleep is totally messed up and I am tied all the time Also I feel emotionally flat. No motivation at all. For now I 'll keep on it as having total body pain 24/7 was hell on earth
I was once a procrastinating, underemployed, muscular 18 year old who was unsure of his future. My ADHD made it impossible to focus, my motivation was terrible, and I snapped on anyone over the smallest thing. I knew about Ritalin...also knew its excess side effects. Heard about Adderall and decided maybe I should speak with my PCF. He prescribed me Adderal, a pill that can either make or break you. If you have had ANY history of drug abuse AVOID IT. It took me a month to realize I was abusing it. I lost sleep, weight, gained a tolerance. When I decided I 'd better let my wife handle my medication, she gave me my  two IRs per day and still does. It helped alot. The medication is wonderful for ADHD but can very easily kill you if you abuse it
My only complaint is that it makes me feel tired around noon time. Sometimes I 'll take a forty five minute nap after I get home from work, then I usually feel re-energized. It does control blood pressure well.
So I started Butrans Thursday noon and currently it 's 48 hours I 've been on 7.5. I could feel it trying to help my chronic pain. But it just doesn 't seem strong enough. I 'll need to see about a higher dose. Otherwise I 've had no not one side effect. I sleep great. But the stronger dose will be necessary for my morning pain. I worked Thursday and Friday with some relief and I wasn 't limping quite as much. The breakthrough med tramadol doesn 't do squat for me. I feel the patch is a good fit for me. I just need a higher dose. I 'm actually bored not having to take pills all the time. Thanks!
After the results of the latest 10 year study came out in late 2016 claiming the safety of the product, I decided to ask my doctor to put me on it for my Osteoarthritis. It helped immensely! I am sure my pain was decreased by at LEAST 30-40% if not more!  When you 're in constant pain and discomfort, that amount is a huge relief! I started just a few weeks before my hip replacement due to &quot;bone on bone&quot; caused by my osteoarthritis. ANY relief is welcome!  I would most definitely recommend this to anyone to at least try! I use the generic brand.
So my husband and I have five children. So we get pregnant very easily. After baby number four my husband had a vasectomy....I have five children so you can see how well that turned out for us. After the birth of my son and after the waiting period we had an intimate moment but I hadn 't started any birth control yet. Being terrified that I could get pregnant again I took plan B. The side effects started about three days later and I haven 't been that sick ever! It was awful. I felt very pregnant as well. But after thtat week I got my period. It was very heavy and I had read that it might just be withdrawal bleeding so then I worried for another four weeks before my next period finally came. So I 'm not pregnant. IUD appointment already set
Cymbalta has helped enough for me to justify taking it for both chronic pain and dysthymia but do not stop it suddenly!  I ran into a doctor vs Insurance problem and went cold turkey for a week and thought I would die.  Wean very slowly. If you stop this medicine or stop down to a SSRI then eliminate that.  It was the most horrible thing I had ever experienced.  It has helped me though.
Started taking at age 16 for irregular periods. Used for approximately 2 1/2 years and wanted to try NuvaRing. Used it for about 4 months and switched back to Ortho Tri-Cyclen. It wasn 't long before I was spotting in between periods and finally switched after several months of that.
Started on Doxepin 100mg January 2017 due to debilitating GAD and panic attacks. I was miserable. Ten minutes after waking up, the panic attacks would start. I quit going out in public as much as possible. At night, I couldn 't shut my mind off, which exasperated my insomnia. I was taking more Xanax than prescribed to try to get through the day. I specifically asked my psych for this based on reviews. Helped right away with sleep (with no next day grogginess for me), and after about a week, started putting the brakes on my anxiety. Slowly noticed I was getting parts of my life back. It served its purpose and pretty darn well, but in ten months I gained 30lbs and kept gaining.  Due to the ongoing weight gain I switched to gabapentin instead.
I have been on Lutera for almost two weeks now. I have had almost constant diarrhea, a couple of mood swings, my period lasted nine days (rather than my usual four), nausea, hot flashes at night (age 21), I have had a hard time staying asleep, and not too much of a sex drive left. At first I would wake up and not be hungry until lunch time, now I want to eat constantly (but I control my urges or I munch on veggies). On the plus side, I haven 't gained any weight and my skin has cleared up a little. Though I am having not so pleasant side effects, I don 't have any complaints about the pill (it has only been two weeks though). Reading other reviews, a lot of people say the negative goes away within three months. So, I 'll cross my fingers.
I am on week five. I was on Byetta which worked well but made me really ill to the point that I had to plan my life around toilets! I am so relieved to read in the above comments that some people experience great hunger because i thought i was some kind of freak! I discussed IBS with my doc but they were more concerned with me losing weight. No change as yet but not feeling the same nausea some people are reporting and no knots.
I used Chantix to quit 4 years ago.  Don 't remember having any side effects then.  I went 3 weeks without a cigarette and was feeling really confident, so rather than spend the money on a refill, I decided to try it on my own.  Huge mistake!  Within 2 weeks I was smoking again.  4 years later and I 'm ready to try again.  I 'm on week 3 and it 's not working quite as well this time.  I 'm still smoking, but considerably less before.  I 'm down to about 3/4 of a pack a day compared to my usual 2 or more packs a day.  I 'm definitely having more side effects. So tired this week I could barely function and upset stomach all day, but it 's getting better.  I plan on taking the recommended 3 months this time to increase my chance of quitting for good.
I have tried all other formulations of birth control pills without success. The only way I can describe it is that I feel clinically insane when taking birth control pills, and this was the last option to try. I should note the reason I went on it is because my body stopped having periods, I went over a year without any periods (I wasn 't pregnant, and was 23 yrs old). So I went ahead and tried it. I was not as crazy on this, and it cleared up my skin completely. After about 4 months though I completely lost my sex drive. Like from 100 to -100. After my periods regulated out I quit taking it. Now 8 months later I am back to not having a period and just started taking it again the other day. This time around I am feeling kind of sick.
I went in expecting some pain and cramping and that is exactly what I got. I am 18 and have never had a child but I hate remembering to take pills so decided on Skyla. The best way to describe the procedure is: uncomfortable! For me, the clamp and cleaning part was just an odd feeling. The worst pain was when the actual device was inserted. It was basically menstral cramps but 100 times worse. I got extremely light headed and threw up all over myself. The doctor informed me that those side effects are normal and I 'm fine. After 5 minutes, I did still have cramping but was able to drive home. I had non-stop extreme cramps for about 6 hours after the procedure and they finally went down after taking Midol. The pain is worth the safe 3 years!
I started ultram a little over a month ago and am impressed with the lack of side effects. I also noticed it helps with my moods..maybe having less pain just makes me happier. Ive had spinal injections and am using ultram to hold me over until I get my next set. I do take it every 4-6 hours
I felt the effects of Axiron in the first three days. Changes are pretty quick and satisfying! The application isn 't too messy if you go slow, and it dries very quickly, especially if you put it on before getting dressed all the way. It smells a little like hand sanitizer, and it has a texture like it too. Overall, it 's fantastic! I am, unfortunately, part of that group of 3% of guys who experienced vomiting. It was encouraged by a night of mild drinking. After symptoms abated, I continued with Axiron, and have had no problems since. I love it!
It 's been about a month since I had my Paragard inserted and so far, so good! The insertion pain was not as bad as other reviews made it sound. I do suggest taking pain relief before hand. The pain felt like an intense cramp for a few minutes and then some random cramps throughout the day. Unfortunately, the woman who inserted it did not tell me how to feel for the strings or make a follow-up appointment with me to check for them. Cramps were on and off the few following days after that. Nothing a little pain medications couldn 't fix. It did, however, start my period early. Do expect some spotting for about 6 weeks. Sex will be a little painful and gross for a while, but it was nice to not worry or have to take the pill. It will be different with everyone.
Works very well in stabilizing mood. I need a very small dose twice a day, and I haven 't noticed any side effects. Except maybe acne. Although I don 't know if that is the cause. I have been on it nearly 2 months now and I notice progress everyday. I am able to focus and accomplish tasks instead of being scattered and all over the place.
New to birth control, I was prescribed Lolo about 7 months ago, a new brand about only a year old in the market in Canada. Easy to use, 28 days, with 24 active pills, 2 half/low doses, and 2 inactive/sugar pills. Downside, I haven 't had my period since I first started. I took it as instructed, I started it on the Sunday during my period, as my period just started the day before (Saturday), and during then, I had some extended spotting after my period was done and then again later on that first month I had some spotting but it was light. After that 1st month, I didn 't have a period. I had 1 or 2 depressive mood swings in the first 2 months but otherwise no other side effects.
I went on these pills for preventing pregnancy. My doctor told me to not have unprotected sex the first week. I had unprotected sex twice in the beginning of the second week and I got paranoid when I researched the brand and found out they were generic-pregnancy rate is higher. These are combination pills-means that I did not have to take it at the exact time every day.  The pills gave me crazy side effects as soon as I started them. Nausea happened everyday for the first 2 weeks to the point where I would throw up or go to the bathroom. I started eating a lot more and gained 3 pounds in the first week. Did not experience emotional changes. Got my period at the end of the last row and lasted 7 days. Not bad brand if you don 't have insurance.
Alesse has been working really well for me. In the last month I 've gained 3 lbs in what I believe to be water weight, as I feel quite bloated. Either way I can easily work 3 lbs off. I have been a bit nauseous on it as I take Alesse in the morning, but nothing unmanageable. I haven 't had any spotting. I 've had a bit of breast tenderness, but nothing that bothers me. I have been a bit tired, so I just have a little extra coffee in the morning. Overall I 've had a good experience so far with Alesse.
good drug for dysreflexy in spinal cord injurieds
I have been using alprazolam for more than  a year for my tinnitus, it does help especially in the evening. I take a 1mg tab at 6pm &amp; 9pm. IT definitely makes itEasier to cope.
I have PCOS and my gynecologist recommended that I take Yaz or Ocella. I took Ocella about a week, but after feeling numbness in my arm I decided to look up reviews on Yasmin, Yaz, and Ocella. I was horrified. I stopped Ocella and my PCOS started to get worse so I searched for medications that were good to treat PCOS. Yasmin had awesome reviews from people with PCOS (not so much for those with out it). I read allot of reviews and found that most people can tell a difference btw Yasmin and Ocella. I don 't have insurance, but to me the price is worth it! I 've lost weight, have my period again which makes me feel normal, my breast have only slightly gotten larger but don 't hurt, and my skin only breaks out when I 'm on my period.
Side effects for me: muscle spasms, mouth ulcers, diarrhea, fatigued, dizziness, itchy skin, sore throat, cramps, insomnia, sun sensitivity, and drowsiness.
I had a toothache and went to the doctor who gave me penicillin, which didn 't work. My face blew up and was extremely sore. I went back after 3 days on that it and the dentist gave me clindamycin. Got to say it is killing the infection and the pain is much less. As well as the swelling, the only problem I have had is the horrible taste that keeps coming up the back of my throat. Not like heartburn though because there is no pain.. just a nasty bitter taste. I 'm still mid course so I hope the rest goes smoothly.
I have had high blood pressure since I was 29 (now 57). I started having uncontrollable blood pressure and my primary doctor tried different medicines to no avail. Ended up at the ER with 174/120. They couldn 't explain why it would go up and down. The ER doc put me on 0.1 Clonidine and I 've been pretty good since then. There is an issue of &quot;cotton mouth&quot;, and it does help me relax at bedtime...But I 'm doing better pressure wise and am grateful for this medicine.
I have been on Byetta for 5 years.  My A1C was 8 when I started Byetta and is now 5.6 the past 4 years.  I have been able to lose 63 pounds without any diet plan, just slowly lost this weight.  I am now on half the dosage of other diabetic medications I am taking and reduced my blood pressure medications to 1/4 the dose . The only problem I have with Byetta is nausea while waiting to eat.
I 'm at the two-week point. And while it 's still a bit painful to get out of bed, once I do I no longer feel &quot;stoned.&quot; There is a light at the end of the tunnel.Days one through five were as follows: 50 mg, 100 mg, 200 mg, 300 mg, 400 mg.  Then it was a matter of getting my body acclimated to 400 mg, which I thought would never happen. If you are able to take vacation/sick days/medical leave, I do suggest it. I did not. Either way, just know it does get better within a matter of weeks.
I just started lamictal, after tapering off of topamax. Topamax did nothing for me. I have disorder 2 in which I am more manic. I 've been on it 3 weeks and so far I have been episode free, which is good for me considering I am a rapid cycler. I 've done a lot of research on lamictal and it appears to meet my needs the most. And it 's weight neutral. (Topamax never made me lose wight either). Also it doesn 't halt your emotions like say lithium, where you are neither nor sad you 're just emotionless. I hate that. Lamictal was a great choice for me so far so good!
I 've been on Belviq for about a week now. I take it at 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. I have ZERO side effects and am almost concerned maybe it just doesn 't take to me. As far as hunger, I almost feel like I 'm eating less during the day but when night hits (even after my second pill) I feel so hungry. Like insatiably hungry. So I drink a bottle or 2 of water and I still really want something to eat. No weight loss yet, praying I don 't gain even more. I 'm almost 5 '7 and I weigh 230 lbs. I have been more active and concious of my food choices. I will update soon!
I have been on Cymbalta for a year. Has helped with depression and overall my moods have been better. It doesn 't take much to make me sad, angry, or to cry though.  I suffer from constipation, dry mouth, decreased libido, very hard to get orgasms, nausea, forgetfulness and a few other minor side effects. Wish they (most antidepressants) weren 't so hard to go off of. I seem to go deeper into depression with any attempts to go off the medicines.
This was the first drug I was put on. Starting at 20mg and over time increasing it to the maximum dose of 60mg. It 's not very strong or effective. However, it does help and the side effects are virtually non existent.These days I use it as a fall back medicine - if I want to come off the one I am on (due to side effects etc). I 'll begin back on the citalopram to keep me ticking until I get another antidepressant to try.
I got mine put in after my pregnancy in June 2010. Afterwards, I did get hemorrhoids, but I am unsure if it was due to pregnancy or the Implanon. Also, I am very snappy. I get angry in an instance when usually I am quiet, but now I let it all out. I never got rid of my pregnant weight which is weird because I eat healthy and portioning. I do not have the strength to exercise. I always take a 2 hour nap in the middle of the day if not I 'm drinking coffee. My sex drive did decrease, but it has gotten better after 1 1/2 years. Good news: My period is very light just need panty liners or light tampons (the 1st 2 days). 
The product is just good but I was on for a month and I seemed to have a few side effects such as RH foot angel gout, numbness on left hand side, and tongue canker sores. Otherwise, it is good medication. It has dropped my blood pressure down from high to mild level.
I have been on Apri for about 6 months now, I have gained only around 5 pounds, but it was not noticeable. My breast size has not changed, and neither has my sex drive. I use this pill for my awful periods. I used to cry and vomit from cramps, now I do not have them at all. I have been using it as birth control as well, and have never been pregnant. I strongly, strongly recommend this pill.
I drank the first round at 3 p.m.  I managed to get it down and drank water, gingerale, sports drinks. I mixed it with berry Propel water. I also ate orange jello. At 2 a.m. I tried to finish the second dose but couldn 't due to severe nausea. Now it 's almost 4 a.m. and I 'm still trying to drink water without vomiting. The taste is very sweet and salty. The split dose is for the birds. You still have to  drink 48 oz. of fluids. I don 't consider that low volume.  If I ever do this again it won 't be with Suprep.
I 'm 33 and started having acne and needed to go back on birth control. The great news is, my skin cleared up completely within 3 months on Beyaz.  The bad news is, I 've been taking the pill for a little over 6 months and I 'm still having my period twice a month (each lasting between 6-11 days).  Definitely not ideal, but they 're usually pretty light. I haven 't noticed any weight gain (but I do work out intensively 5-6 days a week).  Lately, I 've been noticing a lot more mood swings, low self-esteem/poor body image, and I have a tremendous amount of guilt about everyday things and a bit of depression.  I increased my anti-depressant and that has seemed to help with the depression aspect, but not the other symptoms.
It does help so many people, it helped me. I 'm clean now. Be cautious when detoxing. Please do it slowly.  And after you detox from methadone, you will not feel normal right away. It takes a good two weeks to get your normalcy back.
This medication works well if taken as directed for your insomnia and for no longer than about 1 month.  I began taking 1-50mg twice a week which worked very well but I continued to increase the dosage every 2 weeks.  It did make me tired enough to fall right to sleep after about 45 minutes of taking it and with no drowsiness the following morning. 
I had severe upper back pain. I took this tab, one a day for a week. I would 'nt say it 's works great but it surely makes your pain bearable!!.
Got Liletta inserted May 24th 2017. Had originally went in on May 23rd but after 800 mg of ibuprofen and 30 mins spread eagle in the terrible clamps of vaginal agony my physician told me that my cervix was  'too tight ' and that she was  'getting a lot of resistance ' when trying the procedure, which she showed me and was admittedly small. So I was rescheduled the next Monday. I went with a different doctor and prescribed Misoprostol to take that night and dilate my cervix. And T3 for the pain. And thank God! Lol it was over in 30 seconds but it brought tears to my eyes. Cramped pretty badly for the next 6 hours. Then mild cramps and low back soreness for a day. Day three has delivered me terrible acne. But no crazy spotting or pain. Will review as I go.
I 've used sumatriptan for about 2 years to treat my migraines that I 've had since I was 10. They 're mostly period and stress related headaches. Nothing had ever helped and I 'm excited that I can finally get on with my life without laying bed for days suffering in pain. It works pretty quickly- 10 or 15 minutes after I take the medication. It 's a life saver.It does make my extremities tingly and sensitive to heat and cold. But overall I 'm thankful to have an option.
I 've been taking Ritalin for about 4 months now and it has helped me immensely. I 'm a college student and suffer from ADD, Major Depressive Disorder and OCD. I was put on this during a hospitalization because in the past I was on Concerta and it worked wonders. So being on this medication I have been able to concentrate better on my schooling and other tasks. The downfall with this med is that it lasts for about 5 hours before it wears off. The other downfall is that I am recovering from an eating disorder and the loss of appetite makes it hard to want to eat.
I 've been on Effexor-XR for around 6 months now.  My dose is up to 300 mg, and it will probably increase to 375 mg next visit.  I was in an extremely deep depression and was initially prescribed prozac.  That was a mistake for me.  Affter a 2 week washout I was switched to a low dose of efexor, and it was gradually increased.  It is helping with the depression.  I have feelings again, and I can talk to people and meet their eyes.  It 's not so good for the generalised anxiety.  Side effects at the start were lack of appetite and insomnia.  Only the insomnia remains, and has got worse as the dose has increased.
Works okay after a couple of days with no side efects, but everybody is different.
I have been taking this medication for a week and feel so much better. Had a car accident over 20 years ago and I suffer from chronic lower back, and hip pain. I take 25mg. However it has made my hot flashes worse.
I 'm 31, married with 2 kids and was looking for a more permanent form of birth control. Overall I 've been satisfied with the Mirena, I 've had it almost 3yrs now. I didn 't have too much discomfort with the insertion, just some mild cramping. The first 6 months my period was very irregular, a lot of spotting but not heavy and now it 's more regular and has remained light which is nice, no cramping. My only compliant would be an increase in acne, that 's really been my only side effect.
I am almost 43 and started having hot flashes a year and a half ago.  My daytime hot flashes were terrible.  Talk about embarrassing.   I looked like a sweating tomato.  Everyone was always asking if I was ok.  How do you tell perfect strangers to back off politely.   I was  'slightly '  irritable. At night was a thousand times worse.  I felt like I was trying to sleep in a puddle.  Tired of washing my pillows and linens everyday..   Started 0.1 mg twice a day today hoping it works.  I am tired of living in a sauna.  It 's hard to even stay hydrated this way.  It has to stop.
I used Saxenda for 6 months with little or no side effects. I loved it...then my insurance decided it wasn 't going to pay for it so ...off I went.  Now I am just trying to maintain the weight loss...25lbs...I gained back 6 right off the bat...huge appetite the first couple of weeks off drug..
After taking the zosyn for 10 days I could hardly hear.  It has improved somewhat but not like it was prior to taking the medication.
I took this medication when both of my parents died within 2 weeks. It worked really great for about a year. now I feel like it doesn 't work like it used to and maybe my body 's gotten used to it. But if you ever miss a dose you have extreme nightmares. So I am scared to go to sleep without taking it and thinking about maybe trying something new.
First infusion  - experienced swelling everywhere (inside and out), two days after infusion. Day 1 had a migraine like headache (Light sensitivity), fatigue, some heart rhythm issue (temporary) and temporary voice changes. I was pre-dosed with Tylenol.Second infusion  - pre dosed with Benadryl and solumedrol, very slight swelling, headaches coming on now (I was told: Literature says these headaches will improve with subsequent infusions), less heart involvement, I tried to sleep through most of the infusion time (1 1/2 - 2 hours with prep). I was blessed to be accepted by the HEALTHWELL FOUNDATION where I applied for co-pay assistance.  
Very effective for cough but did have the side effect of diarrhea...if I had to be out of the house or had to go to work,  I would think twice before taking Delsym!!
Self medicating currently at around 150mg daily in 3 doses. Sometimes depression hits me hard and I bump it up to 200mg. Crushing depression makes me want to give up everything and makes me hate everything but Tramadol makes me calm and I can do things again.
I had side effects from these drugs but found when I did not take them at the same time it wasn 't as bad. In States where it 's legal, THC help with the diverticulitis as well as the side effects of flagyl and cipro.
I have had no major problems except for insomnia.
Chantix worked and I am sure I would have been a non smoker if I could have finished the treatment. Stomach pain, nausea, and screwy sleep. But, it did take the desire away. Fast forward eight years. Decided to look into what makes chantix work. Cytisine compounds. I ordered tabex (cytisine) from Bulgaria. Three days smoke free. No cravings or side effects! If one doesn 't work, try the other. My problem was I could never get my mind set right about quitting. I 'd want to, but as soon as I tried... I let my thinking trick me back into smoking. Am doing really good on the tabex. Ps... Been smoking since 13. Turned 40 this year. Got tired of this battle. But needed help to let it go!
Been taking Doxycycline for about 6 weeks, 2 x 50mg tabs daily. Definitely seen improvement in my Rosacea, inflammation to face and eyes decreased quite significantly Was taking Oxytetracycline prior to this which was less effective.
I have a condition that weakens my immune system, so I get yeast infections couple times a year. This medication has been the best over the counter treatment for me. It 's more of an ointment than cream and I think that 's why it works so well for me.
This product definitely works! Please be forewarned that the pump style tube may stop working. Since mine stopped working before I could use it a second time, I decided to take it apart to pull out the medicine. What I found was a small pea sized amount within the overly long casing. Don 't mistake the outer case as the amount you get because you are being ripped off! I bought the tube style &amp; it has 3x more product even though both styles claim to have the same amount.
Before taking Amitizia I had stomach pain every single time I ate, suffered from severe constipation, have gas and bloating. I take 24 mg twice a day and my pain has completely diminished, but I still have severe constipation and still get bloated every time I eat. The medicine does help, but not completely. 
53 years old and have tried it twice. Cialis 10mg didn 't do much.  20 mg worked great.  I could really tell the improvement.  No side effects other than a little flushing.  Very Happy.
I was diagnosed with stage 4 endometriosis at 17 years old. After being on Lupron for 6 months, my doctor proceeded to put me on Depo for the rest of my life until I decide to have kids, and then back on the shot afterwards. I am now on my 5th shot and I 've had horrible endometriosis pain(not cramps, very different pain) and have had my period for 2 weeks. I am not sure the Depo is working correctly with my body but other than that, the previous shots have made almost all pain from my endometriosis go away.
Took 8 weeks to improve depression minimal side effects
I have been seeing a counselor regarding some personal issues going on.  She thought I was mildly autistic or had some sort of social disorder because she couldn 't read my body language.  I am in my mid 40s and work in PR.  Nobody has ever brought it up. She said to go to a behavioral specialist anyway to see what they says.  The Specialist diagnosed me with Cyclothemia, which seems to be bipolar light, or rather just moody.  Certainly the latter is true.  I 'm not a fan of meds but this has really changed me, for the better I believe.  If I forget to take it, boy can I tell.  Not sure if it 's withdrawals or how I used to feel.  If I lose my insurance I can keep taking it.  It 's cheap thank goodness.
I have tried a few types of birth control pills before this, but Lo/Ovral has been very effective as far as period control is concerned.  I usually skip the week of placebos and jump straight into the next pack to avoid having periods altogether, and this is the only birth control pill that doesn 't cause breakthrough bleeding as a result. It has been an effective contraceptive.
I 've gotten cold sores for a few years now, usually one small one every few months maybe. As soon as I feel the tingle I put this on and it shortens the healing time to just a few days (2-3) and keeps it looking skin toned rather than that gross red or white. Also I load up on L-Lysine which has really helped reduce the frequency of outbreaks. It 's now been almost 6 months since my last visible cold sore.
I 've been on this shot for a little more than a year, and at first it was fine but about halfway through my year I began having random periods of spotting. I noticed it usually began after (and sometimes DURING) sex. I haven 't gained much weight or anything but bleeding during sex is NOT fun. I would recommend this form of birth control but something must be done about the irregular bleeding.
Been taking for about two days and it seems to be working, but the side effects are terrible I feel tired and have a headache and pains in my chest area. Make sure to drink water and don 't lie down for 10 minutes after taking it.
So I started Enbrel two days ago and I feel exhausted , nauseous, and have a strange metallic taste in my mouth.  Has anyone ever experienced this?   I am told I should feel like a new person but I feel uncomfortable.
I experience sinus problems frequently, mostly from allergies probably. I have headaches and stuffy nose etc. This medication is wonderful. I should receive money for how many times I have recommended this to people. I feel like I can even think clearer when I take this. I rarely experience side effects. Maybe one time I had dizziness. Great product.
I had an attack of shingles last December. I experienced the typical symptoms: rash, burning pain, itching etc. After the scabs had dried I was put on Lyrica to ease the nerve pain. Have to say that it worked for me. I am a healthy 46 year old male. The side effects were some fuzziness and weight gain. This may have been due to lack of movement and also the Christmas eating but I put on 3 kilos in two weeks which is a lot for me. I am feeling that I would like to come off it so will reduce dosage and see what happens. At first I was nervous about taking this but it has notably reduced the pain to practically nothing.
I found trulicity to be very effective in controlling my blood sugar., appetite and cravings. Unfortunately after 2 months I was still having such severe constipation I had to stop. I increased my fiber, water intake, exercise -everything possible to deal with the constipation, but to no benefit. It 's too bad because otherwise it was a very effective medication for me.
Taking 7.5/325 for Shingles pain across back and chest, going into 3rd week post-diagnoses. Takes the edge off but comes nowhere close to relieving the pain. Nothing does so far.
I was prescribed Effexor for menopause symptoms and it treated my undiagnosed depression! It completely changed my life. I was an angry, laughing/crying mess and Effexor turned me around and put me in a good place with an excellent attitude. Cons are brain zaps and sweating from the forehead. I was weaning off of it when I couldn 't take it anymore and went back on it. I started crying and felt horrible. Night sweats were miserable too. I 'll take the zaps and sweats over depression and night sweats any day.
I have the 2.5 version.  It works well about 90% of the time, while Zofran, works about 50% of the time for me.  However, I don 't like taking even one because of the hangover the next day.  Further, it enhances the chronic pain, making the pain worse, sometimes.  Never know when that will happen.
I have been using Pradaxa for a few months after years on Warfarin. It 's much easier without the weekly blood tests but I have noticed a few side effects. I have gained weight, 4kg, with the same food intake, get terrible stomach pains about once every 2 weeks, and have had increased reflux even though I take Nexium tablets. Overall the benefits outweigh the problems.
Used along with Prozac (Fluoxetine) helped Anorexia Nervosa symptoms.
I have been very happy with my Implanon so far. I have had it for about 3 1/2 months. I didn 't feel any pain when it was inserted; only a slight sting when they numbed my arm. I did have a pretty big bruise for about a week, and now I have a very small scar. As far as side effects, I haven 't had any noticeable side effects. My biggest complaint is that I have had longer than normal periods. My first period after Implanon was right on schedule and lasted it 's normal duration. My following cycles have lasted about twice as long as they should. However, I don 't have any spotting in between periods; my period is just extra long. I feel like that is a fair trade off though for not having to worry about birth control at all for 3 years.
I have social/general anxiety and insomnia. For the first week 50mg of Hydroxizine knocked me out at night for 10-12 hours.  Now it is not working as well as it is causing restless legs AND arms. I 've been able to take less Prozac (from 20mg to 10) and less Trazodone(100mg. to 50) without side effects, I hope to discontinue those. I am allergic to most everything, hydroxyzine helps with those (even cat allergy!) I 'm not energetic but will discontinue other meds as they add to that in combination of all. Wasn 't nervous at husbands large family holiday get together which was REALLY NICE! (50mg) Also most importantly, completely fixes the inability to achieve orgasm noted from Prozac 
I started taking Prozac about 2 &amp; 1/2 years ago after having a horrible bout of dry mouth with Celexa. Did some research and asked the doctor for Prozac. I felt much the same as I did on the Celexa without the side effects. No weight gain but no loss either. As one of the other reviewers stated I felt &quot;neutral&quot; (neither happy or sad). It did help with anxiety and stress but after about a year and a half I once again developed severe dry mouth. I started taking my 20 mg dose every other day to reduce the side effects but ended up with swelling of my face and tongue. I am no longer taking this but would still recommend trying it. Thought I would do ok without medication but will be making an appointment tomorrow to get something new.
I have been taking 25 mg of Vistaril once per day for about the past month. I take it at night. I have depression and anxiety pretty bad with the anxiety being the strongerof the two issues. I can 't handle stress very well at all either. I am taking 40mg of Prozac a day also. The Vistaril at first, made me drowsy and lethargic. It took me about a week to adjust. Now I feel much better. I can sleep at night and feel decent when I wake up. It 's not perfect but I am not getting any side effects and it 's improved my life. I would recommend trying it but I would only take at night and do not drive after taking it until you get used to it.
Worked for me! Five years of GP prescribed acne treatments did nothing but make me more and more frustrated. I went on accutane, despite being dubious due to the severe side effects I 'd read about. Did nothing at first, but gradually after maybe three months, less and less spots were appearing. Now, after 5 months and with 1 more on accutane to go, I have maybe one active spot, compared to a face full. Symptoms: I found it pretty easy. Dry lips were an annoyance, but just got into the habit of always carrying a lip balm. Dry skin was there but resolved by a good moisturiser (cetaphil is good). My main issue was regular nose bleeds, I got one nearly everyday which was very distruptive. This was sorted though by slightly reducing my dose.
I got the Paragard IUD inserted almost two weeks ago and it 's been okay so far. When j got it inserted it felt like cramps, but nothing that I couldn 't handle and I was just fine after the insertion. Just some slight cramping the first week and the second week I started my period and had a lot more cramping that I 'm use to on a period but nothing that made me stay home from work. So far it 's been pretty okay, and I will put another review in a few months to update. I 've read horror stories on this birth control but it hasn 't been too bad for me. Just more cramping and more bleeding on my period, and I only bled a lot for one day and cramped bad for the first day.
I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis Jan 10, 2012. Since being on Copaxone for one year, I haven 't noticed any change in my symptoms.  I have noticed they come every three months instead of monthly. Haven 't seen a neurologist yet and hope no new lesions.  I will say that I have experienced hair loss.  I have never had a problem with hair loss other than cutting it off myself, but this has been on-going.  At first I had the indentions, but was told by a MS nurse to try getting a massage.  And that I have done.  I get a massage on a weekly basis and it has taken the indentions away and it relaxes me. I have hope this medicine works for me.
I started taking Yaz because of my acne breakout and that 's unusual because I 'm already way past my teenage years. About a week after taking it, I 've noticed that my breakouts has stopped. Though I still get 1 or 2 tiny reddish spots every week or so (Stress from being a Programmer), they heal after a day or two without applying any medication on it.Before the pills, I always get nasty breakouts and even a single pimple takes weeks to heal because it 's always recurring. Today, my skin is on it 's way to clearing up and I don 't retouch my makeup often anymore because the oiliness has been diminished. I 've also noticed that my breasts got heavier and are bigger than usual. But that 's fine with me for as long as the pills won 't make me fat.
I 've had skyla inserted for about 3 months now. I took painkillers before I had Skyla inserted which was a great help. While it was being inserted, everything that lead up to the procedure wasn 't terrible. It felt like very extreme period cramps, and a burning sensation but nothing crazy. Afterwards, I did spot for an hour or so &amp; the cramps were outrageous. I had meds and a heating pad to help, and eventually they went away. Skyla has done a great job so far with helping my period become short and light, and protecting me from an unwanted pregnancy. It is worth it to get, as long as you can deal with a long period after skyla is inserted and extreme cramps for a short sections of time. Pain &amp; blood do go away after the regulation of Skyla.
First week on Cymbalta and I can report that it is certainly effective. I have severe recurrent depression with some psychotic symptoms, and have been on Lexapro, Prozac, tried natural supplements etc.... Nothing worked too well. I 'm also currently taking Wellbutrin and that helps with energy. Still early on, but I can already tell a decrease in suicidal thoughts, delusional rumination and such. Of course it 's not without side effects. Dry mouth, nausea, constipation, emotional liability (random laughing and such), dizziness, orthostatic hypotension (lightheadedness upon standing). 
Although it took 6 weeks to show improvement, after that it worked great. The doctor told me it would take that long. I had no side effects. I had a red area on my nose and under my eye for months and doctor said it was rosacea. It cleared it completely. I also have red and dry skin on my cheeks and jaw that the medicine did NOT help.
This was prescribed to me for scalp psoriasis after trying a medical shampoo and another topical lotion with no relief from the itch and flakes. I found within the first few applications it relieved the itch and got rid of about 90% of the plaques on my scalp. I have been using it for almost a month now and its made a worlds difference for me! The only reason I 've not given it a 10/10 is how greasy it is, its hard to apply and much harder to remove from my hair. After trying a couple of things I 've found that the trick is to use baby oil to break down the stickiness and use dish soap to wash it out (I do this step at night before bed) then in the morning I use Loreal 's extraordinary clay hair mask to absorb the remaining baby oil!
I also take this for my CP, works well but the side effects.
It helps with symptoms of ADD and ADHD, but I worry about the possible addictiveness of the medicine. I also worry about what pharmacy I fill the prescription because some of the generic versions have made me sick if I wait more than 20-30 minutes after eating to take the medication. I 'm not sure if it is the fillers used in the different generics or the amount of the actual medicine in the product.
Works ok! 6 months later I am still taking it and the side-effects slowly disperse. 6 months later though I feel like I need something else for the voices...
I 'm a 5 '11 205lb size 12 former athlete and current teacher/coach. I work out 5-6 times a week and watch what I eat pretty closely.  Long story short, I lost about 75lbs 4 years ago and have kept it off, but haven 't had any luck recently losing more. I 'd like to lose another 20lbs. My doctor checked my thyroid and some other things and offered this option.  Said I needed a big boost to help make a change and a super low calorie diet wasn 't the best fit for me. I 've just completed the 14 day intro and lost 3.6lbs (which was over Thanksgiving). Only side effects thus far are tingly hands sometimes at night. My advice..whatever you try to help lose, a life style change which includes eating right &amp; exercise is a MUST especially to maintain.
Calms and relaxes without grogginess
I have been taking Mirtazapine for a little less than 2 months for my Major Depressive Disorder, Insomnia, Underweight  and have already noticed an improvement with my depression and insomnia, and have been steadily gaining much needed weight. However the side effects of this drug are not to be underestimated. I personally have suffered the following side effects - Exfoliative Dermatitis, odd dreams, dry mouth, nausea, eye pain, and at some points worsened depression. Aside from my negative experience with its side effects, I 'm relatively pleased with the effectiveness of this anti-depressant.
I started sertraline three days ago 50mg for stress  and depression i also take propranolol 30mg a day and iv just felt spaced out always need to sleep not really hungry feel sick constantly and cant really get out of bed my legs feel really weird like tingling feeling but i feel a lot calmer already like im on cloud 9 i was getting bad thoughts not just about hurting myself but other people and for the first time in ages iv felt abit normal just hope the side affects soon wear off and start feeling myself agen
Used ortho tri lo for over 3 years  to regulate my period and it has been a positive experience. I have been able to use for 3 consecutive months or have a period every month. Side effects: breast tenderness, increase sex drive and bloating close to menstration. Positive are I did not gain weight, light periods, cleared my acne and it did not make me emotional and it is forgiving if I forget to take the pill. I really like this pill!
I have taken 50mg now for several years for depression and to aid sleep. It takes about 30 minutes to knock me out. However, I am up again in about 3 hours, which is frustrating but to be fair, I also take Tramadol for pain relief, so this may be an interaction of the tablets.  I tend to feel a little groggy all day, and I also wake up with a headache.
I had a toenail fungus and started taking this medication. I 've been on it for almost 3 months. Some of the nail on the big toe came off, which I think is good. My blood work has been fine and I 've had no bad side effects. So it works.
Zyprexa worked really well in terms of removing the paranoia and the suspiciousness. Made me normal within a period of 2-3 weeks. The only problem I feel with regard to this medicine is the weight gain issue. I think this medicine in combination with mirtazapine has made me put on weight in a few weeks. Yes, and also my prolactin level was well above the normal range. In the starting this made me tired and I had problems waking up on time. Apart from these few side effects it is a really good anti-psychotic.
I was on the pill for about 3 years and it was hard for me to remember to take it every day. I also did not know that if you are take prescription while on the pill, it &quot;cancels&quot; out the birth control, so I ended up getting pregnant and had a miscarriage after 7 weeks. I wanted to switch birth control so I asked my gyno about my options. She suggested Nexplanon so I said why not. I have been on it for 8 months now and its working for the birth control part, but I have had my period every other week for at least 6 days and have gotten quite a bit of acne on my face. I do want to stick with this but I hate the side affects.
November 2011 at age 19 I went to the gyno to discuss birth control options with the doctor and my fiance (now husband). Children were not a part of our plan so young so we decided to get the Mirena. Financially it was the best option, not to mention the most convenient.The insertion was definitely uncomfortable, and the first 3 months were rough as the IUD settled in and I got that awful jabbing feeling. I gained about 10-15 pounds, but that is an effect of just about any birth control option you use. After being on it almost 4 years I randomly spot, but it 's done it 's job. If you can hang in for the 1st 3 months or so, and you 're looking for an effective, hassle free, long-term birth control I strongly suggest this method!
Took the top edge off of the pain caused by several broken bones in my foot, which was making life pretty difficult.I was left with what I 'd describe as the pain from a bad bruise, but fairly easy to deal with.
I was prescribed Azithromycin after feeling fatigued and under the weather for a few days then coming down with a fever, chills, body aches, loss of taste, deep chest congestion and sinus congestion. My doctor said it was bronchitis and perhaps an initial onset into bronchial pneumonia. On the 5-day treatment, and started feeling noticeably better on day 2. On day 3 now and although still getting better, the lung congestion is so deep that it 's hard to get rid of the mucus. A MUST on this drug is taking a LOT of probiotics! The medication kills off all of your GUT GERMS, good and bad making many people 's stomach 's ache so make sure to eat a lot of YOGURT and even better KEFIR everyday. The doctor 's leave that out when prescribing.
I was diagonised with ppms in sept 2014 Aubagio was not intended for this kind of MS but neuroligist thought I should try it started in dec.2014 I find that I get a qo easy feeling about half hour after taking seems to go away pretty quick less than an hour. I also find that I cut myself and bleed easily just by touching something don 't know if this is from aubagio. I also have loss of balance and slurred speech don 't know if this is the med. or just m.s. I had a MRI in sept 2015 and was told my ms had not progressed which is a good thing neuroligist says it is because of the aubagio;
I 'm on day 3 of Wellbutrin for pretty much everything- depression, anxiety, ADHD and smoking.  Today, I smoked a cigarette and it tasted awful.  They tasted &quot;normal&quot; yesterday.  I tried a couple more and each tasted worse.  I was not expecting this effect but am very excited. At this rate I 'll be done tomorrow! And the ADHD and depression seem much better.  No side effects except for first day (I just felt anxious and weird, but fine since then).  Maybe a miracle?
Good stuff.  It works well if you take it before dinner - or whatever major meal you eat each day.I try not to take it every day.  
I 've been on Nexplanon for 2 years and 1 month. It has worked perfectly on not letting me get pregnant, but I almost don 't get my period, and once I thought I had it and it was here for one day. Then the next time it came and lasted 21 days. I really have no complaints with the period thing, but now I always have severe migraines, sudden nausea, breast pain, almost no desire to be intimate and my mood swings are unpredictable and just as bad.
I was prescribed this medicine back in the late 80 's for seizure control. I recently stopped using this in 2010. It controlled my seizures well, but I did not realize the side effects of it.  Side effects were irritability, anger, increased depression and behavior.Because I literally grew UP with this medicine, I can now see these issues after changing the medicine. My brain was built to use it during puberty/young adult.This does control seizures, and actually suppressed anxiety by slowing down all brain functions. Be aware that epilepsy is cor-morbid with depression quite often and this medicine may enhance/increase depression symptoms.
Been on it 2 weeks for anxiety, insomnia and depresion, 30mg at night. Love it. Sleep like a baby, wake up refreshed and energy levels have risen, feel so happy, not feeling high or anything, just seem to feel normal, which I haven 't felt in 10 years, only kind of downside is that I can 't stop eating! And not sugars and carbs! I eat almost anything that is available to me, if there is only a bag of salad in the fridge I will eat the whole thing! The last time I had an appetite like this I was a very active teenager. I 've already gained half a stone in 2 weeks and I was 11 stone to start with. My family are all overweight and I 'm just a little worried I wont be able to control it! Help please.
I am 22 years old and this is the first time I 've been on a BC. After reading all the bad reviews I wanted to make sure that there is at least a good one. Everyone 's body is different and reacts different. So don 't let scary reviews scare you away. Try it for yourself and if you don 't like it you can always find something that you do like. I have been on this BC for 3 weeks going on 4 and I love it so far! No spotting, mood swings, headaches, depression and my skin is more clear than before. I have also noticed my boobs are getting bigger, they 're a little sore but not bad. So far I 'd say its a good experience 
Until my doctor gave me Zofran, I was one of the millions of women who suffered terrible morning sickness. It was so bad, in fact, that I couldn 't work. The first day I took it, I became dizzy, but the vomiting stopped. The dizziness was gone by the second day. It did cause constipation and I was hungry all the time. By the second trimester, I went off of it and found that my bowel movements returned to normal and my appetite had returned to somewhat normal.It definitely serves its purpose during the first trimester.
I have been unable to tolerate any if the other mood stabilizers I have been on.  Gabapentin 900 mg daily was my initial dosage and I felt relief from my severe anxiety and irritability for the first couple days, then it subsided and only helped calm it down somewhat.  I just saw doc today &amp; it 's going up to 1800 mg daily.  Hopefully I can feel more normal again.
First I want to remind everyone that we all react differently to medications. If I would have gone off these reviews I wouldn 't have ever started taking this birth control let alone any of them.  I have been on it a month now. The first week I had very high anxiety levels which was difficult to push through but after 10 days it subsided.  I do notice I am bloated pretty much all the time but with time I hope that will pass as well. I have had mild cramps every now and then. Otherwise I am fine. Don 't let bad reviews scare you off. I would recommend this pill.
When I had gotten my first period while on nexplanon it had lasted 2 months. But it was very light so I felt like I could deal with it. After that period was over I made it from October 2014 to July 2015 with NO PERIOD and no pregnancy scare. Since I 've gotten my period back I have it almost all the time! Like bleed for 2 weeks then a 3 day break and my period comes right back. I used to say how much I love it but it is now almost September 2015 so I have been having my period for about 3 months straight and it sucks. I have lost over 15 pounds from exercising since I have had it implanted so I wonder if that has anything to with the almost constant period.
I 've been using this product for a little over a week now and already my skin is clearing up! I 've dealt with acne and post-acne scarring for about 3 years now. I am 16 and I 'm so glad i found something thats working! I used it along with finacea (azelaic acid) and my skin just keeps improving!
Ithink its great no real problems with side afects.
From reading the medical literature this is probably the most efective treatment for obsessive compulsive disorder but the side effects led me to change, after a year of use, to a less taxing medication. The weight gain was too much and it made me more confrontational with others. But for bringing my initial problem down to a manageable level before switching, Anafrinil was a life saver.
For anyone taking this or planning on taking this, DO NOT DISCONTINUE WITHOUT WEANING OFF!  That said, besides brain zap, yawning and anorgasmia over the first 3 months of treatment (18 months and counting ), Cymbalta has been a great treatment for my anxiety / depression issues. I have only experienced these side effects when changing dose or missing a dose (30mg a day, last 15 months, 60mg a day for first 3). At one point I wanted to come off it, GP guided me through a 12 week taper off course, but my 2-5 drinks a month were causing the problems I had associated with the medicine. I no longer drink, and it 's all so cruisy.I take mine 1-2 hours before  'bed time '. Works for me because I tend to sleep deeper and wake with lots of energy.
In my third week with Qsymia now and so far, very positive. I am 5 '7&quot; and 250 lbs. I had lost about 40 lbs on my own with diet and exercise but plateaued. This has proven to jump start my weight loss. I noticed on the lower dose I was still hungry at night, but on the three days of the higher dose it seems to be better. I eat balanced meals, but they are more like snack sized portions. My snacking urge is completely gone. My only side effect I 've noticed is some mild insomnia, but I started taking a Tylenol PM a few days ago to help with that until my body gets used to it and it worked wonders. I can 't wait to weigh in soon!
I 'm 14 years old and have been suffering from underarm sweetness since I was 9. I hated going shopping and buying shirts because I couldn 't wear any light colors only black. As I got older it got worse and I didn 't really like talking to other people and in class I wouldn 't raise my hand. My mom decided to take me to my doctor and he told me about Hypercare. The first night I tried it, it itched and burned but the next day I didn 't SWEAT! I was happy and thank my doctor. Good thing they invented this product and know that I 'm going to high school and I can socialize with a lot of people without being afraid. Yay!
The first month starting this pill was TERRIBLE. I had an extremely heavy period that actually freaked me out because I lost so much blood. I also experienced the worst nausea and it even caused me to throw up one night. Though it was a terrible start, I stuck with it and now I have been on the same pill for over a year. I experienced a small amount of weight gain and my breasts also became bigger. The pill definitely does its job at protecting you from having babies (if taken correctly). I get very sick when I miss a pill and take it the next morning. I am VERY moody the next day and feel terrible. Overall, this pill is okay after the first month. I 've never been on any other pill so i don 't really have anything to compare it to either
I began using Chantix last September, not really believing all the claims. I smoked for over 40 years and actually still enjoyed smoking. I actually couldn 't believe the results. I have been completely smokefree since October 1, 2008! The stomach discomfort was minor and I actually experienced very nice dreams while using this product. This is a truly awesome smoking cessation product!
I 'm 35 and slowly been loosing erection strength over the last couple of years. I put this down to highly stressful job and lack of exercise. After discussion with doctor, started me on Cialis 20mg with a view to not needed them after a few repeat scripts. Took the first one 2 days ago. It took about 4 hours to start working but has only just now seemed to wear off. Had headache for the first day but well worth it. Felt like I was 18 again. Even woke up with a morning erection... not done that for at least a year! I recommend for anyone that like me, needs a kick along to keep the wife happy!
I have been on Contrave for a month and a half. Started off taking 1 pill and I felt fine. So 5 days into it I bumped up to 2 pills. Still felt fine. My appetite got less and my cravings for sweets did too. Once I started taking 4 pills is when this headache started. And it has not gone away. Every single day I have the most pounding headache. I 've tried taking Advil/Tylenol to get rid of it but nothing works. I go to bed with it and wake up with it. I have done no exercise but still lost 15 lbs since starting Contrave but it is getting to the point where is this headache worth it? My doctor seems to think it will subside. I have started my second bottle and have just began to space my pills out. I hope things start to change.
Started Zyprexa 3 weeks ago - my primary side effect is insomnia - I go to sleep but awaken through the night and then early morning awakening.  My sleep has been reduced to 5-6 hours a night - I have MS and my sleep is vital to control that, so hopefully my Dr can help with the lack of sleep issue.
I will warn you that if you already have a history of depression and you have a depressive episode while on this medication, it will be 10x worse. Do NOT take that lightly. Have a good support system and tread lightly if you do choose to take this medication with a depressive history.The topiramate part of Qsymia made me have extreme mood shifts, from the first time I took it. I continually noticed short attention span, memory recall and retention issues, and other problems.Very effective for me, regarding appetite control. No cravings, when I used to have many. I did not shed significant poundage, only about 15 pounds in 3 months, but it was enough for me to want to continue on the medication - also, I was not exercising, due to my job
I am 28, female, 68 kg and have been taking lexapro 20mg for 2 years for mixed GAD and mild depression. Side effecrs are minimal. I do feel crap if I miss a dose or drink alcohol. Highly recommend for lowering anxiety and helping balance moods.
Last year, when I had my first diverticulitis attack (a bad one), I was put on Cipro and Flagyl.  Condition did clear up although I was left with a nasty case of Thrush.  This time only on Cipro - don 't find the one medicine alone very effective.  I 'm nearing the end of my prescription (10 days of 2 per day) and still having some pain and nausea.  Will see my doctor next week.
Kariva and Viorele are LITERALLY the same thing people.
I had the 5HTTLPR biomarker and CYP450 genotyping tests from a blood draw (which can help doctors determine how antidepressants are metabolized by your specific genetics and help predict which medications may be most beneficial as well as how long it may take for you to notice results), and was prescribed Effexor based on that info. It has helped me GREATLY for 6 months so far.
Have only been using now for 1 full day, and have not notice much, I no longer have pain in my eye, not as watery but still red at the bottom of my bottom lid.  Will continue to use and see what happens!
I have taken just about every over the counter sleep aid, and all prescribed ones as well and this works pretty well for me. I have to take the maximum dose of Ambien to even feel drowsy, this is much cheaper (no insurance) and works as well or possibly a little better. DO NOT TAKE ANY MORE THAN RECOMMENDED. 
I recently went back on this pill. I took this pills for the first time 3 years ago had no side effects. When off to have kids. I recently went back on and so far still very happy. I was on generess fe which made my face breakout very badly . Mircette has cleared it all up. No complaints at all I feel great on this pill. I also have PCOS so it 's been helping me with that . Hope it continues to work as well as it is so far .
I have been taking 50mg Pristiq for 3 days.  I can 't believe the difference I felt within the first 24 hours.  My depression and anxiety have eased.  My body aches and pains have subsided.  I hope you will try this medicine. I haven 't felt this normal in years!
I was dealing with chronic back pain in my L3 to L5 due to arthritis.  I tried different therapies.  When my doctor and I found out I 'm limited on the type of therapy I can do (long, different story), we discussed pain therapy.  I take 900mg of this per day along with 10 mg of Oxycontin twice a day and I am back to my regular routine.  I still wake up with minimal back pain but that soon goes away after I 'm up and moving around.  The added benefit is I also have restless leg syndrome, so I kill two birds at once.  And I didn 't even know it helped the Restless Legs Syndrome when my doctor prescribed it. I truly hope my good fortune with this medicine continues for a long time.
I was on this medication for around 3 years at different doses, anywhere from 50 mgs to 600 mgs. It was a very good medicine and helped a lot with my anxiety and depression and really calmed me down and was very helpful, but the weight gain was a killer. I would try to go off over and over and would have to keep going back to it because I would be in such bad shape without it. I had a love/hate relationship with it. I became pre-diabetic while on it. I finally was able to go off and stay off at one point. It 's a great drug, but the side effects are horrible as far as weight gain.
Honestly wish my M.D. or P.M. doctor had prescribed fiorinal or fioricet with codeine phosphate 3. I was taking that version for years last rx call in was only for fioricet.
Worked great! However, after taking the 5 mg. tablets for a week or so, I had to stop taking them. I experienced severe leg pain. Mostly in the back of my legs and the ligaments that run down your legs to the side of each knee became severely tight and painful! I would wake up at 4 or 5 A.M. and have to get up, as the pain was so intense. It 's a shame..cause I was loving the positive effects!!
Any side effects I had went away after a week or so. I 've lost 14 pounds so far and it 's only been 2 months. If I were to exersise I am sure I would have lost a lot more by now. I am not hungry and when I do eat I am satisfied with just a little food.
Have been taking 10mg with a meal and a full glass of water for 13 months.  Blood pressure (BP) has gone from 180/95 to 118/78 and body weight has gone from 200lbs to 170lbs. I was surprised that taking this medication and losing 30lbs after 13 months was enough to bring my BP to normal.  At first I had muscle cramps in legs, feet and hands, but after adding 45 minutes of walking and 15 minutes of stretching 4 days a week, most of the problems are at a tolerable level, and I feel much more energetic too.  During the rainy season, I check out exercise DVD 's for  'Baby Boomers ' from the library to keep up my exercise regimen. Doctor says if I lose another 20lbs he can lower the dosage which is incentive enough for me to add a modest diet to my regimen. I haven 't felt this good in years.
I was diagnosed with Lupus April 20, 2009.  I was prescribed Cellcept and still on it.  I notice a difference in the joint pain if I haven 't taken my dose yet.  The disadvantage is the stomach issues it causes.  My doctor also prescribed me Imodium.  That helps a lot.
These help me better then Vicodin. Have tried numerous pills - I have Lupus.
Do yourself a favor and skip down to Time2gonow - 4/27/2015 post.  He/She nailed it for me.  I read all of the negative reviews until I got to that one.  The day of my prep I cut it out and pasted to my desktop.  Read it 3 or 4 times before starting.  Set a timer and drank the Suprep mix within 15 minutes, and the rest of the water within 30 minutes.  I was going before the hour was up and was done in about 90 minutes.  Got a good night 's sleep before the next dose in the morning.  Don 't cheat on the liquid diet.  I had broth for &quot;meals&quot;, and jello when I felt hungry and needed to &quot;eat&quot; something.  Otherwise sipped Gatorade all through the day and the entire process.  Thanks Time2gonow for your post!
I am 47 years old, &amp; a recovering addict. Around 1999 I hurt my lower back &amp; began taking opioid based medications. As the years when by I required stronger &amp; stronger opioid medications in order to relieve the pain. I&rsquo;m talking over 365 pills a month. It had gotten out of control. So I put myself into rehab in order to get off opioids all together. But unfortunately, the pain still existed. So, I relapsed because I couldn&rsquo;t handle the pain. Once again I put myself into rehab. But this time I was prescribed a Buprenorphine base medication, and it was a God send! I have been taking a Buprenorphine based medication about 5 years now and it controls my pain without needing to increase the dosage. I take one to two doses a day and I feel great!
I have used Aczone 5% for over 2 years. It worked pretty well to manage minor breakouts and is much less abrasive than other topical acne treatments (both OTC and prescription). I still struggled with cystic acne, so my dermatologist also prescribed an oral medaction called Spironolactone. I take 50mg 1 daily. Boy does that really help my cystic acne! That medication when used as prescribed at higher dosages is to treat high blood pressure, but it has been found that in doses 50-100mg to treat cystic acne.  I have extremely sensitive skin and have to be careful with what products I put on my face. I recently made the change to the 7.5% and am experiencing some redness and irritation. Does anyone know if this will subside overtime?
I 've been taking Beyaz for about 5 years now, I started when I was 14 because of severe cramps. It worked great for a while but in the last few months I have experienced spotting and longer periods with more severe cramps. I am going to speak to a doctor about trying another pill.
I have been taking this medication for a few years now. It has helped somewhat with my insomnia. It 's probably time to increase the dosage.
I have been using the 0.01% cream for about two months now. I will say it cleared my acne up a lot! It does not help with closing pores though, my pores are still extremely visible. Also, I have a huge neck rash from this medicine that won 't seem to go away.
i feel like methadone saved my life. i was addicted to pain meds for years and saw no way out. after finding my way to a methadone clinic near my home, i can happily report i have been free for almost 2 years. only side effects i have really noticed are weight gain.
Our 10 year old daughter has been taking Concerta for ADD for two months and the difference is unbelievable.  Her performance in school had been steadily declining from year to year without any explanation.  We knew she was capable of doing well so we found this very frustrating.  After asking the school for help she was evaluated and diagnosed with ADD (no hyperactivity).  She is on a 36mg dose after increasing it just one time.  After starting the medication we noticed a difference immediately, the first thing being her handwriting, it honestly looked like a different child%u2019s writing%u2026so neat I actually thought her older sister had written it.  We%u2019ve received glowing reports from her teachers and even from the principal and her grades have steadily increased to As &amp; Bs in just a short time.  Homework is no longer an issue either%u2026we used to spend long frustrating evenings on homework and now 9 nights out of 10 her homework is completely finished by the time we get home from work.  Thank you Concerta%u2026you gave us the daughter we knew we had.
I have severe back pain and have been prescribed norco 10 Mg 6x day for almost two years. I moved and got in with a new doctor. She prefers a conservative approach since I am young and there is risk for addiction with opiates. I am on Nucynta 100 mg IR and it works great. There really is no change in the way it helps with pain or makes me feel from the norco. I like the nucynta better personally. Only con is that it is expensive and insurance does not want to cover it.
Recommended by my GI.  30 ml dose every AM very helpful, especially compared to $$$ prescription meds that my PCP recommended
I 've taken this to treat and to prevent urinary tract infections and it has helped me with both. The only reason I gave it an 8 is because if I don 't take it for a while and then I take it, I get hives. The next day when I take it I 'm fine. Just happens the first time. When this happens I have to take a allergy medicine to help it go away.
So far I really like Zolpidem ER (generic form). I was having a lot of trouble falling asleep because my mind was always racing. My doctor prescribed 6.25mg at first and this did not really seem to help. He then suggested that I take two (to equal 12.5mg) and this did the trick. I try to make sure I 'm done with dinner and any snacking by 7-8PM and I take this at 10PM, right as I&quot;m getting into bed. This softly puts me to sleep within 20-30 minutes. I 've read it should not disturb &quot;sleep architecture&quot;. I gave an 8 because I still wake up about 3-4 am but I can fall back asleep.
I 've been on Depo for 1 year and 5 months and first my periods would last 2 weeks 3 days instead of 5-7 days. After my 3rd shot I had no more periods but lately my last 2 shots I 've been spotting due to getting my shots at the 12th week instead of 10-11 week. I 've had no complications inspite the 20-25 lbs gain weight from the shot. This September I 'm due for another but have decided with my fiance to put a hold on the shots. Just remember ladies everyone 's body is different so what may work out for me won 't on others if one birth control doesn 't cut it for you try another the one that suits you best. Good luck.
Prescribed this for BV infection. On the second day I started to feel like I had the flu! Terrible stomach cramps, nausea, diarrhea, runny/stuffy nose, tightness in my nasal passages-making my eyes feel tight, extreme fatigue, weakness, aches, chills and finally headaches with dizziness! No exaggeration here (I think it affects people differently) this was some nasty stuff for me! I thought I was going to have to go back to the doctor until I read about these side affects, at one point I felt so awful I thought I was going to have to go to the ER! Overall, I mean the BV infection IS gone and I 'm still kickin '. lol Best advice was to EAT something when you take the pill...chicken noodle soup &amp; crackers was my go to that helped!
Fifteen years ago I was desperate to find relief for my severe Hyperhydrosis (hands and feet). I discovered oxybutinin and it has literally changed the course of my life. I started with one 5mg dose in the morning and one 5mg dose at night. The side effects (drowsiness, foggy brain, dry mouth) were a little much for me so I cut my morning dose in half. This medication has allowed me to feel like a normal person and to engage in activities that I used to withdraw from (public speaking, shaking hands, wearing flip flops, etc.). I tried Botox (very little effect), acupuncture, drysol. Nothing has been nearly as effective as the oxybutinin. It 's a game-changer!
I 've been fighting with sleep issues for 9 years now, and was just diagnosed with Idiopathic Hypersomnia this Wednesday. I 've been taking 250mg/day of Nuvigil since Friday morning. The medication worked great during the day on Friday. I used to sleep somewhere between 12 - 18 hours per day, and would fall asleep any time. I was relaxed up until then. However, I couldn 't sleep Friday night at all. Took it again Saturday morning after no sleep, and it dragged me through the day. Still couldn 't force myself to sleep Saturday night. Finally slept 3 hours last night after experiencing hallucinations. Hoping I 'll acclimate well after a few weeks, as Friday I felt better during the day than ever before. Want that feeling back again.
I am 17. I 've been on LOestrin for a little over a month, and I 'm taking it for painful and long periods.  I really like it actually. I suffer from chronic migraines and either Loestrin would help with them or make them worse. It definitely helped and I am so happy! Also, I have no acne. I have experienced a slight weight gain but nothing that diet and exercise won 't fix. My sex drive has actually increased a lot and I have not become depressed like other reviews have said. The only downside is breakthrough bleeding which occurred after being on it for 2 weeks, I had bad cramps too and that was the whole reason I went on this. You really have to stay on it for at least 3 months to really now how it 'll affect you. Don 't give up.
I have had very crazy, high high blood pressure since I was 20. I have tried several different medications, but this one probably works the best. I am on 20 mg of the Procardia &amp; 200 mg of labatelol. The combo works pretty well for me, but when I first started taking the procardia I had killer headaches for hours on end. It almost made me stop taking it altogether. But, I stuck it out &amp; it went away after several weeks. I have been on this for four months.
Better than Lupron for side effects. I 'm not a smoker and I don 't have family history of blood clots, so this is a good pain control method for endometriosis &amp; pelvic pain.  Over 5 years my breast size got too big, so big my back is sore and I have 2 bulging discs.  Went from 36D to 36G.  Sex drive is fine, first month only is bad side effects (moody, moody, moody). lighter periods. lost 10 pounds over 5 years (not patch related, I 'm guessing). Happy with this drug except for breast size problem.
So far I would recommend taking this at night.  Instead of having insomnia it made me very sleepy.
I started taking atenolol (25 mg) right after Thanksgiving for heart palpitations. When I saw the Dr he said I had sinus tachycardia, but I also have severe panic disorder. I can tell a big difference. I will have a palpitation every now and then but my resting heart rate is down. I haven 't noticed that my anxiety is down so I still take my .25 xanax when I need it. I also haven 't noticed any side effects other than a little dizziness and a little chest tightness. Its kind of been a life saver because my palpitations would put me in a panic attack. I would recommend this to anyone that would benefit from it.
I 've been DM Type 2 for 15 years and in the last 2 years taking Levemir, Novolog and Janumet.  My last A1c was 9.1.  I started having abdominal upset and diarrhea from the Metformin in the Janumet, so my Doctor took me off of  Janumet  He started me on once weekly Trulicity (.75 mg) 2 weeks ago.  Already I 've seen significant changes in my blood sugars: 110-140 (fasting) and 85-170 (post meals). As a result, I 'm taking 1/2 the dosage of Levemir and less Novolog prior to meals.  I 'm hoping to come off insulin.  After starting Trulicity, I had some upper abdominal soreness and stomach cramping, but those symptoms have improved.  I have NOT had any diarrhea or nausea.  My appetite has decreased because I feel full all the time.  So far so good!
I took the Ella pill maybe 17hrs after unprotected sex around mid Nov 2015 I had a slight stomach ache but that 's it. two weeks later my period came on time (unlike the plan b which my period came 3 days early with that) but it was a normal 5 days period. Even in Dec2015 my period came on time but with minor cramps and I usually have painful cramps. Jan2016 my period came 6days late and last 9days a little heavier but still no cramps Feb2016 I didn 't have a period all month finally came March 9th and I 'm in the 13day in this cycle but not heavy at all, I guess it 's catching up. But still better than plan b which completely messed up my cycle and cause me to have low iron from heavy bleeding and blood loss
I have also used Lithium to control my cluster headaches. I usually start on a high dose of predinisone until the Lithium kicks in. It literally has been  a &quot;job&quot; and &quot;life&quot; saver.
If you are reading this the night before you are going to get skyla put in, STOP READING NOW. Every woman is different so how you react will more than likely not be the same as these horror stories you see on here. I made the mistake of reading these and I was so nervous for my appointment.  I 'll admit, the insertion was extremely painful but only lasted less than a minute. I was lightheaded and my legs were numb for about 5 minutes but I was able to drive myself home. I had some cramping afterwards but nothing too severe. Some ibuprofen every 4 hours made them go away. I got mine put in 2 days ago and my cramps have completely gone away. I 'm looking forward to seeing how this works for me! Don 't let the negative comments steer you away.
This is great for general anxiety. Calms you down fairly quickly and makes you &quot;zoned out&quot;, mildly sedated and definitely less anxious. Not as strong as a benzo and will not stop a panic attack, but is great for when you are feeling panicky or generally anxious. Another plus is that it is not addictive. Absolutely no withdrawal symptoms whatsoever. This DEFINITELY raises my resting pulse about 15 beats per minute and also raises diastolic blood pressure about 10 points even at a small dose. Even with these raises, mine is still within normal range, but just a word of caution.
Lexapro helped me in many ways back in 2009. I suffered with anxiety for awhile before I sought professional help. After many exhausting trips to urgent cares and emergency rooms, it was time to address my anxiety head on. After a trip to an urgent care in San Diego, a doctor prescribed me 10 0.25mg of Xanax. He said I should try it out to help ease my anxiety. Xanax worked wonders but I knew that it wasn 't safe for long term use. I eventually got a new prescription from my primary for a 30 day supply of 0.25mg of Xanax. I used it very sparingly and it took almost three months to finish the 30 day supply. My anxiety was still horrible and I was becoming too reliant on Xanax. I needed help fast! That 's when Lexapro changed my life.
This is my 3rd day being on Pristiq and I 'm not sure what to think about it yet. I 've been really nervous and antsy feeling. I 've also had some blurred vision. I 'm hoping these side effects will pass soon so that I can get the full benefit of this medication.
Very very happy. Only one shot a day &amp; this stuff is smooth. Don 't have to take as much apidra. Been taking it since 12/6/15 . Already reduced my total insulin intake from 48-50 units to just 40. Only take 30 Tresiba in morning &amp; if blood sugar is 70-100 hardly no need for apidra with my normal breakfast. Probably will slowly come down on Tresiba. This is a breakthrough.
I 've been on multiple different bc pills because I always end up getting breakthrough bleeding after 8 months or so. This pill I 've been on the longest 2 years and I just started experiencing the breakthrough bleeding 4 months ago. It would start around my second week of pills and I would begin with all the pms symptom first.. Swollen breast, bloating, mood swings... Then I would have spotting for a day or two.  The spotting would go away but the pms symptoms would stay until I got my period at the scheduled time. So the bloating and swollen, tender breast for 3 weeks out of the month got old so my doctor switched me to aleese. I 've yet to try it. But over all I didn 't have a bad experience with cryselle. I would highly recommend it.
My 10-yr old son has been taking 1 mg Abilify in the morning for the past 4 months.  He used to be prone to loud shouting, hitting, spitting, etc. at home, but now little things don 't bother him as much and he 's easier to reason with.  No side effects from this dose seem apparent so far.He 's also taking 36 mg Concerta for ADD symptoms which would otherwise keep him from functioning for more than a couple of hours in the classroom.  He 's also taking Depakote for seizure control.  He 's been seizure-free for 2.5 years now, and we are gradually reducing that dose to zero.  Eventually, we hope to reduce all these drugs to zero, one at a time.
I 'm glad to have read these reviews, because now I know why I 'm hungry all the time! I think about food all the time. I have never been that way. I 'm a healthy eater and gym junkie. So, I have gained weight, lost any sex drive (but I 'm not active anyway), and am a little irritable. But besides that, I have no other problems. I 'm using it for surrogacy, so they have me on my second pack in a row to skip my period which worked perfectly. The last pill did not stop it. Why cant I be one of the people who have lost weight on it? 
I have severe anxiety and have been taking Gabapentin for a week, gradually building up to 3 x 300mg a day. Within an hour of taking it I notice a heady, slightly drunk sensation and feel a little  'high ', but this passes and I 'm finding my thoughts are more organized, I have more energy and I can get more things done. Because I 'm more active during the day, I am sleeping better and longer at night. My heart is no longer continually racing, and my chest pains have diminished. Another good thing is that these tablets do not make you feel desensitized, or like a zombie. All in all I would say these are definitely working for me.
I normally take Miralax when I 'm constipated because it just softens my bowels and regulates me afterwards, but I couldn 't find any in the store so I bought Dulcolax for the first time. Well, I took two tablets at 11:30 at night thinking I would wake up late in the morning and use the bathroom no problem. No. At 4:30am I woke up and felt like someone was punching me in the stomach, and I thought I was going to vomit. I then had diarrhea, and then the &quot;peeing from my butt&quot; experience. 
Due to my highly irregular and heavy periods my doctor prescribed Loestrin 24 Fe. I 'm only on my 2nd week so some side effects right now are slight nausea, headaches and some light bleeding. They 're not unbearable either, very tolerable. I 'm off to a good start with this pill, it has actually already started to clear up my skin a little and so far I 've experienced no other changes like mood swings, bloating, weight gain etc. But I 'll have to wait and see I guess, so far though I really like it.
Only the brand Flomax works for me. After falling asleep on the seat a few times I switched to Flomax brand and it made all the difference in the world. If I DO wake up to pee, I pee. It 's like having a 30-year-old prostate (not 65). But I can pee, whee!
I started Celexa a little over a week ago for Generalized Anxiety, thought to be associated with my Irritable Bowel Syndrome-D. Doctors are still reluctant to associate moods/stress affecting your stomach and bowels, but I am a firm believer (after living my whole life with anxiety and IBS) that there IS a definite correlation. I am a 26 y/o female. I weigh 110 lbs. I was put on 10 mg and only took a half pill the first 6 days. Then I upped it to a whole pill. The initial 2 days, I had a migraine headache and insomnia at night and a restless/anxious feeling during the day. I would wake up in a panic with racing thoughts. Now it has gotten a bit better, but I don 't think I 've been on it long enough yet to experience definite anxiety help. Trying to stick with it!
I 've only been taking this for one month for premenstrual dysphoric disorder and haven 't even had my first period on it. So far I have felt generally more level and have found I have more energy. I take it at 10pm so any nausea is whilst I sleep. I have been waking at 5am but slowly things are improving on that front. I used to have joint pain with my PMDD and my knee joints don 't hurt anymore. I have gained 2 pounds but I have also been eating winter comfort food so it could be that! I plan to exercise now my energy is returning so hopefully I can start to lose all my pregnancy weight from 2 pregnancies.  So far so good - actually interested to see if my periods are lighter as they were awful before.
Leaves a big bruise
I have back pain due to an injury at work. I also have endometriosis and massive scar tissue from my 2 abdominal surgeries. I was having problems well over a year and when my husband decided to walk out my back started hurting more. My Doctor told me that depression can worsen pain. He gave me the Cymbalta 30mg and after one week I 'm supposed to up it to 60 mg a day. I am on my 4th day taking it. The first day I had the jitters and my heart beat was higher than normal. I also had almost no sleep that night. So I checked out reviews and found that you shouldn 't have caffeine with this prescription. Least to say 4th day no side effects but no coffee either so I 'm feeling pretty tired. Less pain but I 'm still sore and have tight muscles.
I have Sjrogren 's Syndrome which basically has the same symptoms as Lupus. The fatigue was really bad and I did not have a lot of quality time where I felt good. I have been taking some samples of Nuvigil and it has been great! I actually can get through the day and have a little energy when I get home. I hope it continues to work! I had a headache a little the first couple of days, but no side effects since then.
Been on it for two years. I was first put on it for both birth control reasons and to lessen heavy, long (5-7 day), painful periods. First couple months were hard - mood swings (crying, unreasonable anger) and my libido was no where to be found. Stayed on it and it got a lot better. No weight gain, and it is absolutely possible to lose weight on it (doesn 't cause you to plateau). I have unprotected sex on this pill with my long-term partner, no pregnancies or complications, period always comes at the same time every month with a light steady flow (2-5 days). Less cramps, bloating, and blood. Sex drive is fine now. As long as I take it at the exact same time each day, it works without issue.
I found this to be a wonderful muscle relaxant with very few, if any, negative side effects.  It worked well for me during many bouts of chronic back pain that kept me awake at night.  It did make me a little bit sleepy and dizzy, but nothing that bothered me very much at all.  At night, this wasn 't even a concern, but I could easily take it during the day at work and perform and feel fine.This isn 't exactly a &quot;pain&quot; medication but I did find that it worked almost as well for my particular back pain as the narcotic medicines I was also prescribed.
I was recently diagnosed with fibromyalgia earlier this year. I have taken everything under the sun and nothing has relieved my pain quite like Lyrica. It has been a miracle drug for me. I have not experienced any of the normal symptoms either. I take 50mg at noon and 50mg at night. It helps me sleep during the night and function during the day. Two thumbs up.
Post op pain medication was making me vomit.  After trying several pain meds, it was decided that I should take 8mg Zofran every 8 hours.The only side effect of this drug was difficulty passing urine after taking it for more than 3 days.  We cut it back to two Zofran daily and that seemed to take care of the side effect,
I am an alcoholic with severe anxiety and depression.  I am prescribed the max dose (1,200 mgs) 3x a day.  I find some relief, but not the same relief I am looking for when I take benzos like Klonopin.  I really only notice the effects of Gabapentin when I am not taking it, because I am a nervous wreck.  During the &quot;experience&quot; I might just be numbed to knowing how I feel, and I think this is the point of the medication.
I have neuropathy in my feet and slightly in my hands. Amitryptiline made my pain livable - still bad, but I could function. When I began taking Cymbalta along with the amitryptline, almost immediately the pain subsided and practically disappeared!  I no long take the Amitryptiline and Cymbalta keeps the pain to a low ebb, allowing me to sleep and join in activities I had long given up.  Doesn 't do a thing for my &quot;attitude&quot;, but being relatively pain free does make me happy.
I have been on this for 2 years.  It has shrunk my enlarged prostate so I no longer have discomfort, and I urinate a little less often at night.  Most importantly, I am able to postpone prostate reduction surgery.  Sexual side effects same as others have noted.  Now developing some breast tenderness.  I take this with an alpha blocker as well.
The side effect of slight nausea is worth the outcome.
I have mild acne with redness and blackheads.  I started using Epiduo Forte and it took only 2 weeks for my skin to look 100% better.  I used a VERY small amount (even less than a pea size to start). My skin did get dry but I moisturized a lot and then increased the amount to an actual pea size.  My skin, which is actually very sensitive, adjusted pretty well to this and I 'm very happy with the results.  Wait 20 minutes after you wash your face, to apply the Epiduo and then after applying it, wait another 20 minutes to moisturize.  This helps eliminate the burning sensation that might occur...it did for me.
It gives me heartburn and dizziness.  Makes me feel off-center.
I 'm 44 years old, I have 2 children and I don 't want anymore (my husband had vasectomy 6 years ago) and I went on the patch to see if it would help with my hot flashes and night sweats.  I still have my period and thought having a little control over it would be nice, so I decided to give it a try.  I 've been on it for 4 months and I haven 't had a hot flash or night sweat yet! I am so loving this patch!However there have been other issues.....The 1st &amp; 2nd month I didn 't experience any side effects. The 3rd month I had a period for 2 weeks even with the patch on and I lost 5 lbs.  And the 4th month I swear I 'm pregnant (but I 'm not), I can 't stop eating, my breasts are HUGE and sore. I hope this doesn 't last long, but again no hot flashes!
I haven 't gotten my period since the shot till now (about 3 years) I immediately started to lose weight. I weighed from 125lbs to 102lbs within the first two doses of Depo. My appetite was crazy!!! I ate twice as much. Mood swings weren 't that much of a deal. I experience slight spotting and hot flashes most of the time.
My 16 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD at age 4. We went through several meds at first and Concerta worked the best for him. He took the drug for 10 years increasing dosage when needed. Things seemed to be fine or at least better on the med than off. This last year he became impossible to live with. Argumentative (more than normal), irritable at home, mouthy and his grades were tanking! I initially chalked it up to regular teenagerhood! Then I had an inkling that maybe he needed to switch meds. He started taking Strattera on Monday and 4 days later is a different kid. PLEASANT is the first word that comes to mind. WOW, no arguments! No mouthiness! He left just now I said, have fun, I love you! He replied Love you too! Wha??? HAPPY MOM!!!
Have been taking Methadone, Zanaflex and Mobic for quite a while for both Fibromyalgia and Rheumatoid Arthritis.  Tried Neurotin but it knocked me flat, finally switched to Lyrica, but I am so medicine sensitive that can only take 25mg in a.m. and 50 mg. at night. It is helping, however I become groggy and have gained 20 lbs. The weight gain doesn 't help the Fibromyalgia, but the pain is unbearable so will take it.
It 's currently 6am and I am sitting on the toilet with the worst intestinal cramps I have ever had in my life due to these tablets. I have been unable to pass normally for about 3 weeks now, due to a haemorrhoid, and I was prescribed these by my doctor. I take 2 before bed in an effort to get me going. And get me going it does - but it also wakes me up 3 hours beforehand with horrendous pains in my stomach and gives me such bad diarrhoea that I 'm scared to get off the toilet. 
I take 10 mg daily. Started two weeks ago. I was on Zoloft for 3 years prior. The side effects are not as bad as Zoloft. I am still waiting for the full effects since my body is still not used to this medicine. It helps with my depression so far.
I start Qsymia five days ago and am down one pound.  I agree with other users that you do still want to eat, just the constant cravings are not there. I am most concerned about the drowsiness.  It is the only side effect I have had and I wonder how long it will last.  
So I am using the Kroger brand cost 6.36 (Dearborn Michigan). I like it no burning took the itching away immediately! Thank God it just feel weird with slammy stuff in my vagina.
I 've had Skyla for about three months and have three children. My body rejected a paraguard so I chose this even though I wanted to go without hormones. 1) Insertion: ladies, ask your dr. or midwife if they can forgo the clamps! That is supposed to be the most painful part so it is worth asking if they can insert without them. If your cervix is positioned in the right way, they should be able to and the insertion will be far less painful! 2) I spotted/bled for about 5 weeks afterward, it was a pain but tolerable. Mild acne and cramps, bloating and some constipation. In fact, this week has been the worst cramping yet, not sure what to think.
I have a very rare autoimmune neuromuscular disorder that causes many symptoms, including weakness.  I find that taking Nuvigil 150mg daily helps me with having a little bit of more energy and also improves my mood.  My cravings for carbs has decreased, which is good as I now eat foods that are better for me.   Luckily, my insurance has paid for it.
You have to keep taking this medicine forever. The withdrawl is awful after a day. However, once you find your dose everything is fine. I don 't recommend this medicine because its like a marriage with a messy long divorce. Its better to stay on it once youre on it. I am on 150 mg and it works for me. Don 't try and go off
I hate this medicine. Took for 10 days and did get my period the last day. 1st day was light but since than its been cramps that I can barely move &amp; heavy heavy bleeding. On day 6 and in the last 24 hrs, I 've leaked 3xs. Once was in an hr period from the last leak. It causes your period but be warned, it can be horrible. Was told to expect heavy but this is rediculous right now. On top of everything I 'm 27 &amp; having hot flashes from side effects, massive headaches while taking the meds, and pms which I never have.
When I began taking Mobic (7.5 mg twice a day) for my sciatica and lower back pain I felt like I was 10 years younger. I experienced  greater flexibility and generally felt good all over. However after a couple of months on this dosage I began to experience dizziness and shortness of breath.  My doctor found that I was very anemic due to blood loss somewhere in my body to the point where I had to be hospitalized and received 2 units of blood. I had no history of ulcers or other internal bleeding.In addition to taking the maximum dosage of Mobic I was also taking a baby aspirin once a day. My advice is to take as small a dose as possible for as short a time as possible and NEVER use when taking aspirin.
Its July 3, 2011 and I got the Mirena on February 25 2011. It did feel very uncomfortable when I got it but other than that I haven 't had any issues. I 'm still waiting in my periods to lighten up or go away but unfortunately I STILL have them. Not complaining too much because that reassures me that I 'm not pregnant. I 'm less sexually active compared to before I had it but not because I 'm not in the mood its just because I have not had time. I do not feel the strings but I 'm going to go and get a pelvic ultrasound to make sure its still there.
Today will be my last day using the 3 day suppository treatment. I bought store brand(Equate) and it doesn 't burn but does itch a little when starting to dissolve. The external cream that comes with it works wonders too. Trust me when I say that you need to go to Walmart and get their version of the Monistat 3 combo pack. It doesn 't hurt and I got relief in the first day.
I have been taking all brands of tramadol over the past 16 months and overall my experience has been positive. I have gallstones and suffer from acute cholecystitis often. I manage my pain with tramadol and dietary plan. The only bad side is tolerance builds quickly and withdrawal can get nasty after a few days.
I took Zoloft for a year and a half when I was younger. It lifted a very dark cloud and got me through a bad situation until the year was over and I could change situations. It put an extra 10 pounds on me even though I was extremely athletic. More recently I tried going on it again ten years later and it didn 't work. I 've heard that happening with this medicine before, it works once but may not work if you go on it a second time. So I credit it with helping me once but not something I could return to.
This worked fast and worked extreme. While it did help with the colon spasms it gave me severe diarrhea and abdominal cramping. I was waking in the middle of the night having to urgently use the toilet. This medicine does work, it 's just not for me.
If I take my temazepam about 15 minutes before I retire, and then actually go to bed, I get to sleep right away.  If I delay, and stay up for more than 1/2 hour, it seems to have no effect.
I 'm 36, have 1 daughter, 14 years old. I am recently divorced and my ex husband had a vasectomy.  I have not had to worry about birth control up until recently.  I am in a new relationship and I needed birth control.  I have several friends who have the Mirena and absolutely love it!  I got the Mirena early June, 2011. I was not on my period at the time, but I did start a week later as scheduled.  It was short, not too heavy, but I have been lightly bleeding ever since (almost a month straight)     It is more annoying than anything.  Everyone keeps telling me to give it another few weeks or so and it should stop altogether. If I keep bleeding, I don 't have to worry about pregnancy anyway. 
I have found that the initial &quot;once at bedtime&quot; dosage/300 mg of Neurontin helpful for the burning muscle pain that keeps me awake; however now that I am supposed to graduate to 300 mg/3 times per day, I am experiencing extreme nausea &amp; some vomiting.I am going to ask my rheumatologist, but is this normal?
Twice this year I have had a cold and used this product.  Both times, I took the two pills.  It cleared my head, but it left me feeling restless, and I suffered from insomnia.  I will try 1 pill the next time to see how I react.  Maybe 2 pills is too much medicine for me.
This worked wonders on my pneumonia.  I had pneumonia for 9 days, started Augmentin, and felt great after 3 more days.
The thing about birth control is that it affects everyone differently. Everyone has a different experience with different birth controls, because all of our bodies and personalities are different.  While some birth controls do contain similar stories, and that is a good indicator, it is truly a different experience for each individual, so try and find one what fits you best, you might have to test a couple out.
I have been on this for a few years and I 've always been very happy. However, my pharmacy has stopped carrying it so they switched me to Aviane. I took Aviane for two months and convinced my pharmacy to give me the last of their Lutera so I am back on that again. I don 't know if Aviane increased my sex drive or if Lutera was decreasing it, but there was a definite difference when I have switched back and forth. However, my periods are so light and so short on Lutera that I love it! Lower sex drive, but I can have sex more often, I 'll take that I guess!
Morphine is a very good pain medicine for chronic pain.
I switched from Effexor when Pristiq became available at the suggestion of my psychiatrist. Effexor was an improvement on my previous medication but I still suffered some anxiety and I experienced increased sweating. Pristiq seems to have reduced my anxiety levels and the sweating may have eased slightly and also, my mood improved. More recently I have also been prescribed dextroamphetamine (for ADHD), which improved my mood further, enabling me to halve my daily dose of Pristiq to 100 mg. I did this with the aim of reducing my sweating coming into summer (I am a resident of Sydney, Australia where the summers are typically hot and humid).
I have been on the Implanon for a little over a year, never had a period while using it. I did gain a good amount of weight but that was also from some other issues.  My emotions and everything are great. No sex drive whatsoever, that 's the downside. I still give it an 8! I am 21, the family planning place paid for the entire thing. And I get it removed for free!
Hardly could walk for 3 years. Been on it for 10 days walking with a lot less pain. Not sure if this medicine did it or higher power but loving life again. I say give a try.
After taking it for two months I noticed some hair loss and problems with my contact lenses. It only got worse after taking it for seven months. I 'm discontinuing it. I 'm losing too much hair and I want to go back to using my contact lenses.
So far it is working, very well.  It is curbing my desire to reach for more than one portion at a time. It is allowing me to eat less and think twice about what I am consuming.  The fatigue is present,  but you have to consider the drop in food intake and the medication. I am doing the atkins diet, taking supplements and exercising when I am able too. Headaches disappeared after the first day.  Definitely worth it for me.  Print out the coupon it will help to offset the expense of the medication.
I have been on Adipex-P for 1 week now and have lost 5 lbs. I have experienced loss of appetite, dry mouth, headaches, nausea, jitters, loss of memory and have a bad taste in my mouth. I 'm pleased with the weight loss but the side effects are bothersome so after I am done with this months supply I 'll stop. Starting weight 181 lbs.
I 'm 14. I started using prozac because I have OCD and anxiety. I am on day 4 with prozac and I feel like I 've lost all my emotions and I feel a bit dumb. It 's a wierd feeling. I really don 't know how this medicine will turn out but all I can say is that right now I feel worse than I probably ever could. I cried three times yesterday. Is this normal to feel dumb and feel so sad and anxious and why does the medicine do such a thing at first? I know that my body is trying to get used to it and all but I am really curious about how this medicine works (tecnically). What is it trying to do? and will it destroy my emotions???and will I have to use it for my whole life or smth?
I am now in my 10th week on Amnesteem &amp; my face is smoother than a baby 's bottom! I feel great. Super dry all over but it 's worth it!!!
Had to put up with 1 AM awakenings for the first few months on this medicine but it is good from anxiety/social anxiety.  No other side effects and seems helpful. 
Discovered I had the Shingles and the Dr. put me on Lyrica. 150 mg twice a day. Felt like I was drunk all day. That feeling decreased after a few days. This was in May, 2013. I had a hard time getting off of the first dose. I would experience shakiness and feeling unwell. I. Am finally getting off the second dose and it is Nov, 2013. Have to take a sleeping pill to sleep as I have severe insomnia without the Lyrica. It did help the nerve pain but hope I never have to take it again.
I was hesitant to try Chateal. Or any birth control really. In the past I have them to make my moods feel out of control and weight to fluctuate. Due to PCOS, I needed to take this. HOWEVER, I am starting my second month on this. So far the only side effects I have noticed are my breasts are swollen (like 2 cups larger) and tender. I had a headache the first week after I took it (I took it in evening to avoid any potential sickness) but the headaches went away after the first week. I do not notice any particular mood swings or weight gain.  Am also not pregnant which is great. I would recommend Chateal based on my current results.
Has been a very good drug for my asthma.
This was recommended by my doctor to help with abdominal pain I was having because of a UTI. Every time I take this it increases the pain substantially for 30 minutes or more. After that the pain subsides though it 's certainly not gone. Time to try some other pain killer.
I was on Zovia for about 4 years. I always took it on time. I never had any side effects. My periods only lasted about 4 to 5 days. The periods were pretty normal and no cramps. I missed one dosage and got pregnant. Granted it was my mistake. I recommend this drug to anyone as long as you don 't forget to take it.
About 1.5 years ago, I had a very serious, nearly fatal skiing accident. The six months following my experience, I found myself petrified to drive, extremely nervous and plagued by nightmares. My anxiety eventually lead to depression - I lost all confidence, became extremely self critical and was highly dissatisfied with my life. Exercise and &quot;positive thought&quot; helped, but did not restore me to my previous self. I began taking 5mg of Lexapro about 11 months ago; I still get nervous, excited, happy, angry, sad - but now the feelings of sadness and anxiety do not overwhelm me. I feel like myself again!I have noticed a few side effects - dry mouth, some indigestion, periodic trouble sleeping (1x/month) and some trouble with orgasm.Not to bad!
I loved the implanon! I got it put in Dec of 2012 and the only side effect I really noticed was that i started sweating more. Other than that I only gained about 5 pounds.  The only problem I 've had with the birthcontrol is the removal. I just got it removed Nov 24, 2015. My doctor had to pull to get it out, I bruised pretty badly and I did a replacement rod in a the same time. About 3 days later I started to have a pain run down the length of the inside my arm to my elbow. Its progressively gotten worse. Its now about 6 inches from my hand. I had to get the replacement removed and have to wait until the bruising heals. I can 't extend my arm fully and line from where the BC was to almost my hand is super painful.
Lyrica is one of the first meds I was put on. I am after 14 years of experience taking and experiencing the withdrawals of the Lyrica when I didn 't have the money to buy it and couldn 't get it free because I was on Medicare.The meds work great with other meds
I recently switched from Xanax to Klonopin for panic disorder. Klonopin does help me get through the day but doesn 't totally eliminate my anxiety. I like the fact that I don 't get heavy rebound anxiety on Klonopin (as I did on Xanax) due to its longer half life. Overall quite long lasting, pretty effective, but in the crisis of a panic attack a Xanax is 1000X better for getting through it.
When I used Benzaclin paired with a salicylic acid face wash and/or cream my face would become dry, red, and the breakouts more severe. Murad was the worst offender, Clinique Acne Solutions also offered no relief. As a last resort I bought a Mia face brush and used simple Cerave foaming face wash with it, along with spot treating with Benzaclin using a qtip. For the first time EVER my face is 99 % clear. Routine: a) wash face with Mia and Cerave Foaming Cleanser b) apply Benzaclin with qtip where needed c) wait 5 mins for it to soak in and apply light moisturizer d) PM: sleep or AM: apply makeup on top.  I am a 25 year old female with combination fair skin.
My doctor gave me a mix of 2 meds so I don 't have the expense of Contrave. I am happy with the results. Taking Welbrutrin sr 150 MG and 4 mg Natrexone twice a day. Which is the same as or very similar to the Contrave. I have had no side effects. I feel a slight kick in when I first take it in the morning, which give a slight feeling of well being. I do not have increased energy and I can eat ok. I DO NOT get cravings for fast food like I did before. I find eating healthy easier.  Before I started I  loved drinking beer and admit it contributed to my weight. I DO NOT have a problem with passing on the beer now. I am not shaky or loosing my hair. Been on for 1 month only. I have lost 10 lbs. and started out weighing 219. I am 5 ' tall and 42. no exercise.
I have suffered from several types of vertigo. I was advised by my doctor to use exercises by lying down and turning my head in different positions for a period of weeks. I tried this and they made me sicker immediately and didn 't improve long term. I have been using meclizine for forty some years it is the only thing that allow me to function when the vertigo is on a rampage.
My doctor prescribes it for use before a colonoscopy procedure.  This medicine is excellenr for its intended use. BUT the directions should be customized depending on person weight. I took the first dose with no problem because I had other liquids at the stomach. I am about 137 # and when I drink ithe second dose during the morning it cause me nausea and during taking the last portion, I started vomiting  and I thought I would not be able to have the study. I continue to take the water as indicated. Nevertheless I had about three hours in the bathroom and The colonoscopy was performed without problems. I suggest that the manufacturer should study a better method to drink it; evaluate if could be taken more diluted.
I was on the shot about 2 years ago, it  did in fact add on a few pounds but it was effective.. I spotted for about 20 days and I was gucci. I never went back for a second shot due to my financial situation but it kept me infertile for an additional 10 months( not complaining, it was great). I just recently went back to get the shot again... It all depends on you! And p.s it heightened my sex drive. To each it 's own
An overall good BC pill.  It has helped tremendously with facial acne.  I have also noticed an increase in scalp hair growth while on this pill.  The only side effects I have experienced are low libido and absence of a cycle (which may be a plus for some users).  Due to the aforementioned cycle absence I have stopped taking this pill for a few months at time to induce a monthly menstrual cycle.  I think the pros of this pill definitely outweigh the cons.  Good pill to try if you are having problems with heavy cycles and/or acne.
I just recently started taking Victoza in August 2017 I am on my 2nd pen. I like that my sugars are no longer 495 or higher I am actually in the mid 100s. I started out on the 1.8 dose not the lower like I have read everyone did but I started out taking trulicity but my insurance wouldn 't pay for it.  Yes I have had the bloating, cramps, god awful smelling and tasting burps, no appetite and i have had weight loss. I cannot stand the sight of smell of food half the time and have to force myself to eat. I lost 6 lbs in the 1st week and a half. But I am happy with what it is doing for my sugars just wish there was a way to get rid of the burps. P.S Tums help a lil bit. Thank you all for your comments they have made me a lil less nervous
I have arthritis in feet, right knee, both hands, and right elbow. When both Vioxx and Bextra were taken off the market I had to turn to Vicodin to relieve pain, but was so afraid of addiction I did not take it very often. Then doctor tried me on Meloxicam. It 's much easier to function, does a great job on the swelling, and an adequate job on the pain for the most part. No side effects, and still not as good as Vioxx, but it 's better than over the counter, and better than an opiate.
I started saxenda on August 17, 2017. My initial weight at the doctor 's office was 229lb. My starting dose was 0.6 mg and now I 'm at 1.8 mg. I 've been on the medication for about 1 1/2 months and lost 16 lbs. I have very little side effects, but I do take my dose at night. I 've noticed I 'm not hungry in the mornings but force myself to eat. However, by the time the afternoon hits I am extremely hungry. I 've been trying to stick to a 1200 calorie diet, making healthier choices. There are days I get off track. I haven 't exercised much. I 'm going to stick with it and see what happens. I know it 's not a miracle cure, but a weight loss tool....I was hoping for a more drastic weight loss.
I 've had skyla about 2 months now and I love it! My only issue is that my first 2 days of my period I get aweful cramps but the doctor said those will subside in a few months. Also, when I have to poop really bad I 'll start to cramp too, but once I go then they go away haha
Suffer from anxiety and panic attacks since I was a young woman.  I 've been on many different meds.  Have landed in the ER six times in my life thinking I was having a heart attack as these mirror each other in symptoms.  Have taken Paxil for 15 years.  When I landed in the ER again six weeks ago my Paxil was raised to 60 mgs.  I saw  doc in a follow up and we decided to try Wellbutrin...the generic.  I have been slowly going off Paxil, as you must do, and starting the Wellbutrin.  It is now fours weeks and I am up to 200 mgs of Wellbutrin and down to 20 mgs of Paxil.  ONE MORE WEEK and I am done.  Wellbutrin does have some side effects, I.e., dizziness, Wausau, dry mouth..otherwise I have been doing pretty well.  Time will tell.
Last year I started taking Sprintec. At first I loved it. There were no side effects for probably the first 6 months. After that if I took it more than an hour late I would feel so depressed. Around month 4 I stopped getting my period when I skipped my inactive week which was nice. However, after about 5 months without my period I started cramping really bad and felt super bloated which made me think I was pregnant. I wasn 't thankfully. I decided to start taking my inactive pills when I needed so I 'd have my period. Overall, Sprintec is great when I give my body that week long break from it. Otherwise, I cramp, bloat &amp; have migraines. Considering switching to one where I can skip my period but its pretty cheap so I 'll probably stick with it
Works good for muscle spasms and helps you to relax enough to sleep when in bad pain.
I was prescribed Baclofen 5 years ago for BFS and chronic fatigue. Helped a great deal with the fatigue, but didn 't stop the fasciculations in my legs and feet. I 'm still taking 5mg, three or four times a day.
My bf came in me right before my period was due so just to be safe I took this had cramping. 2 days after I took the pill he came in me again which was stupid. My period was 4 days late but it came! This wasn 't my first time taking it it works.
I 've been on it for a 3 months and I use to be very wet during sexual Intercourse with my husband and now I am not able to get wet at all. We have to use lube and sexual Intercourse is very painful during the first 2 minutes it feels like I 'm a Virgin all over again.. my husband likes it but it 's a hassle for me. I do like the fact that I can take it out when I need to. Other side effects I have are tiredness , loss of appitie, and uterine cramps.. otherwise  I love it. We haven 't had any issues as far as it not working.
I 've been using Alli for two weeks.  I lost 2 pounds the first week and 2.2 pounds the second week.  I 'm also doing weight watchers.  But I 've been doing weight watchers for several weeks without much progress.  Not weight watchers fault...all my fault.  As soon as I added the Alli, the pounds started coming off...I did not change my diet from the previous weeks. I do make an effort to make good choices...just not always successful.  Not to beat a dead horse as I think the side effects have been well documented...but be prepared for them if you eat higher amounts of fat. Besides the uncontrollable expulsion of orange globs of fat....the smell is vile.  If you can smell it...so can everyone else.
It makes me tired
After over a year of taking, my skin stays clear and weight had dropped a little (nothing major though, and I 'm 20). However, my husband noticed decreased sex drive and dryness, and I have to add pre-menstrual migraines, resistant to over the counter painkillers, which has never happened before. It 's probably because of the amount of estrogen in it.
Every review I see on this birth control is horrible. I 've had it in for almost 5 maybe 6 months and its been GREAT. I used to have a very heavy period.. Now I 've only had 2 periods and they was so light all I had to wear was a panty liner. I don 't understand why people say all these bad things? And about the weight gain that was my BIGGEST concern. I weighed 117- 120 before the implant. I 'm 17 years old btw. Now I weigh about 109 - 110. So I lost a good couple pounds. And about the mood changes. None from not really having a period anymore my mood has been fantastic. And my sex drive has gone way up because of the difference. I just took my big sis to go get the implant a week or so ago. Getting it put in dose not hurt at all. ITS GREAT!
Taking it at 100 mg.  Didn 't like the dizzy feeling.  Started taking it at night, much better but I feel it building up in my system over time.  I wish I could take half or 3/4 as much but it is not available in those doses.  I have absorption issues and the liquid form is great except I can 't cut it in half.  I do like what it does for my thinking, digestion, emotions etc  but over time irritability, heavy-dreaming, pregnant-like feeling build-up.  I am a small woman about 110lbs, 5 feet and wish smaller doses were available.  A little bit goes a long way.
This is my first birth control pill, I 'm 24 and have been on Lo Loestrin Fe for about a little over a year now. The only TERRIBLE side effect I 've gotten from this pill is a horrible sweet tooth. When I first started taking it I just wanted to eat chocolate and I gained about 10lbs. Other then that, Sometimes I don 't get a period, sometimes I do and its anything from a dot to light bleeding for 4 days. Varies month to month. I don 't have any spotting between periods, my sex drive is in overload so it doesn 't dry you out or anything. I really love this pill just cost a lot with my insurance but to me its worth it.
For four months, I have suffered from constant cramps, 24/7. My doctor finally took an ultrasound and found two very large cysts. One was filled with blood. He explained to me this is why I am in so much pain. I also have been experiencing other symptoms. Thinning hair, low back pain/throbbing, nausea, ill feeling, facial hair, etc., etc. I went back in and he finally put me on birth control pills. I am 37 and taking birth control pills for the first time. I am almost two weeks into taking them and to my relief I have not suffered any bad side effects, but it 's still early. I can only hope that this is a good sign. And I can only hope that my pain will subside and my cysts will dissolve. I have my fingers crossed. Wish me luck!
I am only on Plaquenil a month now for primary Sjogren 's Syndrome having been diagnosed in Jan 2014.  So far I am feeling much better in that I am sleeping so much better.  Before taking medication I would wake 5/6 times a night and found it difficult to go back to sleep now I only wake up once and go back almost immediately.  This is thefirst thing that I have noticed and I know it is very early days as my Rheumatologist said it can take 2 months before any results.
You can go to qsymia website to get a discount. This is my third day on my try period. I paid zero dollars for my first two weeks due to the discount found on the website. I am excited 
Yesterday was Day 14 of my Zyclara treatment. Using it on my forehead where there was a previous basal cell, and on my chest where I currently have a basal cell. I decided to do the whole top of my chest. Wow, I have many actinic keratosis. It 's really scary. No real bad side effects other than the swelling and rawness on my chest. Forehead, found 1 AK, appears to be working. I have been experiencing some lower back pain, as I did when I used the Carac Cream. Wondering if this is a side effect or not? I hope this works! Will be doing Carac again in the winter on my cheeks. 
Had the Skyla placed at my 6wk postpartum check up. It was slightly uncomfortable but no different than when I had my Para guard placed 8yrs before. My Dr. recommended giving Skyla a try because I have a heart shaped uterus and had experienced problems with the Para guard. The skyla is a smaller IUD. Her belief was if I really wanted to try an IUD the smaller style of device could be the ticket due to the shape of my uterus. Yes I cramped a little that day, and off and on the next day. I spotted constantly for the first 3 months. I have noticed losing weight to be difficult but who knows if its the device or some other cause. I have noticed I am more irritable and I have decreased sex drive. Anyone else experience these problems?
I only started this yesterday and today I already can feel that things are easier to deal with!! I 'm looking forward to feeling somewhat normal.
I 've been on this for about 8 months so far. I take 300mg at bed time. It helps with sleep, but I do feel a bit tired during the day. This has really reduced my mania. I used to argue with people until I was literally foaming at the mouth, but now I lose interest in arguments within 5 or 10 minutes. Twitter and news used to upset me and I 'd get ampted up about stories, but that 's gone away mostly. Now I can react to things that used to make me furious with a laugh or just a short discussion with someone. Seroquel 's not perfect, but the weirdness and intensity I used to experience has gone. It also helps greatly with my IBSd. I haven 't had any weight gain, but my diet is low-fat and limited. Seroquel is MUCH better than TCAs btw. Good luck!
I have had chronic OCD for the last year and a half. I tried hundreds of different kinds of medication, and it 's safe to say none of them worked.After five days of Anafranil, I started seeing multiple improvements.  As more days passed, the level of improvement only increased.Unfortunately, it 's not without side effects.I don 't eat properly, I don 't sleep for more than five hours, my body trembles and I feel terribly weak, but I have this theory hat maybe these side effects play an important role in forcibly stopping you from performing compulsions.
Well I 'm back again and have now been on quetiapine for three years. During that time I 've had no major problems. In fact I 've been stable enough for my doctors to agree to me having a gastric bypass to deal with my weight issue and have now lost 7 stone and have more confidence than ever before. Quetiapine helps me get to sleep but doesn 't knock me out for as long as before. I average 8 hours per night, but still tend to have an afternoon nap. The gnawing anxiety only returns for short periods when under a lot of stress. The downside to quetiapine? I wonder if it makes me unable to empathize. My dad died recently and I 've coped far too well. life is a nice warm cosy blur. But the alternative was torture for years.
I first got on the ring when I was 16 then got off when I was 18. I loved it! It made my skin the best it 's ever been in my life and I had no weird side effects like mood swings and depression. I think it actually made me less depressed. The only thing was it did make you gain about ten pounds, which is why after two years I went off it. The weight dropped off immediately after I stopped using it. I 'm 20 now and I 'm considering using it again. Just have to watch what I eat and stay at the gym an extra half hour I guess!
Not sure if people actually get the purpose of this medicine. This medicine is to fight the flu and shorten it by 1.3 days, this medicine will not cure the flu over night. After just finishing my second dose, I can say you have to take this medication with food. I took without food and felt nausea within 15 minutes. Felt a lot better after forcing myself to eat. As far as how well its working I can say this is my 4th day of the flu and my symptoms are slowly residing. Still feel god awful but its reassuring to know something is trying to kick this flu 's butt
Severe lower back pain. Took my first dose last night. The caffiene in it, kept me awake all night. Took another dose this morning. The caffiene makes my heart feel like it 's beating out of my chest..the codiene in this medicine did help my back pain..I eat before I take it, because it does upset my stomach.. I will be talking to my doctor about switching to something else. I 'd just rather have plain old hydrocodone ....no caffiene .....
I have been on Seasonique for about three years. I was totally unaware of all the different side effects that women have been experiencing (such as the hair loss, etc.) In general I am rather happy with this pill. I rarely ever spot, my skin has not changed, my weight has not changed, and neither has my hair. However, over such a long period of time-- now that I think about it I don 't really know if my hair, weight, and skin have changed due to Seasonique or the fact that I am no longer 19. Overall I like the pill very much since having fewer periods is always, always a good thing in my book. However I literally feel as though I have become an asexual due to my VERY little sex drive, which at 22, should be kicking.
This drug decreased my hot flushes by 2/3.  I figured it would be 100% but that was probably an unreasonable expectation. I 've gone from 8-12 a day to 2-3.  I 've suffered hot flushes since 1998 and the past 6 months they have only gotten more frequent and very annoying.  My husband says I 'm nicer to live with after taking Effexor, so now I realize I really was irritable from the lack of sleep and night sweats this past year.  I tend to forget names or words more frequently but am not sure if the foggy brain has another cause. 
I 'm 20, 5 '5 , and 155 pounds. While taking Errin I finally stopped getting my period and got my appetite back. I was on the combination pill which made me nauseous , tired and in the end I constantly kept spotting and getting my period along with worsened cramps. HOWEVER while taking Errin I have gained two or three pounds so far and my skin is breaking out. I 'd like to say on the bright side I don 't get a period but.. let 's me honest I 'd rather be off birth control. I 've been on Errin for 1 month and one week. Good luck ladies
As far as birth control goes, yes it is effective. But the positives end there. I have been taking this pill for over 5 months now, and the side effects have been miserable. I constantly feel bloated and have gained weight. My breasts have grown a cup size, which is kind of okay but it just adds to the feeling of bloatedness. My periods have lost some of the cramps, but this pill does not make them any shorter. The worst side effect of all though has to be the mood swings. Before taking this pill, I was a very calm, emotionally stable person. Not anymore. I cry often and easily, and worst of all, I angrily snap on my loving boyfriend over ridiculous things. It has seriously put a strain on our relationship. I am switching ASAP.
I originally started out on solely Prozac for depression. I noticed a moderate amount of difference and because of my lack of focus (after a few months of adjusting to Prozac), my psychiatrist gave me the option of combining Prozac with Wellbutrin. The first time around it really wrecked havoc on my GI and I found out that is extremely rare. I took a couple months off of the Wellbutrin and went back to Prozac alone. About 9-10 months ago, I started back on the duo and I have had zero problems since. No side effects and I have actually noticed quite a significant difference when taking it before bed. I wake up extremely energized. I have never been on Wellbutrin alone, but I can safely say this combination has been fantastic in the AM/PM.
I 've had cold sores my entire life. I have been on prescription pills to keep the cold sores from becoming too bad! Then I found Abreva. It works so well with the pills. I use it on the first sign a cold sore. I also put some rubbing alcohol on a Q-tip and apply it on the first sign. This usually stops the blister from ever occurring! I would buy Abreva again.
I took this pill about 5 hours after sex. It was easy to purchase over the counter. I was very nervous to take it after reading about side effects.The day if I had almost no side effects.A few days later I started developing very sore breasts and feeling a bit nauseated. Very mild nausea but noticeable.I bled about a week before my expected period. Then again for a few days when I expected my period. Then about a week later I started bleeding again very heavily and it lasted over a week. When the last &quot;period&quot; started my nipple soreness stopped, but nausea, cramping, and abdominal pain all increased. It 's finally getting better.It worked - not pregnant, but definitely messed up my hormones and my cycle a lot.
*Not pregnant *I had unprotected sex October the 2 my partner did not finish inside me but ethier way you should never have unprotected sex : I learned my lesson so I took plan b 3 days after and I was stressing out so much I stopped eating that every morning after I took the pill I threw up stomach bile it was my worst nightmare and I started waking up before my alarm even hit and woke up every morning with a abnormal heart beat which I think was just all my anxiety and me not eating right and keep in mind I 'm already skinny about 118 pounds  after a week from taking the pill I bled at first is was brown the night before it started and then the next morning it went heavy bright red for 4 days but my period was due in 2 weeks and came again
I had a clonidine patch to help me withdraw from oxycodone (as prescribed for foot/ankle surgery). The patch helped with that, and my doctor continued to prescribe it for a year, as he felt it would take that long to truely recover. He also treats me for ADHD (it is used in conjunction with stimulants sometimes), but after a year we dropped it. It 's stabilizing I guess.
I have been on Cymbalta now for almost a year and I feel great. The downside is the isomnia but no other side effects.
I started the sample pen on April 21st. I am down 12 pounds but haven 't lost any in the last 7 days. On Monday May 9th I had strong chest pains while walking to the car ..... It felt like a giant elephant was sitting on my chest, my husband called 911 and I was brought to the hospital. I reported I was on saxenda but no one said much about.... My heart was healthily n they told me to follow up with my gallbladder. I took my 1.2 dose Monday and none Tuesday cause I read online about gallstones.... Has anyone had any problems like this????
I got prescribed 50mg of the generic vistaril and took one. Woah. It knocked me out so bad and then all the next day I had a hangover feeling.I now take 12.5mg and now it helps me sleep but I still have a major hangover feeling the next day and want to just sleep and sleep.
I took imovane for 2 months earlier this year to help with insomnia caused by anxiety from a health scare. It worked great in putting me to sleep in minimal time. The taste wasn 't ideal but not a big issue, and I had no other side effects. But on stopping my underlying anxiety increased. I recommend it more for occasional use to avoid psychological dependancy.
I was suffering extreme anxiety, weight loss and insomnia due to a diagnosed medical condition.  I tried several sleep aids and SSRIs.  Nothing worked.  Because of the weight loss I was prescribed Remeron.  It was a Miracle for me!  I slept through the night for the first time in months, relieved anxiety and I started gaining weight.  Over time, my anxiety went away, but I stayed on because I loved having an appetite (I had no appetite for years).  I guess I stayed on too long.  After 6 years I decided I should get off.  I was dependent. I suffered flu like symptoms for weeks--nausea, exhaustion, gastrointestinal upset, feeling like low-grade fever.  I finally got rid of the nausea, but if I 'm off for 2 weeks, the gastrointestinal upset creeps in.  I now take 3.25mg 1X week.
Effexor has been good for my work life, it has given me energy to get things done, and to not stress as much about anything, including social interactions. It sort of numbs my emotions which has been good because I usually cry easily, and get easily bitter. I don 't get overIy happy tho. I also like how I don 't feel like I 'm on a drug, my mind isn 't cloudy. I have trouble when it comes to working on projects at home, projects I used to work on so easily now stress me out just thinking about the process of it all. I have an unusually strong urge to bite my nails, crazy dreams (which is fine), lethargic. Appetite fine except when changing my dose.
Let me start by saying I have not had paragard long just a few days over a month now. Insertion was fine. I took 4 ibuprofen an hour before my appointment. I wouldn 't say it was painful but it was awkwardly uncomfortable because the feeling is like nothing you 've ever felt. I did have spotting after. The cramps were terrible about 6 hours later. I was rotating between tylenol and ibuprofen an it still felt like the early contractions I had when I had my daughter. I had these off and on the first couple wks. But now I can 't feel it and hubby does ';t feel it during sex so its been so far so good.
I 'm updating; it has now been a month with Kyleena.. Insertion was really the least of my worries and it went over painful, but very fast. My period started 3 days after insertion and lasted about 4 days - very light and no cramps at all (usually I 'm cramping quiet heavy!). But ever since I experience spotting, very light, only noticeable when wiping but still, I really hope this will stop soon. I haven 't noticed any other side effects, but I will for sure track my weight and see how my Skin changes. I 've already gotten my sex drive back, which I completely lost with the nuva ring. Now only the spotting has to stop and I 'm totally happy with this IUD.
After 125 standard allergy tests and told &quot;no reaction&quot; I was pronounced as having &quot;chronic non-allergic vasomotor rhinitis&quot;. I truly believe that my biggest problem was from corticosteroid nasal sprays prescribed, but never overused. I 've found phenylephrine has helped in a variable increased dose. When the wind blows primarily in the fall, whatever is out there causes my problem. If I take 2 10mg to start my day, I 'm in good shape with the regular dose the rest of the day.
I just finished my first month on this pill and so far so good. I was on Tarina fe 1/20 but it broke me out HORRIBLY so my doc switched me to trinessa. No weight gain, no stomach pains, no increase in acne AND no baby. Hopefully in a few months it 'll clear my skin. A lot of ppl are saying this pill made them gain weight, I actually lost some &amp; my boobs got a teeny bit fuller (not much tho). Without ins I pay $20 per pack at PP.
Works great if you have flank pain from kidney stones/Polycystic Kidney Disease!
I switched to Nuvaring after getting off of Implanon(It was great except I experienced bone pain and lengthy irregular periods-about 3 weeks long). Its been about 9 months and I enjoy knowing when my period is due to come and it does like clockwork! I enjoy that I don 't have to take a pill everyday either. The one annoying thing about this birth control is that if it is not pushed up in the right position that it will slip down. It doesn 't hurt or anything but I can feel the slight pressure. It 's uncomfortable more than anything. During sex, I just take it out and put it back in within 3 hours as directed. My boobs have exploded on my chest but I guess that is not such a bad thing! I haven 't experienced any other symptoms.
I 've been taking Invega for almost two years. It does wonders for my concentration. I went from being unable to drive, cook or take care of myself to being able to live a normal life. I work, function normally socially, drive and pretty much do whatever I want. I didn 't notice that the Invega helped much with the depression. I take Effexor for that, and it is great. I spend most of my time being content now, which is wonderful. My biggest complaint about the Invega is that it does nothing to stop the hallucinations. The only side effects I had were blurred vision and orthostatic hypotension (dizziness upon standing). Both went away after 7-10 days. I have to say that the withdrawal symptoms are unpleasant (dizziness, seizures, jitteriness.)
After having lower stomach cramps without diarrhea for two days, I started taking this medicine morning. It has stopped the cramps and I have not had any known side effect as of yet. I took this medicine two years ago for a bad stomach flu and it saved me from laying rolled up in a ball in bed. Every adult should keep some of this medicine in their home and carry it when you travel. Thanks you for the relief!
I just started phentermine today. My whole life I 've been skinny. I 've had two kids and still managed to get down to a size 8. Long story short I was on pain killers for 5 years  straight got taken off of them abruptly,  had a seizure , got on suboxone for the withdrawal of pain killers now I am 5 '4 240 pounds. I have everything I need done for gastric bypass surgery but I have to do 4 months of behavior therapy so I am trying the phentermine to see if I can lose weight and then maybe I won 't have to get surgery.  I got off the suboxone a year ago when I was 200 pounds and gained 40 more. I can 't stand up for more than 15 minutes without severe blinding back pain. Long story longer I now have high blood pressure.  3 fractures in my back.
I 'm on the second week. I have lost 8 lbs but I am going to stop taking it. I can 't deal with the nausea and feeling sick all the time. I had to leave work one day last week because the nausea just kept getting worse. I think this medicine works but for me the results don 't outweigh the side effects.
I was prescribed Topamax as a Migraine preventative and experienced just about every side effect. I started 25mg/day at night for 7 days, moved up to 75mg after 3 weeks and remained there. Within 48 hours I was didn 't have a headache at all, but was experiencing side effects of tingling fingers, no appetite and change in taste of foods/carbonated beverages. I did have a  hard time concentrating, I 'd get confused and would randomly slur words. I weighted 120-ish when I started and within a few months, was 110 or less. I did work out and noticed no matter how hard I pushed, I didn 't sweat and randomly got dizzy. Side effects are no joke, but you adjust after  a few weeks.
Took medication wasn 't made aware of the bad taste so I immediately vomited my first dose.  Had to call doctor for another fill as they advised it important to take twice for the whole 7 days.  I bought some fruit roll ups to wrap them when it was time to take and this allowed me to take the medication and keep down so that it may work as intended.  This is a trick I suggest if you find yourself having trouble to get it down as the medication alone will begin to dissolve as soon as it hits your mouth.
Allegra-D 24 hour has been the best thing for clearing my chronic rhinitis. However, I 've also been suffering from excessive daytime sleepiness and am wondering if taking this in combination with Lexapro (for anxiety) is causing it.
I started taking lexapro for anxiety associated with over analyzing everything.. parents separating.. and getting engaged. The side effects the first couple of weeks included nausea, dizziness, headaches and wide awake feeling at night. The pros: took away the thoughts running through my mind.. blushing.. helped even out all of my emotions.  The CONS: I stopped lexapro in December  before I wanted to get pregnant and 1 week later I had a massive migraine (never had one) and lost my ability to speak.. see.. it was awful.. rushed to the ER thinking I had a stroke.. everything came back fine. Just remember if you plan on getting off before pregnancy.. give yourself a good few mths. The withdrawls are a NIGHTMARE!!! Dizziness, nausea.,headaches
So I 've only been on this pill for a month. Before this, I was on Yasmin for a month, and before that, I was on Junel Fe for 4 months, and before that, Lo Loestrin Fe for 2 months. I know it 's still pretty early, but so far it is a great pill. On Yasmin, I was a monster. My temperament is usually very laid-back and carefree, but I was an emotional, depressed mess. After switching to Apri, it almost feels like an antidepressant for me. I 'm in such a happy, good mood all the time. So far, I 've only gotten sad one day the week before my period week, where I cried a little, but nothing compared to last month on Yasmin. So far no weight gain either, my skin hasn 't broken out on this, and my boobs are getting bigger (plus for me, being an A cup).
I had anxiety that I consider inexpressible. It was as bad as it can get. I took Xanax and it amplified my depression substantially, which increased my anxiety. Seeking a long term treatment rather than an addictive short term relief, I was prescribed Vistaril 50mg. This is a drug similar to Benadryl, but a bit stronger. It is nonaddictive, and DOES fight the anxiety without the side effects of Ativan/Xanax. This WILL NOT kill the anxiety alone. You must be on an SSRI such as Lexapro for this drug to fully combat GAD. I urge everyone to try this drug. There are no risks, and it may help you.
I took Crestor 10 mg for more than 10 years. It did an excellent job reducing my LDL. But, through years I developed joint pains, which doctors cold not explain. Once a friend told me my joint pain could be a result of Crestor, so to test it out I stopped taking it and sure enough only in few months no more pain in any of my joints for the past 1 year, since I have stopped taking Crestor.
New reports are claiming Ultram to be highly addictive - the FDA must have decided that the drug works to well and it is too cheap so they put out these reports.I have never feltanything that would make me addicted except pain relief that enables me to perform my daily tasks.  People need to speak up quickly. My Doctor has decided he wants me to try Elavil which caused rapid weight gain and Cymbalta or Celebrex (very expensive - hmmm!) which caused sexual dysfunction and I felt like a zombie.
My doctor put me on Bactrim and Aczone. Together this works wonders! I suffered from somewhat severe acne until this. I started taking it..the first 2-3 weeks I flared up but once the fourth week hit, my face was completed clear. I would strongly recommend this to anyone who has acne problems.
I have COPD.  Experienced an exacerbation of the condition one evening.  Went to ER.  Coughing, shortness of breath and difficult breathing.  I was given a Nebulizer treatment with the medication Albuterol Sulfate in ER and sent home with a Nebulizer machine to do the breathing treatment 2 x daily, AM and PM.  Also, given 2 Prednisone before leaving ER with prescription for 14 tabs taken at various intervals until gone. I really felt great, full of energy, but as down to last of the medicine, feeling very achy all over, rather flu like.  I know it is going off the Prednisone, as have taken it before some time ago, and you just kind of &quot;crash&quot; when you stop.
I just had Mirena inserted a few days ago. The insertion was not as painful as I had expected, mainly uncomfortable. I had it put in as a reliable contraceptive after my first baby was born. My OB told me numerous times that the mirena is recommended for women who have already had children. I have no complaints about it so far. There was some pretty bad cramping after it was first inserted for maybe 10 minutes. But that 's kind of a given considering something is being placed into your cirvix hole..
Had a bout of awful Strep Throat , pain in my left side of throat as well as left ear , excruciating pain for me to swallow! Doc first prescribed Naproxen , didn 't do nothing for me except make me want to vomit and stay nauseous after I 'd even try to eat something, prescribed me some Tylenol 3 with codeine and within 30 mins of having a moderately somewhat full tummy I feel the great effects of it already, less pain, but will be using until my Strep has cleared and pain has gone so we will see if the effect still lasts after a few days!
So far I have been on Victoza for three weeks now, at first being on the 1.2 dose was very nauseating, so I went back to 0.6 and that reduced the nausea, but that was not the solution to the blood sugar highs, now being back to the 1.2 dosage the nausea is not bad and my hunger is so reduced that I now have to force myself to eat.  My only main side effect so far has been the headaches.  I love the fact that I only have to take this once a day.  Insurance companies and the government need to take note of the successes some are having and start including this on all medical/prescription plans.  
I have had my skyla for about 8-9 months now and I recommend it to everyone I know. The day before I had my insertion I read this whole page of reviews and really psyched myself out about how painful it would be to be put it in. Yes, it was very painful during and quite uncomfortable the rest of the day of (I would recommend a day off from work that day). I bled a bit and avoided sex due to it being uncomfortable for a few weeks, after that it was totally fine and my boyfriend couldn 't even tell it was there. Again, if you 're on the fence about this I highly recommend it. Although painful and a little annoying at first I 'm now 8 months in and as long as I 'm interested in birth control I 'll never go back to anything else!
I have been taking calcitriol for 8 months now. We eventually built it up until I am taking 1.25 mcg a day with 1500 - 2000 mg of calcium. It has worked very well compared to when I started out with only 25 mcg a day. I still have minor tetany problems but nothing and extra dose of calcium once in a while won 't fix. The reason I didn 't give it a 10 is because a lot of other medicines that different doctors gave me completely screwed me up. I see an endocrinologist for my thyroid and hypocalcemia...an ENT prescribed prilosec for reflux which messed me up and I had to stop taking it. My Gyn gave me a drug one dose one time before a uterine biopsy and plummedted my blood calcium levels for over a week...
Of different medicines I have tried for the  Restless Legs Syndrome, this has been the most effective.  I was started with 3 pills per day but have been able to reduce the dosage to 1 pill per day. Have been using this drug for over 5 years now.
I LOVE smoking and had no intention of giving up, however being plagued by a terrible cough (at 4am in morning!) my doctor said it was time to give up. I had half-heartedly attempted quitting before and tried many things which just didn 't work, so champix was the way forward. By day seven I was going off fags and couldn 't face them by day ten! The only side effect for me is the tablets have made me physically sick twice and I 've stopped taking my morning one as I can 't bear the nausea. Also, it 's still been HELL. My cravings have been severe and it 's still taken a strong fight for me to continue, although I also believe the thought of how awful they tasted on champix stopped me from caving in! Day 21 and not had one puff!
I had a rough childhood. Growing up, I tried to stay positive and press on. As an adult anxiety became overwhelming to the point where everything started to stress me out. This happen ed to me around 29 and I dealt with it until 31. I had been grinding my teeth and clenching my jaws as a reaction to stress, causing damage to my teeth...about $7,000 worth. My dentist said I had to do something about stress if I wanted to have any teeth left in my mouth. I saw a dr and was diagnosed with anxiety, ocd &amp; ptsd. Ive taken paxil for almost 2 weeks and am relieved of anxiety but feel pretty spaced out and numb right now. Motivation is lacking as well and im nautious on and off. Im hoping these side effects subside
Pros: weightloss, decreased appetite, energetic, exaggerated sense of well being/good moodCons: insomnia, can 't sit still, dry mouth, stomach cramps, teeth grinding
I experienced a tightness in my upper chest which bothered me, sometime to the point of feeling I couldn 't breathe well. I have discontinued it and feeling blue again.
Implanon rocks! I 've had it for a couple months now. I love having no period and I love 3 years of it. The insertion was easy and painless. I 've had no weight gain due to it but I 've had some back aches, some migraines, and 2 really bad mood swings. It can be expected that this will happen when switching birth control especially when going from and estrogen based pill to a progestin base stick in the arm. But really my side effects aren 't as bad as the pill and I don 't have to worry about forgetting.
I started Tretinoin 0.05% almost 2 months ago and my experience has been complicated and confusing. When I first started the cream, my skin immediately got sensitive to it, red splotches on my cheeks and chin (wasn 't putting it there) and it dried them out a lot too. But after a couple brutal weeks my forehead and nose cleared up entirely and the redness/dryness calmed down and I was getting really excited. But, unfortunatley, my period came and my skin had a HORRIBLE breakout. My entire forehead was covered in bumps and beside my nose I got little bumps as well. Now, about a month later my skin is clearing up somewhat, but still I 'm not sure what 's in store for me. I 'm hopeful for this product because I 've heard many wonderful things!
My son is almost a month old and after I had him I thought I was losing my mind and couldn 't stop crying. It was horrible. I was put on the medication and I 've been doing 100% better, the only side effect I 've experienced is the drowsiness... but its worth it. Now that my emotions are stable and I 'm not snapping on my 5 year old anymore or crying uncontrollably.
I 'm not the type that really trusts in what people says about how easy losing weight but one day my sister was telling me about this diet pill how good it really worked so I tried. I 'm 47 yrs old and always been heavy set. I weighed in at 224lbs Jan 7,2013 and on Jan 15,2013 I was down to 215lbs. I lost nine pounds, I have more energy, I used to be a heavy soda drinker couldn 't do without it and know I haven 't had any for two weeks, food don 't look interesting to me anymore. I have to make myself eat, I can exercise now and I feel great. I hope to keep it of and my goal is to lose 100 pounds by fall.
I am prescribed Adderall XRs. I am only on 30 mg once a day and my Dr won 't increase it. The medication definitely makes me motivated, have energy, and feel a nice since of well-being. I am concerned with a few side effects I get almost every time. I get numb on the left side of my neck and in my shoulder. I also get really cold feet and my toes look purple with very slow capillary refill. I also already had a sleep problem before all this, so my nights are always pretty restless.
Remicade is the only medicine I have taken in the last 6yrs that has given me relief.  I was scared to try it, but I have not had any side effects and the improvement is significant.  It kicks in quickly for me (within a day), but it also wears off before my insurance will let me get another dose.  Some relief is better than none, though, so no complaints from me.  I only hope that I don 't build up an immunity to it anytime soon.
So I read the reviews and vowed to NEVER use this product, but seeing how I get constant YI and only had $10 I decided to say f*** it and just get it. I buy the 3-Day Equate treatment, terrified out of my kind that Ill have to go to the doctor anyway with the way some ladies say it made them feel, but the moment the medicine was in and I applied the cream all I felt was bliss. The itching and irritatingness just went away. The only problem was it leaks during the day so wear a sanitary pad or a tampon if you can. Otherwise a great help!!!
I 've had great success on Levoxyl?  I 'm taking 0.137mcg and have virtually no side affects.  Synthroid for me was horrible.
I have been on Jolessa for a month. I love it, spotting a little but it seems like I am ALWAYS hungry! I have never eaten so much in my life. I gained 5 lbs in a month but I don 't mind because I was very skinny to begin with but I 'm worried that I will gain too much. I am just going to have to eat healthier.
Taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo the last 9 months and have not yet had a really significant problem. The first three months were the worst because I seemed to spot daily until my third period on this pill. Sex drive is low but not awful.  Have not seen a big change in my skin but I have a specific type of acne, so check with your doctor before taking it for that.  Always suffered from painful periods and this pill helps, but the side effect that most bothers me is long periods. I start bleeding midway through my third week and don 't stop spotting until midway through the first week of next pack.  ANNOYING!
My first implant went extremely well. I got it put in during my period, which is usually heavy. The next time I had it the flow was noticeably less. After when they would come it slowed till it eventually stopped. I went 2 years period free but when it got close to the time to take it out my period was radically crazy. I would spot then stop the next day or get a heavy flow then the next week spot again. I noticed even before these symptoms that I would get a slight shock or ache where the implant was put but to me this was fine. I got it taken out and was off it for a year before getting another. This time my period is now hitting its two weeks. So I 'm going to switch to depo to see if that works better. They say to switching BC helps.
Duac has and is working well for me. Granted it does dry the hell out of my skin so I make sure to exfoliate in the daytime 2 to 3 times a week and use coconut oil on particularly dry patches otherwise things like foundation look awful on top of the dryness. Saying that, I have been able to comfortably be able to wear no makeup most of the time anyway as the Duac really has seemed to have got ridden of the bad spots. I 'm left with some red marks/scars from acne but that can easily be concealed. Only cons are the drying out of skin and the fact it has to be kept in the fridge as I 'm constantly on the move! Overall it 's been the best thing for me and my skin
The first thing I would recommend would be that you get some A&amp;D ointment. Use it every time you have to wipe. It will make it less uncomfortable. The worst part of this to me was drinking this extremely bad tasting medicine. The first dose it was all I could do not to throw up and I don 't do that. Then I got really bad chills. So for the second dose I plugged my nose and then drank room temperature water. But the medicine cleans you out. Actual colonoscopy is a breeze after the prep
I used Primatene for 40 years and it worked great, most people didn 't know I even had asthma.Primatene cost me $18-$19 dollars and lasted about 40 days.  it was taken off the market by the EPA as they claimed it harmed the environment, with no regard for those who relied on it to breathe.  Asthmanefrin is my only option and works well, but costs twice as much and the tiny plastic vials each holding 2 drops (usually one is lost when the vial is opened)can 't be any better for the environment.  Bring Primatene Mist back!  I will vote for anyone who agrees to do so!
Yaz has by far been the best contraceptive pill for me. I 've tried over 10 different pills and its the only one which didn 't give me tender breasts and weight gain. It wasn 't however strong enough to prevent my lung endometriosis, but can highly recommend it for other reasons. Also great for your complexion.
I was put on Klonaphin and Xanax for anxiety and depersonalization when i was 16. A doctor switched me from klonaphin to lexapro without any wearing. I have horrible withdrawl from the klonaphin and almost gave up on the lexapro cause i thought it was giving me these side effects. After just a few weeks i felt great! I didnt even notice until one day i sat and thought &quot;hey im happy and i feel great!&quot; 5 years later some anxiety and ocd is peaking threw. Dont be discouraged. This medicine isnt a cure-all but it works wonders. Give it a chance.
Haven 't had problems with BPD for a while until a sudden flare up. Drugs been good for eradicating anxiety and paranoid thoughts which was it 's prescribed purpose. I 'm on 125 evening and 25 morning.
Side affects clumsiness &amp; unsteadiness,  drowsiness &amp; fatigue. But overall they are manageable when you consider the relief from the nerve pain this med provides.
Ketaconazole cream helped a lot for several years.  Now  I guessI 've gotten immune to it.   Is there anything else I could use?
I took Abilify for over a year, at 30mg. I remember a few pros and cons.Pro: I became ok with not having to talk, explain, or stir up  'energy ' at public gatherings. (Took away the &quot;prophet - tell them or they 'll all die&quot; urge completely.)Pro: I could complete projects without superstition or worry that every tiny detail could lead to catastrophe.Con: Severe Akathisia (very painful, and pain wasn 't managed at all in the hospital. This is why I don 't take anti psychotics anymore!)Con: Loss of creativity/writers blockCon: Very flat personality.Con: Visual, auditory and tactile hallucinations did not go away so they kept increasing dose to highest dose - still never went away.If there was no pain, I 'd give this a 9.
I really like Cymbalta. It eliminates my anxiety and levels me out. What I don 't like about Cymbalta- night sweats and general muscle fatigue. I laughed when I saw that it is a treatment for hot flashes. I have been on numerous antidepressants and that is one of the main side effects.
Hi Xanny.Yes,I have also experienced bleeding .It is a side effect of escitalopram. As a medical student and a patient of depression ,I know both the drug academically and as a patient. I take vitamin K drugs to counter the prolonged bleeding during periods.
Third week and no weight loss yet. I am an active person who goes to the gym 6 days a week. I have been eating healthy for 3+ years. Hit a weight loss plateau and the doctor thought this would help. Not giving up on the drug yet. I have enough to last until October. Side effects are manageable. Constipation and mild nausea
I have been taking TIKOSYN for 5 weeks.  It did not kick in until they did a cardioversion on me.  I am still having high blood pressure and high heart rate, as well as skipped beats.   I have a rash and itching that is very bothersome.  But other than that, I am doing well.  I feel good but I just wish my blood pressure and heart rate would go back to normal.
Tolerance develops rather quickly and it has a slow onset.
I 'm 18 and just experienced my first YI due to an increase of hormones from Plan B. I put the ovule in at around 1 and within an hour the symptoms went down slightly. It still itches like crazy but no longer burns so whether that 's an indicator it 's working or not I 'm not sure. If anything it 's the cream that makes it feel worse, it no longer burns when I pee but I wiped with the wipes and reapplied cream and it started burning again. I 'd recommend throwing away the cream altogether, I 've found using coconut oil externally makes it go down for a while. Here 's hoping the symptoms stop by tomorrow. I 'd recommend this versus home remedies at the very least.
I have been taking this pill for a UTI and it has made me super out of it due to lack of sleep and sleeping all day. I also usually get very nauseated after my food digests in my stomach. It did clear up my symptoms and I 've taken it for five days now, thankfully thats all I had to take. Apparently the meds they prescribed first weren 't &quot;strong enough&quot; to kill the bacteria which in itself sounded horrifying, but they assured me that this one will do the trick and it still was only a UTI. The only thing I 've had the worst of is probably the nausea when I take it.
After taking 30mg per day for ten days, my severe back pain is almost gone. I increased to 60mg to further eliminate morning and evening pain. This has greatly improved my life.
I have a spine injury L5-S1 area for first 6 months I was on every anti-inflammatory and made me sick.In addition, I was on heavy dose of Tramadol with no effect on pain what so ever and just made me high, then Percocet and it only made me high and very addictive.Then I read about Lyrica, talked to my Doctor got some and stopped my flair-ups.It saved me.Lyrica cut my pain by about 40% and stopped my flair-ups by about 80%.It kind of acts like an anti-depressant for me and makes me a bit hyper-(Good thing)But kills my sex drive and I stopped it for a week, it was hard on me and pain and flair-ups came back.I built a fast resistance to Lyrica fast, I went from 100mg to now 600 mg.Gave me back my hunger and I 'm gaining weight-(good thing)You have to realize nothing but hard work and Meds will cut your pain down, nothing will cut your pain 100%I know its depressing, we all just want our Doctor to put their hand on our injury and be healed.You have to try some home to exercise, eat well and seek mental help along with Pain meds and help from you doctor.Chronic pain, you need mental and physical help and most of all its you that has to push yourself to recover.
I started getting small bumps, (not exactly pimples, but should be taken care of immediately else it would grow into pimples later) on my forehead and chin areas. It started to spread in cheeks too. I first started using Retin-A cream. Initially I had lots of new breakouts, but didn 't give up my patience. New breakouts started to fade out on continuous application at only nights after cleansing with Episoft lotion. After a month I started applying Retin-A, My skin texture, pimple marks, uneven skin tone has improved drastically. Only thing is use this product only at night after proper cleansing. Initially this will cause skin peeling and irritation. 
I 've been taking Beyaz for a year now, and so far I like it better than anything I 've ever took. It treated my moderate acne, I never get any acne anymore.
Been taking 300 at bedtime for two months calling doctor having trouble concentrating on driving and panic attack and nervous type symptoms will driving
I 've been on this birth control for a year and I have to say that it 's very practical for my body. I used to get brutal cramps and long periods. No matter what type of birth control I had debilitating cramps. Lolo has caused my cramps to stop and my period is consistent and lasts 2 days. Only downside is I did get some acne, but the acne may be just due to something else since I 've dealt with breakouts prior to trying lolo. Also my boobs grew a lot which I 'm happy about. This medication is not for everyone, if you experience adverse effects stop taking it immediately as it does not agree with every woman.
I 'm a little skeptical because I actually withdrew a little from MS-Contin (morphine) when I switched to Oxycontin. So far it is working but I hear Morphine is the more potent of the 2. MS-Contin stopped working after 3 or 4 months.So 5 days into this Oxycontin it seems to be helping. I 'm staying hopeful.
I 've suffered from migraines for over 20 years. Various treatments have worked over the years but lose their effectiveness after certain amount of time. Zomig has helped me tremendously because of the various methods of delivery. I 'll take the nasal spray &amp; when that stops working after a few months, I 'll switch to the tablets. While this product does work, it sometimes can take a second dose before I get relief. Sometimes, it doesn 't work at all. It really depends on how soon I take it. Like someone else said in a previous review, sometimes I don 't realize it 's going to be a migraine. I do still get regular headaches and using my migraine medicine on those, in my opinion, can be wasteful. Especially at the price you have to pay for it.
My 9 years  old is now taking Intuniv for three weeks. At the begining he was very sleepy and tired. So I decided to give him the pill at bedtime, he 's been much better. This medication was a miracle for my son, his mood is better, he is happier, less emotional, and finishing his school task. Before he was on Concerta for 6 months it made his personality change. He started to bite his clothes and picking on his nose. It was bad. He could focus but the side effects worthless. I also try Strattera with similar side effects. My son it doing great on Intuniv. I hope it will continue to work for him.
It works the first 3 weeks ,when stop medication symtoms comeback.
I am just diagnosed with psoriasis on May 2013 and I am on my 3rd week of methotrexate and so far it cleared the psoriasis on my neck and under my breast. It stops the wetness and flakes and the ones in my arm and tummy are lesser in flakes. I just hope that my dermatologist will allow me to continue the medicine, but it depends on the lab results on my liver.
I am a 22 year old male. Parents and Grandparents both had high blood pressure and passed it right on to me. I have been taking Bystolic for about a year now and had excellent blood pressure. HOWEVER, I am extremely tired all of the time. If I do not get at least 9 hours of sleep I am tried through the day. Before I started taking it I was fine on 7 hours of sleep. I even have to take naps sometimes because I just can 't stay awake. I have chest pain about once a week that lasts for an hour or so. Doesn 't hurt but very uncomfortable. Also have gained about 25 pounds in the past year. Blood pressure is good but side effects are rough.
Been scripted for various statins over the years, having to change from one to another due to side effects; muscle pain, increased glucose, blurred vision with aching eyes, fatigue, cognitive impairment, headaches, etc. .  Not sure of  the time of onset of of each symptom.  Am being treated for seasonal affect disorder but am now  thinking this is due to statins. Am now off statins and other than mild blurred vision all symptoms have stopped
Been using this product along with bactrum for about 1 week and already see in good results... had 3 big cystic pimples that was on my face for more then 3 months...and they have gone down in 1 week..can 't wait to see what the next month or 2 brings.
Everyone is giving this drug a bad rep... I 've been on 2 pills, this one only makes me moody just before my period which is normal for someone not on birth control, no weight gained and my acne isn 't awful. By not awful I mean I 've had acne for 7 years and in the past year on this medication it hasn 't been as bad as it has been in the past. No medication is perfect but this is a pretty good one, I think a lot of people blame this medication for their life problems when that just may be their life.
This medication can 't be rated hastily.  It can take up to 6 weeks to level off.  My first days of Pristiq 50mg were terrible.  My first dose at night caused insomnia, jitteriness and dizziness, dilated pupils, nausea, sweaty, and a racing pulse.  The following week I felt great with NO ANXIETY!  I still felt nauseous however, ate very little(lost 7 lbs), and had a headache daily.  The following week my side effects continued (  insomnia &amp; TMJ flare up), but my benefits diminished. My Doctor then increased my dose to 100mg.  Since then most of my side effects are gone except the dilated pupils &amp; TMJ issues.  I 've taken Zoloft(ok) &amp; Lexapro(zombie) in the past.  Please give this medicine time before you decide you hate it!
Appears as though it works, but I wasn 't warned to be cautious and only apply to affected areas, I am currently suffering from what feels like I have spread my ass cheeks and have been drug at the very least 150 feet across the concrete. My skin is gone, burned, and painful. A simple blast of air from a small farther feels like shrapnel blasting against my skin. Walking is painful,  same as bending over; he 'll at this point, I hurt from breathing. The only relief I have found has been in applying half a tube of neosporne with pain relief today alone.I think I could yield the same results by being shot with laser guns. This pain should be on a poster for safe sex.
I am getting drowsiness no mood to work
I had kyleena inserted two weeks ago.  I 'm 20.  No children.  I took a xanax about 45 mins before the procedure and it was over very quickly. The pain was a 7-8 out of 10 but only lasted for a minute. The most unpleasant part was the startling awareness of the feeling of the device in my uterus. I didn 't take any pain medicine after,  just ate some ice cream and took a nap. I have brown discharge on a daily basis, and from what I 've read this should go away soon. I 've never had acne, but I am currently dealing with a rough breakout (8 bumps appeared on the same day). Also dealing with uterus spams that come and go but are not painful... feels like uterus is shaking...
Couldn 't  breathe  for months upon the least exertion. Extreme  fatigue once the doctors figured out I was anemic due to chronic renal disease and started me on Aranesp I  have felt much, much better. The only drawback  for me was headache for a couple of days.
I like it, I am finally able to remember times before I started feeling depressed, also I am able to connect my emotions/feelings to those memories which is great. All other ssris/snris I have taken only clouded my head and sort of numbness was always present.
I took tramadol for three years.  I got into a car accident and had some neck pain.  Went to the doctor and he prescribed me tramadol.  It instantly made my neck feel better.  It also made me very happy and in a better mood.  I had alot more energy and just felt better all together.  I ended up getting a job at Walgreens.  This was the first job I kept for more than a month!  I stayed there for two years.  I decided to take myself off of tramadol because I didn 't want to have to depend on it anymore to make me feel better.  I felt miserable and dragging at work.  I quit my job a month or so after. It 's been a year and still not working.  I think I may need to get back on it.
I have just started 50 mg of Pristiq this morning after having a mild panic attack and after about one hour I felt much better.  I have had severe panic attacks and insomnia since my tubal ligation almost a year ago.  I have been through a lot of medications that only left me to feel like a zombie and I am finding that you can compare yourself to others and put yourself in a box or you can realize that God made us all in a unique way and just because one drug works for one person does not mean it will work well for another.  I am still going to take it one day at a time and stay in prayer that the doctors I am seeing will give me medicines to get me the balance my brain needs, to have a healthy and normal life.
Fell and hurt my back 4 years ago. Suffered from Spasticity in my back, legs and neck ever since. Been taking 10 mg 3 times a day every since. To me this is one of those drugs that you really can 't tell you are taking it until you run out. If for some reason I miss a dose I 'm miserable. I 'm not gonna say it removes all my pain, because it doesn 't, but it does allow me to manage the pain I 'm in better. The only side effect I noticed was when I first took it I had very vivid dreams for the first few weeks, but that went away quickly.
The only anti-inflammatory med I could take without side effects
Before the patch I was on the shot for two years. I decided to take it off after gaining weight (FROM 130 TO 160) and I was experiencing really bad pain in my lower abs and back at random times. I went to the hospital and they said everything looked fine so I suspected it was the birth control so I switched. So far this is my 2nd month on this patch. got my period when I was supposed to and it is so light and exact timing! the only bad side effect is I get nauseous at random times but once I eat I 'm fine. no more weight gain yet, my appetite seems to be normal if not less eating than before. my boobs are always hurting and its annoying. Take my bra off right when I get home cuz I cant take it!! hopefully that will end soon!
Qvar has worked very well for 7 years but when they changed the cannister from 100 puffs to 120 I find I start getting shortness of breath when the inhaler goes into the red . I used to get 4 inhalers from kaiser  now I get 3 and I pay more money . So now I quit using a inhaler when it turns red. The reason I 'm writing this review is I used it this morning it was down to 8 puffs and I got shortness of breath. I can 't afford this med anymore. Dr says if it starts turning over  when you put it in a bowl of cold water its out before they put a counter on it.
I 've posted here a few month ago and it 's an update. I 'm starting the 4th pack now, and almost everything I was complaining about went away!During the first few months I 've gained around 10 lbs, my boobs became much larger (that was super uncomfortable, bc they 're large anyways), I felt a little depressed and tired (nothing I couldn 't handle though, I 've been living my normal life). I couldn 't work as hard as I wanted. Now I 've lost all the weight I 've gained and me is me again. Feels like magic. Also my tastes for food changed a bit. Something I loved does not taste good for me anymore, it 's strange, but fun to experience.
I am 14 years old and I started taking Celexa a few weeks ago for depression and I took it a couple years back for anxiety. It has worked good I have been feeling depressed since the third grade and have been having uncontrolled regretful thoughts for a while. This works and I am feeling better. It gave me such a weird feeling which I think is happiness but anyway it 's new thanks to this medication.  
I have been on Percocet about two years ago for degenerative disc disease. It helped a lot, but it can be habit forming. Be very careful with this medicine; take ONLY as prescribed, and it will help you.
I 've had generalized anxiety for about ten years, with some panic attacks.  Ended up in the ER twice in three days and saw a Dr. He prescribed hydroxyzine 25mg twice a day. Being fearful of pills, it took me a few days to give it a shot as I know many people with high anxiety are afraid of pills also and effects. I started slow and took 10mg and besides a few hot flashes an hour in ,it made me tired but relaxed. I slept fine and had no problems. I took another again today, same dose and was tired not long after. This was during the morning and I ended up literally going in and out of sleep for hours on end, hearing everything but also not awake, very strange. Anxiety a bit better, yes. Give it a try
I am 32 years old, (2 children 11 &amp; 2) &amp; just had the mirena removed yesterday, after having it for 1 year. It 's the only form of birth control I have ever used, but I have friends that had used pill, shot, the arm implant &amp; Mirena. Most agree that The mirena was the best.  Few said that theirs didn 't stay in place &amp; one said she had to have surgery to remove because it actually embedded to a part of her body it shouldn 't have.The only issue I have had this past year is weight gain and irregular periods. I had the mirena removed to see if I feel better without it, if so I 'll have to try to find another form of birth control, if not I 'll probably go back to the mirena. Now that it 's been removed I 'm having major cramps though
First off I 'll start by saying that not everyone is the same so this BC will obviously react differently to different people, buying birth control is simply a game where you have to try them all to find one that truly works how you want. So I 'm on my 2nd week of this and so far so good! I 've had no bleeding, very mild cramps nothing that I can 't handle. My main reason for being on BC is obviously not to get pregnant but I have ALWAYS had ridiculous periods. Most of the time I pass out at least 1 time during my cycle, due to cramps so the cramps I 've experienced while taking this haven 't been nearly as bad as the ones I 've experienced so over all super excited about that. Packaging is kinda bulky but I have a big purse so no worries!
This is my second experience using Advair inhaler.  The first time I used it, it was like a miracle.  My asthma disappeared.  After using the inhaler for about 1 year, my asthma returned and worsened.  I visited a naturopath and was advised to change my diet.  I stopped gluten, citrus, soy and dairy foods.  Once again, my asthma disappeared for about a year.  When it returned to the point that my rescue inhaler was being used too frequently, the Dr. recommended that I return to advair.  Once again, it worked.  But, here I am three months later and my asthma is worsening.  What is one to do?
I have been on Tri-Sprintec for a little over a month now, I have notice changes already. I have shorter periods, if I drink plenty of water I have few to no cramps, my acne has cleared up for the most part, and I have lost a noticeable amount of body fat. The only side effect I have noticed it breast tenderness and it was only the 2 days before I started my period.
This pill saved my life! I was seeing psychiatrists for 12 years for my suicidal depression and tried all kinds of medicines that didn 't work. Sometimes my depression was so bad that I had to be hospitalized a few times. My depression did not respond to antidepressants nor psychotherapy. I felt blue, anxious, suicidal, emotional, and emotionally unstable all the time. Finally I was referred to the obgyn by the psychiatrist. The gynecologist tested my hormones and put me on this pill. I no longer feel depressed or suicidal. The only disadvantage for me is that when the pill wears off I feel horrible. It helps my anxiety too. I haven 't felt this great in years!
I have had Skyla for over a year. The insertion was not as bad as I was expecting, however, I had a child a month prior. The only complaints that I have are the terrible acne and the difficulty I have had losing weight. I have not gained any weight, however, I have had a hard time losing the weight that I wanted to (only about 10lbs). Overall, the reason that this is available is for birth control. It has been extremely effective for what it was meant for.
I switched to lolo after being on generic loestrin for about 3 months. My body is high estrogen to begin with so I needed something with less hormones. Generic gave me terrible anxiety, depression, mood swings, weight gain, and hormonal acne. After switching to lolo within 3 weeks I had lost 5lbs, had glowing skin, and overall felt amazing. Every women 's body reacts to BC differently so my advice is if you feel awful it definitely couldn 't hurt to try something new, right? Lolo was amazing for me but some people have terrible experiences.
I have been taking Paxil for 3 years now. It has helped me very much. I 'm 21 years old and have had no side effects from it. I 'm glad to feel normal again. Without Paxil I would be an emotional wreck.
I was put on Savella shortly after it came out and was on it for 3 months and my blood pressure rose. My doctor took me off of it and added blood pressure medication and I was put on Neurontin. Neurotin did not do anything for my fibromyalgia, I was constantly in pain. Six months ago, I went to my doctor and stated I wanted to try it again, because it had worked before and we had added a blood pressure med. I was depressed and hurting. I told her I did not want to be on narcotics all the time to control the pain. I have been on it now for about six months, we are watching my blood pressure closely and all has been good. It has  helped with my IBS, I have lost almost 40 pounds because I feel good and can move and do simple things again.
The reason I haven 't rated this product a full 10 is because I 'm still in the trial stage. But I 've used this product for 6 days now (doctor recommended me to use it every night for a week and then 2 times a week afterwards) And by the third day I saw the difference. The past 3 days I 've worn light colors for the first time in years because I didn 't have to worry about the sweating! It is definitely the best medicine I 've tried and I 've tried many things! I hope I don 't jinx it; but its definitely made 180 degree difference for me. Also I 've been shaving at the normal amount (few times a wk) and putting on my normal deodorant in the mornings and then right before bed I just apply the DrySol under my arm.
I am on week five. I was on Byetta which worked well but made me really ill to the point that I had to plan my life around toilets! I am so relieved to read in the above comments that some people experience great hunger because i thought i was some kind of freak! I discussed IBS with my doc but they were more concerned with me losing weight. No change as yet but not feeling the same nausea some people are reporting and no knots.
Lyrica helped the stinging, pins and needles feeling in my feet. However, my ankles swelled badly so I quit taking it. 
On day 9 of 14, 750mg, still sick but 75% feeling better. No sides effects so far.
I had my skyla inserted in may 2016. Insertion was very uncomfortable but quick. I was able to drive myself home perfectly fine and I rested for the rest of the day. I continued to have on and off extreme cramping for about 6 months, which was new for me because I never had cramps. my periods actually happened to be longer in length than when I was on the pill. I 'm not pregnant, which I most definitely would be if this wasn 't effective. About 7 months into having my skyla I have developed extremely bad cystic acne, to the point where I can see the scars becoming holes on my cheeks. For me, that has been the only downside and is making me contemplate removing it, as cystic acne scarring is permanent.
Unfortunately after losing insurance coverage I had to switch from Lexapro to Citalopram for affordability.  I sure hope Lexapro has a generic form soon because it helped a little better than what I am currently taking.  I have a couple of friends who have been on Lexapro, and versus other medications it has yielded the best results.
I suffer from depression and panic disorder. I take Pristiq with Ativan. I 've been taking Pristiq for 5 months.  Just within the last 2 weeks I was told to up it to 100mg because the 50mg just was not taking away my depression.  I have noticed a lot more of an effect from the 100mg.  I think you just need to get it into you system for a couple of months, until you have no side effects and if it isn 't taking away the depression then start upping it gradually. What I did was I took 1 pill in the morning, and 1 at night.  Now I am finally taking 2 in the morning, and so far so good.  The depression is lifting. I 've also lost 30 lbs since Pristiq. PS. never had any noticeable side effects. Just one complaint: CONSTIPATION.
I have both an ulcer in my stomach as well as duodenitis (two ulcers in the upper part of my small intestine)--this was all discovered during my endoscopy. I was given this medication and am still on it...immediately I had dry mouth, mild headaches and that dizzy/vertigo feeling which I just thought were my sinuses acting up until I looked up the side effects. It 's changed my bowel motions for sure, more towards constipation which then causes an upset stomach for me, mainly in the morning.
I had my mirena inserted 3 weeks ago on the 28th. The procedure itself was probably the most painful thing I have ever experienced, however the doctor had a hard time getting my cervix to cooperate so it took longer than most. I was on the 2nd day of my period when I got it inserted and when I went in it was fairly heavy and I had really bad cramps. Literally since the day of insertion my period hasn 't ended. It is extremely light, some days barely even spotting, and I haven 't needed to use a tampon or anything since. It is kind if a nuissance but after reading many reviews and talking with friends I feel like it will be worth it in the long run. Do some research yourself as well as talk to your doctor about options before making a decision
I am on day 4 of Latuda. I am weaning off of Saphris which was like a miracle as far as effects and stabilization of mood (despite horrible taste). The taste of Saphris eventually made it very difficult to take consistently so my prescriber chose Latuda at 40 mg to swallow daily. Already noticing a maintaining balance of mood despite drastic decrease in Saphris. I hope that Latuda will work just as well as Saphris, if not better. More review to follow but initial reaction is a positive one.
For my IC/PBS, I get bladder infections every two weeks, try as hard as I can to watch my diet (though it 's difficult not to cheat), get pelvic floor physical therapy, take Uribel and Klonapin as needed, and take 25 mg of amitriptyline each night.  When I first started taking it, after about a couple of weeks, I felt completely normal for the first time in months.  No symptoms at all for about 4 weeks.  Now I have some creeping back.  I 'm going to try upping my dose to 50 mg each night and see how I tolerate it.  It does make you dopey in the morning at first, but that goes away eventually.
Diagnosed with ulcerative colitis a year ago. Took medicine for a month. Cleared up. Recently, another flare up. Am taking again and is slowly clearing up again.
30mg was good, but 40mg took my pain away, it was heaven. Except that 40mg made me so tired and drowsy that all I did was sleep. Couldn 't function so that 's not acceptable. I would go to bed at 7pm and wake up at 4pm the next day! So I 'm going back to 30mg with breakthrough meds. But here is the thing I can 't figure out...I take up to 10-15mg hydrocodone for breakthrough pain ON TOP of my Hysingla ER 30 but that doesn 't make me sleepy, it actually kind of keeps me up at night. How bizarre is that? It 's the same dosage but reacts completely different. That annoys me because the 40 worked perfectly!!! Except for the severe drowsiness.How can Hysingla ER 40mg be so much more sedating than Hysingla ER 30mg w/10-15mg hydrocodone on top???
I 've been on Mirtazapine for 10 months. It doesn 't help to lift my mood but it was put in place to help with my insomnia I had from my CFS. I 've been on 15mg, 30mg and 45mg none of these helped with my depression. But it did help me to sleep for 8 months on 30mg. Only bad side effect was it made me extremely hungry and I put on 2 stone. 15mg was the most sedating - although that 's even stopped working for me now.
Excellent at first, almost euphoric in the sense of how happy it made me and how little anxiety I had, however I became tolerant to it rather quickly and am now on the max dosage. It still works great for depression but my anxiety has returned. The only side effects I have now are loose stool all the time. For anxiety it worked wonders for the first year but now It only works for depression, will look into another medicine for my anxiety to use in conjunction with this.
I started Lutera about 7 months ago and I love it (now). The only reason I give it an eight was the first three months I had horrible migraines but just figured that was my body adjusting. I bleed and cramp less. I gained about 5 lbs. And my face is pretty clear.
I had a choice of going to the ER or taking the pill. I took the pill and 30 minutess later the pain was gone. Then came the side effects, weak, pressure in the shoulders, speech and memory were difficult and little pressure in the chest. All were gone in less than an hour. I was so happy with the results. Living without migraines is priceless to me.
I never had a tooth abscess before, I think child birth compares but it went on for days. Finally called my dentist, he prescribed Clarithromycin and it worked wonderfuly.  I 'm taking it again right now for a sinus infection, I requested it when I went to see my doctor. Day 2 and the terrible headache with the infection is gone. Clarithromycin will be my antibiotic of choice from now on.
Helped very bad shingles outbreak in about 3 days.
Symptoms started Monday. Confirmed flu test and started Tamiflu Wednesday. I just took my thitd dose and my fever has gone down from 103 wednesday to 99 thursday. I agree with the really vivid wild dreams and sleeping 3 hours at a time. Also my taste and smell are almost completely gone. I am not sure if all of that is from Tamiflu or maybe its just effects of the flu virus. Regardless I feel much less achy, headachy and fatigued. Also I am not sweating buckets anymore. I am satisfied with the medicine.
I 'm on 2.5mg twice a day and It really helps regulating my intense rapid mood swings!
I got it implanted about 9 months ago and my period is exactly opposite from a normal period. I get about one week off from bleeding every month! I have an extremely high sex drive, lost/gained no weight at all, and haven 't noticed any changes in my hair growth/loss. I cry and had mood swings but I 'm not sure if that is just me or the hormones because I have always been sensitive! Every one is different but I really like this birth control method and I would love it if I didn 't bleed every two seconds. It always me to live my life and stay not pregnant until I am ready.
The medication took away my alters connection to me, which at first was really scary because I 'd always relied on them to come out and live my life for me when things got rough. I realised soon after starting the drug how little I knew my best friends and how much my disorder actually affected my relationships with them. It scared them and made them come to not trust me at times. Now, I 'm scared of not taking it. It has allowed me to learn better coping mechanisms then hiding behind a facade or letting others deal with my problems Instead. It has actually helped me realise, I don 't need the help of my alters to get through a day
I received this medication on multiple occasions. Typically the situation involved me being awake for a small surgical procedure. Though this became a typical procedure that I grew used to and at times would receive with only local anesthetics, the times I had dilaudid were far better. It reduced my anxiety for the situation and didn 't cause me to feel too out of it after the procedure was done (maybe about 20 minutes?).
Has definitely helped along with the Digoxin I take to keep me from feeling faint or dizzy. Has improved my quality of life quite a bit. The side effects (for me) are not bad enough to make me stop taking it.
I Stay in servere pain,in my lower back,and knee,The only thing that helps my pain,is Lortab,,Im disabled and can not enjoy my life,,With other health problems,,But Life goes on,And I been taking it for a long time..But like I said it does help my pain..
My first 2 uses of this drug I had no side effects.  3rd time I had moderate nausea.  Pharmacist said eat yogurt.  Each time within 2 days tingling in sinuses as I felt them open up, and cured by end of pills.  Also symptoms of lime disease in hips was cured, puzzled my doc.Just began new round!  Advise to help nausea:  Keep stomach full.  Graze all day, like a cow!  Oatmeal with banana, whole wheat toast with avocado, peanut butter sandwich.  Something every 2 hours.  Big dinner with lots of vegetables.  And I eat 2 containers of tasty yogurt 2 or 3 times a day. I had light nausea 1st day that lasted maybe 1 hour.
I took this pill for about 4 months before I was switched to Portia (which is the same thing) by my pharmacist. I liked this pill. My periods are so light which is nice because I have always had heavy periods! No acne and no weight gain. As much as I liked this pill, I did have mood swings at the beginning, but by the end of taking Altavera I was fine!
I was on Ortho Evra for almost 6 years (since my early 20s).  I 've had very few issues with it... no weight gain, no moodiness, no stale sex drive.  All I 've experienced were slight skin irritation (where patch was placed) and spotting.  I switched to NuvaRing under the guidance of my physician (because of my concerns over the FDA warnings).  It was as easy as the patch, but I quickly gained 5-7 pounds over 2 months of usage.  Then my doctor put me on Microgestin 1/20 FE.  It was the first and will be the last birth control pill I ever take!  I have gained 15 pounds over 6 months, experienced excessive night sweats and lost all interest in sex altogether.Now, I might return to the patch.
I have been given this a lot after surgery. It is great for post surgical pain because it kills the pain but it doesn 't give you nausea and constipation like others do.
It is a reasonably good drug and it has helped me a bit so far. 
I 've been in and out of mental health clinics for a long time..just trying to find something to slow my racing thoughts and make me feel like life is bearable. I 've taken benzodiazepines..only to become drug seeking and take too many and need early refils, thereby being forced by prescriber to wean off. Done SSRI 's with no effect whatsoever. Remeron made me gain 40 pounds in like 2 months time and didn 't help me sleep. Marijuana made me paranoid. I just started some new therapy and was diagnosed with bipolar 2 and post traumatic stress disorder. She gave me Seroquel XR and my mind is calm and I sleep good on it. I 'm still on a pretty low dose..going up to 100mg tonight and then 150mg on 2 days. Just hope I don 't gain weight but so far I feel productive and my mind is quiet.
My 6 year old has been on Vyvanse for 3 years. There are times that I have not had any medicines to give him and the teacher says its like a whole other kid. Without him being on Vyvanse I was at the school all the time and my grades were dropping. I did not want him on medicines at first but I am so happy that I decided to. He is still my little Buge and not a hot mess. Such a joy and thanks to Vyvanse I have my son back.
I 've had the nexplanon implant for a year now, at first it was brilliant, had my period and then nothing for a good month. After a while I started noticing brown spotting in my underwear. Not a lot but it was enough to put me off being intimate with my boyfriend. I put up with it for 3 months as the nurse said it will take time to get used to. In summer, I thought it was best to try taking the pill with the nexplanon to help regulate periods. This was amazing after I 'd finished the course no bleeding for 3 months. But then I bled for 4 weeks. And finally it stopped. This appears to be not the right birth control for me. However, Its very effective in the sense that I 'm not pregnant. Please don 't let my story scare you away, its worth a try :)
The first 3 times I had this shot, I bled in the 2 weeks leading up to when I was due, but otherwise had no periods. However, I switched to a new doctor who recommended I should be getting the shot every 12 weeks, as opposed to 3 months and since doing that, I haven 't bled once and it 's been over 2 years. I do notice the area of the shot is quite sore for 2 - 3 days after, but it 's nothing I can 't handle. My biggest complaint would be the effect this has had on my skin. I had reasonably clear skin before taking this shot and I would describe it as normal - combination. It is now super oily and I have moderate acne, which flares up badly every time I get the shot. Overall, I am very happy with depo, it is cheap and no need for daily pills!
I am type 1 diabetic and have been having symptoms of gastroparesis. Zofran coupled with erythromycin has been the only thing to give me relief. After being sick/vomiting for the past 5 weeks on and off, it is nice to be back to some sort of normality.
I 've been on the Climara Pro patch for two weeks now and already notice a marked decrease in hot flashes and mood swings.  The night sweats and sleeplessness continue but I 'm hoping that, too, will soon improve.  My only and biggest complaint with this product is the next to impossible to remove plastic backing!  It simply refuses to come off easily!  Every time I 've had to change the patch has been a battle.  I end up with a patch that is torn on the edges, has holes in the middle, and I 'm supposed to be able to stick it to my skin in that condition.  And it 's not like I can just toss it out and start over with another patch.  Not at those prices!!  There has to be a better way.
I am taking Zopiclone 7.5 and Seroquel 25mg so I can sleep at night. I also take Clonazepam 2mg daily and Effexor XR 75mg. I have lost about 10kgs and still not feeling &quot;normal&quot; per say. I have tried various other combos but this is better than what I have been on. Sleeping without nightmares and even though I get tired during the day at least I 'm not awake half the night.
I had Skyla inserted 2 weeks ago. I had been on the pill on/off for 16 years and hated it. It was making me nauseous, depressed, and anxious. My gyno recommended the IUD. I 've had no kids and have a small cervix.As everyone has mentioned, insertion is painful but short. I took 2 aspirin and a relaxant beforehand and it still really hurt. Probably the worst part of recovery for me is that I 've been spotting &amp; on/off cramping for 2 weeks now. However, I haven 't spotted in 2 days so I 'm hoping thats the end of it. Besides that, I am very happy with it -- I don 't feel any changes in mood, appetite (if anything, appetite is less), sex drive &amp; NO NAUSEA! I would say give yourself 4-5 days to heal (I didn 't and regret it).
I have only been taking Desogen for two weeks now, but I feel like I 've been a lot more emotional lately. I literally can 't control myself. It hasn 't started problems in my relationship because my boyfriend is very understanding. I have also been getting a lot of breakthrough bleeding but maybe it 's because it 's only my first time taking the medicine. My periods are light in the beginning and super heavy towards the end!
I 'm ready to be clean and be myself again. I was hooked on oxys 80mg for three years. This drug almost broke my marriage and led me to do things I thought I would never do from lying, stealing and unemployment from the first time I started using. When I started Suboxone my whole life has changed. I 'm now a better wife, daughter and aunt again.
I 'm trying to figure what variations between brands!! Just started this particular brand! Gotta compare it but, seems to be doing the job ok!! Seems no doc in New Jersey will give enough to live like a human being!!! Very cruel to start someone on this and then give only two a day!! They only last 4 or 5 hours and your body is screaming through the evening and morning until you can take your next pill!!! One hell of a way to live!!! Need to go to a state that offers proper treatment!!! With rheumatoid arthritis, back, hip, shoulder and neck injury, as well as sjogrens and fibromyalgia!###!!! I suffer like a junk yard dog to core of being!!!#! Merciless !#!!!! :(  I have skin problem on back as well!!! You can only hope it happens to them!#!
I was having one of my &quot;bad&quot; days. I was expected at my Mother 's 80th Birthday party. I took the Skelaxin and felt well enough to go. I am not one for taking medication. I should have brought the next dose with me, I had to leave the party due to the pain.
So I took 3 pills because I was a dummy but then I wanted to know how others felt about this product so I read you need to drink loads of water. I ended up drinking about 10 glasses of water in the 2 hours before I went to bed. I woke up around 1ish having to go badly. Nothing really happened I sat there sweating like a pig , dry heaving  and wanting to vomit. I had no stomach pains though (possibly from drinking all that water) then around 4, I was back in the bathroom and I didn 't sweat, dry heave or anything. It was diarrhea like but that I can handle. And I went again around 10:45am but now 3 hours later I feel fine and perfectly cleaned out.
Actually, I 've been on Hemax for a short period of time, per the recommendation of my OB/GYN, versus me taking 6 pills a day per my primary care physician.  I like it so far, the side effects are minimal. Please be sure to read the label, as there were some &quot;don 'ts&quot; included that I normally do every morning like drinking coffee, eating eggs, these items should not interact with this pill, and I 'm glad I caught that before I started taking it, it 's best on an empty stomach.  I 'm happy to be taking one pill which has everything in it that the 6 had, and has more iron.  So, right now I think it pretty good, and hopefully will have a positive effect on my iron levels the next time I have my labs done.
I technically have bipolar II disorder and I 'm a rapid-cycler, but most of the time I experience crippling depression. I take this along with Trileptal to curb any possible hypomanic side effects. I took a genetic test and this showed up on my list of drugs that were okay to take. I 'm on 25 mg, which is technically a starter dose but I 've found that it 's more than plenty to help with my symptoms. Within the first couple of days, my depressive thinking (intrusive thoughts, suicidal thoughts, paranoia, etc.) and daily panic attacks went down to basically nothing. I have relatively low energy still, but it sure beats feeling suicidal and anxious all the time. The only side effects I have is constipation and if I take it too late, insomnia.
Helped ok but had a lot of breakthrougg pain.
Meds: Subutex 8mg SL 2x daily (recovering addict), Bentyl 20mg oral as-needed up to 4x daily.I have irritable bowel syndrome flare-ups randomly, depending on stress level, caffeine/nicotine/stimulant intake, etc.  The first few months, one 20mg Bentyl stopped a flare DEAD IN IT 'S TRACKS.  Now it doesn 't and I have to double-dose, because when I flare, the pain is so severe that I begin vomiting, sweating, shaking, and cannot function at work.  The double dose is effective, but causes blurred vision, cognitive impairment, and a general feeling of being &quot;disconnected&quot; or &quot;high&quot;, minus any kind of euphoria. Going to discuss this with my PCP.
I found cardura a wonderful drug which made my urine flow so easily and cured the discomfort I used to feel during urination. I felt no side effects either.
I have been on this pill for over 5 years. The first ~6 months were difficult (I had to take it with food or I 'd get nauseous, certain times of the cycle it made me extremely tired, moody, etc). The longer I stayed on it, the more those symptoms subsided- so I encourage anyone struggling with it to hold out because it will likely improve. I also learned that you have to take it at the EXACT same time every day or the side effects are worse. The past few years I have had no problems with it at all.
I have a 2 year old and a 4 month old. I received the paragard on Nov 22,16. The insertion wasn 't painful at all. Just a very uncomfortable feeling. When the insertion was finished, the nurse provided a pad to put in my underwear, and stated that I will spot for about 2-3 days. But before getting the IUD put in, I had taken 4 200MG of ibuprofen 1 hour before. 3 days after the insertion, I started my period. The cramps were TERRIBLE. The cramps lasted for about 1 1/2 weeks. I had to continue taking the ibuprofen for that long. The bleeding is not that bad. Its the same amount as it was before. I 've had a heavy flow before the IUD and its still the same. I use the overnight protection pads. Overall I 'll give it a 7.
Dr. Prescribed for Tendonitis, aka Tennis Elbow on right arm.  After using for 2 days, the pain is diminished and movement of the forearm, grasping with the fingers, and range of motion is very near back to normal with very little pain.  I work on a computer all day, typing and mousing.  I apply 2 grams, 4 times a day to the elbow area.  It makes working very tolerable.  I would say Voltaren is a good treatment and really helps bring my arm function back to normal with no pain for tendonitis / Tennis Elbow.  Aspercreme was also ok, but the Voltaren does better.  Mild stretching, exercise and movement also help and are made much easier with the Voltaren.
After trying a myriad of medications for my postpartum anxiety, all which brought on profound side effects such as depression, insomnia, rage, no feelings whatsoever, etc, I was placed on Pristine/ Desvenalfaxine. I have not had to take medication for anxiety or depression previously and was to the point where I intended to suffer through the anxiety rather than the side effects. This medication however, has been a lifesaver. I feel fantastic and very much like myself. I want to do normal things, taking care of my son doesn 't make me feel like I 'm going to worry myself into an early grave. I 'm not having heart palpitations. I can actually work and be productive opposed to constant worry. It is working!
Started taking 20 mg.  Makes me sleepy (like almost knocks me out) and had a headache for a few days. Week 2 Day 2 of upping  dose to 40 mg now sleepy &amp; nauseous.
Enbrel worked wonderfully controlling my moderately severe psoriasis clearing it up completely.  My swollen and painful hands from psoriatic arthritis quickly had no more swelling, no more pain, and the joint damage was slowed to next to nothing.  The injections can burn sometimes, but the pain was worth it.  I had insurance to cover it for a year and a half.  It is VERY expensive at almost $500 per shot.  I needed one shot per week, sometimes two.  Now, I have no insurance and my Enbrel will be running out. I am so worried about the future. Without Enbrel, my life will be painful and the joint damage will quickly progress as well as severe psoriasis again!
I have chronic panic disorder with agoraphobia and due to the fact I have not responded to any antidepressant and have only had a moderate response with benzodiazepines (I was taking Xanax XR) I spoke to my doctor about trying Miltown (meprobamate), the first anxiolytic in history, just to see if it can help. I take 400 mg four times a day (1,600 mg) and I have, to my surprise, actually found it to be fairly effective. I was particularly surprised due to its low potency, 0.5 mg of Xanax is considered bioequivalent to 1,400 mg of Miltown. It takes longer than Xanax, Ativan, or Valium to work and I have noticed I can &quot;feel&quot; when Miltown starts to work where as I did not with benzodiazepines (bad). Good novel treatment.
I got my IUD put in in March of 2015 after over a year of being on the depo shots. The initial insertion was pretty painful, but I was able to drive home and take some aspirin and lay around while the pain subsided after a few hours. I have PCOS (poly cystic ovarian syndrome) and I wanted to try something that I could feel more like myself and have the least amount of side effects on. This has really been working out really great. I no longer have random pain that I used to get and the only negative that I have noticed is a lack of sex drive since getting it inserted, but I am going to the doctor soon to see if it is a side effect or if my hormones are off.
Yeah, Paxil definitely saved my arse really.  I tried prozac first and went totally off the rails with anxiety and 2 days on paxil and I slept and knew that it was the one for me.  I am a fool though because I keep trying to come off it because it works so well for anxiety.  I have been reduced to 10 mg 's from 20 and have been enjoying that but noticed that my mind fluctuates between optimism and pessimism really quite quickly.  The mind is a strange thing.  Anyway, it keeps me grounded, no panic attacks, no anxiety.  Amazing how we all react so differently to these various SSRI 's.  Pity about the sex drive with Paxil.  I fall in love still but I don 't have that physical thing going off like people off antidepressants do.
I am a 30 year old female who has had eczema my whole life but it has gotten severely worse in the past 3 years. I have been on this medication for about 2 months now and so far it is doing well. I noticed results almost immediately and no longer cringe when I shower. But in the past 2 weeks I 've noticed a small flare up on my face coming back which I hope is only due to change of season. The flare up is very small compared to what I experienced in the past and not as itchy all the time (there is some itchiness at night) as my flare ups have been in the past.
I totally loved this product the first time it was prescribed to me. However, I found that the other times I have had this treatment (including now) it takes longer to relieve symptoms. I 'm losing hope as I have become immune to all other medications.
For severe chronic insomnia, Pregabalin does increase sleep for sure and I have regained many hours, even if it wasn 't on the exact clock I planned. Combined with a good sleep-initiating medicine (i.e. trazodone), pregabalin is an even better lifesaver than alone. Next, pregabalin works quite well for benzodiazepine withdrawals. Lastly, it does work well for depression and anxiety. The downside is that it will dull cognition greatly and can also greatly increase depression at certain doses. For me, the best dose for sleep isn 't great for those reasons however lowering the dosage (after a break) has provided better results. Takes experimenting with dosages.
works for hernia surgery
This pill has helped with leakage but the dry eyes and mouth have gotten worse. I have developed a thrush from the over dry mouth and think I 'm going to have to go off this pill
Watson 5% patch would not stay on my back.  They kept rolling up.So, my pain doctor now writes brand specific only so I get the Lidoderm patches. They work great for me.
I am 59 year old female. I have sport related injuries and have been suffering arthritis pain in both knees and hip for several years. Tried not to take medication all my life. Do not drink alcohol, tried chiropractic, tried massage therapy, do yoga regularly. But the pain was taking away my ability to enjoy life constant pain is a terrible thing. I have been taking Celebrex for approximately 1 week. I am sleeping better moving better and the pain has been reduced by at least 50%. Hoping to get my active life back. FINGERS CROSSED. Good Luck to fellow pain suffers this is definitely worth trying. Work with it. Don 't drink alcohol. Eat something when you take it. I am on 2x200mg and will try to get that down to 1x. I tried 1x at first   No Joy.
Had Skyla for 4 months and I like it so far. My only bad experience was the side effects once the iud was inserted. I had terrible cramps and bled non-stop for a month and a half and had heard that these side effects will occur for the first 3 months, luckily mine was half that time. It was horrible but I pushed through it and haven 't had problems since. I usually had heavy periods and now they 're light. Unlike me, my sister had a better experience after her insertion and was cramping for 2 days and felt better after. Side effects vary but I 'm happy with my iud. The insertion wasn 't bad at all since my doctor gave me misoprostol, ibuprofen and was on my period so my uterus was very relaxed for the procedure. I 'm 19 and haven 't had kids.
I have been on Sprintec for three months now. I had minor acne before and after the first few weeks, my skin was completely cleared up.  The only issue I had was during the first month I had problems sleeping.  However, that is a common side effect of any birth control pill. I also got a yeast infection last month and while oral contraceptives give you a higher risk of contracting a yeast infection, so do antibiotics. So I would recommend taking cranberry pills and acidophilus on a regular basis! But overall, I would recommend Sprintec. It does it 's job.
I have an osteotomy in my left tibia.  The surgery was a year ago, and the break has not filled in with new bone.  I was prescribed the patches with the caveat  that &quot;they may not work.&quot;  They work very well and my pain has decreased between 75-90%.  If I use them as directed (1 every 12hrs)  they are most effective.  There are some issues with the adhesive on the edges but I 've found if I warm them with my hand they stick better.  True, there is very little movement of fabric over the area as with back issues.  I work with a personal trainer 5 days a week so the leg gets a lot of use.  Mine is an unusual use for these patches, but they are definitely worth a try.
I got the paragard inserted at the time of my C-section (May 2013). I loved the fact that it had no hormones and so my periods were very consistent. It worked wonderful for about a year and a half. Then I got pregnant (October 2015). Sadly, it was an ectopic pregnancy and had surgery the same day the doctors found out it was in my fallopian tube and not in the uterus. The hardest part was being told that there was heart activity. So I lost the baby and my left fallopian tube. Despite the scary experience I went through, I would still recommend the paragard. I don 't necessarily believe the paragard IUD is to blame because it was working wonderfully,  therefore I didn 't find the need for regular check-ups and believe I am part at fault.
I have been on many Statins over the last 20 years, I am a 61 year old woman.  I have been taking Livalo for about a year, as I had horrible muscle aches and thought had the flu on other statins.  The muscle aches and weakness are back.  My doctor insists because of my high cholesterol and triglycerides I must take SOMETHING but I can 't take the muscle pain.  I am stopping, and calling the doctor.
I 've been using Hypercare for a little over a year, and it works great if I use it every night. Unfortunately, it does sting a lot. I 've found that using Ultrabalm from Lush Cosmetics definitely brings down the stinging quite a bit, so I 'd recommend that to anybody who has the same problem!
Very good for day to day anxiety.  Only downsides can make you feel tired when walking, bit light headed sometimes, short term memory loss and long term use will lead to some hair loss.  when i reduced the drug over few months my hair started to grow back! Good medicine, but go easy at first.
After trying several other medications viibryd does help with my depression. Unfortunately I have had many side effects including insomnia, Vivid abnormal dreams, night sweats, and numbness in my hands. I have been taking 20 milligrams a day for almost a year. My depression has started to increase and I am hesitant to increase the viibryd to 40 milligrams a day because I am afraid the side effects will get worse. The drug manufacturer offers a very good rebate program on their website. I get $100 refund from them each month so my cost is only $115 per month.
Although my doctor prescribed it mainly for Bipolar Depression, he will temporarily increase the dose in response to emerging manic symptoms especially racing thoughts, agitation, extreme irritability and dilusions.    Positive - Significantly (80-90%) calms my thoughts. Helps me fall and stay asleep.  Keeps my depression in check. I am now compliant with all of my medications and trust my doctor.Negative - higher doses blunt my affect. I must take my dosage at bedtime because of tremendous sedation which is when the drug saturation is highest in my blood and brain. If I must get up during the night, for example bathroom, I 'm disoriented and dizzy. I could never take it during the day. Weight gain from &quot;munchies.&quot; Sex-related problems
I 'm using Retin-a 0.025 gel version of tretinoin. My review is more of an encouragement rather than full review. My full review will happen after at least a year of usage. Current usage - 2 months. So, you see, within 2 months of usage already deserves a 8 score rating from me. I could easily give it higher but I rather wait for my full review. Now, I have read many of what the users said here and on the Internet. It will be best for new users not to pay too much attention of users below 2 months of usage. Because all you hear is pain, breakout, worries and eventually the key way they use = give up. It 's your choice. But please read those who have actually used tretinoin for at least 6 months.
Was prescribed gabapentin for. Restless burning legs at nite 300 mg. I heard some bad review is so didn 't  really take it. Got hurt at work aggravating my sciatica in my left leg and knee to the point that nothing took the pain away. So I started taking 600 mg 2 times a day and I can say so far it definitely gives me about 75/90 % relief of my sciatic pain especially when I take Motrin 800 mg with it. Hope it continues to work
I 've been on this 7-8 years and it works well. I able to maintain my idle body weight. When 1st taking it, I was starving and ate everything under the soon. After adjusting to the medicine, I 'm able to stay at 115 lbs which is perfect for me. I also have fibromyalgia and feel tired all the time.
Zyban is a very strange feeling. I have been on it for three days and my urges are way down. I still fight triggers like coffee and post eating but even when I tried to smoke it tasted very strange and made me feel a little dizzy. Well see how the next couple of weeks go but I 'm excited to quit! Only drawback is it is really hard to fall asleep.
Turns out I jumped the gun in touting  xifaxan as a potential prednisone replacement for flare remission - at least on it 's own. The initial symptomatic relief continued but hit a plateau, requiring the addition of a corticosteroid. So my Dr. additionally put me on entocort ec, but this flare remains stubborn. No longer willing to suffer, I requested prednisone. Day 3 and striking improvements. I will taper off the pred using entocort to reap the corticosteroid benefits while minimizing the nasty side-effects. But because Xifaxan is so well tolerated, I stayed on it and will continue - probably even after a hopefully successful taper off the pred and entocort. I 'm curious as to whether Xifaxan can be used in conjunction with probiotics.
I reccently started the Yasmin pill and at first I honestly didn 't think I would be able to carry on with it because it was making me feel so nauseous! I also got really bad headaches which caused me to be really moody. However, my doctor told me to give it a few weeks to settle and for my system to get used to it. I was not happy about this let me say! I wanted to scream at her to feel how ill I felt. It got better though on the fifth day I woke up and I felt fine all of a sudden, all of the side effects I was feeling had just gone. I had terrible skin and it has make my skin so much better and I feel fine now. If you 're taking it and you 're feeling ill like I did - I know it feels like crap but honestly just hold on cause it will go.
I have struggled with acne since I was fifteen and nothing I would take or use helped it ever, and I did not want to take acutane. My doctor suggested I take birth control to help clear my skin and this has made my skin completely clear and I 'm very glad. I did break out worse for the first three months but then my skin was completely clear, I did not gain weight in fact I lost two pounds at first, and it did make my boobs bigger, and they were sore at first but nothing terrible. The only problem I have is that it does make me really emotional the week before or the week after my period but nothing extreme, just irritability, sometimes crying at random things.
So far so good with the Hysingla ER 20mg 1x per day. I was on 4-10/325 Loratabs per day. My doctor recently put me on Hysingla with 2-10/325 Loratabs for break through pain. I have been on it for 3 days and I can already tell you that it has an amazing effect on my pain. It is not totally gone and I know it never will but it has helped so much! I have spinal stenosis and a few disk problems along with nerve problems! I highly suggest trying this!!
This medicine has helped bring cysts to the surface and clear them.  Redness persists on cheeks though. Skin will look completely clear one day and a large cyst like pimple will still develop and appear the next day.  I have read absorption rate increases by taking it with fatty foods so need to make a habit of that.  Back of upper arms gets very red and dry and needed a steroid prescribed to help with that.  Back and chest cleared completely.  Dr. Dan lip ointment worked wonders for dry lips.
I have been on Januvia for about a year and a half. My AIC went down from 9.0 to 8.0. However, I have developed nausea, dizziness, vomiting which I never know when it will hit. Had colonoscopy and they found nothing. In last six months developed dumbness in my right arm and hand, reflux which keeps me up at night, constant urination about every 45 minutes and fatigue (this has added three more pills to my daily intake for those symptoms). Told my doctor and he said to keep taking Januvia and that I was not getting any younger. However, I read here that others have similar side affects once on Junuvia.
I have been on this pill for almost 2 months, being the first pill I 've ever tried. I have no complaints in the effectiveness, when taken the same time every day, give or take 5 or 10 mins, it prevents pregnancy. However, I 've unfortunately suffered the side effects, the first month I was spotting for about 2 weeks until my period which thankfully was now only 2 days long vs my previous heavy 5-7 days I normally had. I had intense headaches, nausea, and occasional mood swings. Another side effect that wasn 't common (as far as I can see from these reviews, yet still possible) vaginal itching in this second month. It is bothersome. Yet, these side effects seem to be diminishing, I 'm not complaining, this is just my body getting used to it.
I 've been off and on of this medication for about 8 years. I originally started it to help me quit smoking (which worked wonders for me, I was able to quit) and later was put back on it for seasonal depression disorder. It helps me a lot with depression, especially as it worsens in the winter. Side effects I experience is increased anxiety, heart palpitations, increased heart rate. I 've been on 300 mg (150mg twice a day) before and my anxiety was horrible. If you 're on a higher dose and suffer with anxiety you may want to try a lower dose. I currently take 150 mg a day and it 's very helpful. It gives you that spark of motivation you need in the mornings.
I have been on Adipex for two days now. Already I can feel the difference. Food is no longer an obsession and I want to do other things. I 've not so far had any side effects except for the super dry mouth that everyone describes, just adds to my water intake so I am fine with that. I do not want to eat. I have to actually be hungry to eat. I lost 3.4 lbs in two days time. I can 't wait to see what happens with this pill. I weigh 255 and that is too much, I wasn 't even that big when I was pregnant. Weird thing too when I actually do get hungry, I crave healthy veggies and fruits and such! I do feel a bit of a  'rush ' about an hour after taking it, goes away after a bit. First day I was a bit shaky but didn 't experience that since.
It works.
2 years of living with physical symptoms such as nausea, headaches, dry mouth.. Not knowing what it was.. I was at the doctors almost every week getting every test imaginable! Changed doctors about 12 times... Finally one suggests that I might have Anxiety. 7 weeks of seeing a psychologist, didn 't help! On my first week of 5mg, and then up to 10mg next week... So far so good! Not really any symptoms, so I 'm liking it!
I developed genital warts while pregnant and was given this cream. When I first applied the cream it didn 't itch, it only itched when I woke up at 4am to pee (pregnancy bladder) so I went ahead and washed it off after 5 hours every time I used it. I 've only used it twice and my warts, I had a couple big ones and some small ones, are almost totally gone! The itching was bearable, but the key to it being bearable and it not driving you insane is using VASELINE! USE VASELINE WITH THIS PRODUCT! I applied vaseline to the skin around my warts to protect it from this powerful cream, and have no redness or irritation.
My husband is currently hospitalized for the 3rd time in 15 months. Thanks to Invega, I had the first real conversation with him last night in over a year. He says he finally has a clear head and he feels great! Hopefully, this is our answer. I am keeping my finger crossed.
Best thing thy ever happened to me. Been taking it for a year and a half and can 't even explain the unexplainable things it has done for me.It has boosted my confidence tramendousely, it has given me a stronger, more independent mind set, reduced my panic attacks dramatically, reduced my feel for depression, it has given me the ability to be myself. You wouldn 't understand how much of an improvement it 's made as you didn 't see how low of a place I was in, I was suicidal, depressed, angry, tired, panicky all day every day, until I finally found sertraline! Although the only problem is I get a bit drowsy some times but I believe that is involved with the smoking... But over all sertraline saved my life!! X
I just finished my active pills two days ago and still haven 't gotten my period. My acne has cleared up a little bit but not entirely. The only downside so far has been a little bit of stomach cramping.
OA/DDD spine: Switched from oxycontin, to fentanyl patches, &gt;15 yrs, Watson gel patch: terrible irritation/rash &amp; v. poor adhesion. Switched to Mylan brand, 25 mcg, then 50 mcg, roxicet for bt pain.  As many of you, I felt a lot of pain relief and was able to be physically active... gardening, bike riding, walking 4 mi..  I switched to Mallincrodt oxcodone 5 mg, (there is a difference in brands!).      Inc in pain, yr ago tried 75 mcg, but didn 't like: dizziness, headaches, incontinence. Quit fentanyl (5 weeks) tried gabapentin: vertigo, fell down stairs, etc!!      Back to Mylan 37.5 mcg (1/1/17 inc $12 to 75) &amp; oxcodone 5mg.   Not enough, will see pain management Dr., this wk. (seen him for years)    INSIST ON PAIN MANAGEMENT SP
I had my first round 6 months ago sitting here starting my 2nd round as we speak. No side effects and even though my joints are still swollen I feel so much better. My dr is hopeful that this round will help with the inflammation. I 'll get my 2nd dose with this round in 2 weeks!! I 'm hopeful and thankful
I have been on fluoxetine now for 7 months. The first couple of weeks I was sick feeling but within 2 months my husband and I could tell a big difference with my anxiety. The down fall is the weight gain and after about 3 months I have to take a midday nap. I have gain 18 pounds in the past 7 months that is the outcome of 3-4 am nightly hunger and cravings. I am now trying to fight the naps to sleep all night without waking up. It is difficult some days but it is better then having anxiety attacks.
I had my left ovary removed in September of 2015 because of a 10cm cyst that was twisting my ovary, cutting off blood supply. After my surgery they put me on birth control immediately to prevent another cyst from growing on my other ovary. Previfem has been working well for me, the only symptoms I have had have been fatigue, a little bit of weight gain (about 5 pounds) and some mood swings. Other than that I have not had any problems. My period is shorter, lighter and I no longer get cramps like I used to. Overall my experience with this birth control has been great.
I have been addicted o opiates for 8 years, so bad that towards the end I was doctor shopping. The fear of getting caught led me to research methadone treatment. I 've been going to the clinic for almost 2 years and I 'm so proud to say I 've been clean this long. I haven 't had cravings for opiates, nor have I thought about relapsing. I am finally able to take care of my son, take care of my responsibilities, and live my life. I can honestly say, it saved my life. My family was against it at first, until they saw the major change in me. Now, they are more supportive and they agree with my decision. Without methadone, I KNOW I 'd be dead from an overdose or in jail.
I started taking this a week ago I think, I never wanted to use meds but I 'm in the middle of a major depressive episode that began around mid-late October. I 'm a single mom of a 4 year old. I feel like she takes more care of me then I can her sometimes and that makes me feel awful. I decided to ask my for my doctor to do something because I figured nothing could feel worse. Day 1 I had a lot of energy, days 2-4 I was very anxious and irrate over nothing. That has now passed but I still don 't feel better, not really. I don 't feel overwhelmed with the feeling of wanting to die, so I guess that 's good but I still feel it. I 'm not suicidal though, I have been in years. I just don 't want to move out of my bed clean the house or do anything really.
Lexapro has been the only antidepressant I 've taken that has alleviated my depression at all. It worked well for me and it started working within 2 days! I could laugh again and my anxiety went down. I took 20 mg daily. Unfortunately, within 6 months I gained 25 lbs! That was the only drawback and I had to stop taking it bc of the weight gain. The first couple times I took it, everything looked fuzzy and psychedelic but that went away quickly. I 'd say it 's definitely worth a try if you 're depressed or anxious.
Started this week and can see small improvements, hopefully it keeps going this way and I 'll feel good about myself again
I dreaded so did not have a colonoscopy until I had to. The doctor saw my trepidation so gave me Supra to take, since you would be able to drink less. He told me the prep would be, as I have heard, terrible but the procedure was easy.  I did not read anything on line about Supra, as I didn 't want to &quot;scare&quot; myself. But maybe I should have. The first bottle tasted awful but I got it down, and drank the required water within the hour. The second bottle was vile, had a huge problem getting it down. Now I wish I had seen the hints with mixing it with Crystal Light, or having a lemon handy. Funny, others said the second bottle was worse also. Never would have been able to drink the double dose. Procedure easier than prep as dr. said.
I am taking Gleevec after surgery, to remove 15ccmm tumor. It has been 7 months and I am tumor free. The main side effects of taking Gleevec has been abdominal bloating with pain, at times severe. I am able to handle the side effects for the most part, but when it becomes too much, I just reduce my dose for a few days until I feel better, normally or for two days a week. I was on Gleevec for 5 months prior to surgery. It didn 't reduce the tumor, but it stop its growth and reduced the density considerably.
This medecine delivers as promised as far as pain relief. I noticed a reduction in pain 3 days into taking it. The only pain it doesnt eliminate is my lower back pain. It even helps with my migraines! Negatives are the side effects when getting used to the med (nausea, fatigue) and the fact that your body gets used to it so you have to keep upping the dosage. Recommend starting out on the lowest dosage possible.
Okay so I have been on Klonopin for about 3 months and might I say it 's AWESOME. I have severe anxiety and get panic attacks quite often which are bad and it finally got to point where I couldn 't eat or sleep I basically couldn 't function. When I first started taking it I was zonked out. They made me so tired but my tolerance has gone up so much and 3 doesn 't even do anything to me now so that 's the downside. On the up side when the dosage does work your anxiety is completely gone and you just feel so chill yet able to function (at least for me). Hopefully my dosage will be upped and I 'll be happy again. I definitely recommend Klonopin as always be careful and have a wonderful day.
Lessened my trips to the bathroom but increased stomach pain.  Palpitations and increased acne also.  Stopped after 2 weeks on it.
So I originally  started on camrese for dealing with my heavy flow/painful periods (like super painful) and when I started I was bleeding for over 2 weeks!! I hated it, it wasn 't a lot of blood more like light but it was frustrating as I was not comfortable with having to wear pads all the time so I went other my doctor and she prescribed Junel  fe. It was  terrible I had irritability, nausea, etc. So I asked to go back to camrese and it worked for the first  5 months no problem but then I had spotting again. So I asked for a new pill but that made my period  twice as heavy flow. I then asked my doctor if I could have the same hormones in camrese but for monthly and not yearly but she said I can  do that myself, I love it now!
64 yrs old, difficulty sustaining an erection, have tried Viagra, Cialis, Levitra and now Stendra.  Viagra gave me irregular heartbeat, Cialis gave me the worst headache and severe facial flushing but worked great, Levitra had lesser side effects but stopped working despite increasing the dosage.  Have used Stendra about 4 months now, have had to increase the dose steadily, now it is effective at 250 mg and still very limited side effects, a slight headache sometimes, no body or back ache, slight facial flushing, so basically it is the best erectile dysfunction medicine I 've yet tried.
I have been on the pill since I was 15 and decided to switch to the shot last year because my insurance didn 't cover Nexplanon.  At the start of 2013 they started covering it so I got it.  The first month I was super moody and depressed.  The next 5 months were terrible!  I had acne, hair loss, &amp; weight gain.  I almost got it taken out but my doctor said to give it more time.  He was right, after 8 months, the acne calmed down, I stopped losing hair and I haven 't had a period since!  I love this thing, and I highly recommend it over the IUD which apparently always moves and hurts really bad.  Just give it time to mix with your body, no pain no gain ladies!
My DR started me on this pill 2 months ago. I 'm 22 and have never been sexually active. She started me on this pill because my PCOS made me not get a period in over a year. My period came back on week 3 of the pill, then continued for 2 weeks. It was very heavy and painful, but I guess that 's what happens when you don 't get one in 15 months. Things seem to be levelling out no in terms of side effects. The first 2 weeks, I was an emotional train-wreck, I 've gained a bit of weight, but I 'm also on some new meds for my diabetes, which could also be the cause. The only really bad side effect are that my breasts are really tender. Other than that, it 's been great.
Even though I had lots of side effects from this medication including over sleeping, day time fatigue and nausea it still helped me get a decent night 's sleep and helped with the nerve pain when combined with Cymbalta. I 'm taking a lower dose (50mg) and as time goes by the side effects are lessening.
I have been on trinessa for about 8 months now.  It has done a great job at preventing pregnancy and it also has cleared up my face a lot!  People have even noticed and told me how much better my skin looks.  I do feel like the pill does make me more emotional and more moody.  I use to never get cramps and now I get them on the first day of my period.  Also, my boobs have not gotten any bigger :/  Overall I think the pill does its job and I 'm happy about that!
I was very scared at first after reading so many bad reviews but decided to go through with it as I figured everybody is different.  The procedure was very quick,  I was on my period when I had it done, I 'm not going to lie, it hurt but it passed pretty fast.  My period stopped within a day, however I continue to have discharge with a tint of blood.  I didn 't experience bad cramps or anything like other users have described.  For me, it was worth taking the chance, I 'm not planning on having more kids and I have endometriosis and am hopeful that this will help with that.  Do your research, we all react different to medication, check with your Dr. and make sure this is the best option for you. I will leave another review in a few months.
This med gives me the best relief.
I have been taking Humira for three months. In the beginning my pain worsened and I got one sinus infection after another. Now I seldom have infections, I think I am more careful.The pain in my hands and feet are much improved, and my elbows and shoulders are a little better. I also have Fibromyalgia so it 's hard to distinguish what pain is from what. This week I am getting waves of dizziness that lasts for several hours at a time. I also have what feels like a tennis ball implanted in the back base of my skull. At least my hands and feet warm up quicker in the morning.
My doctor started me on two doses daily (am and pm) in August, 2011.  The second day on it, I was on a camping trip and developed an itchy rash on my lower arms and hands, and my lower legs. I didn 't connect it to the Ranexa so I went to my regular doctor and my dermatologist.  The dermatologist told me to stop taking the Ranexa and wait for my my cardiologist to come back in town. As it turned out I was having a &quot;sun sensitivity&quot; to the medicine. He cut my dosage to once at night and I have not had any more problems with a rash.  However, a month or so after I started taking the medicine, I started having &quot;shaking episodes&quot;.  I did tell my cardiologist the last time I saw him.  It is mainly my hands shaking.
Lexapro has helped my anxiety and depression and I am glad to be on it. Started in January of 2002 and it brought me back to my senses and I was able to get out of a bad relationship and meet my husband. The side effects are minimal and blend into my daily life without much thought. Sexual side effects can be frustrating but my husband and I have a system figured out that works for us. I will be upping to 20 mg from 15 mg because of some social anxiety over the last few months from a job loss and the isolation and excess worry that followed. For panic, I take klonopin which has been a life saver. Once Lexapro kicked in, I felt like I had always wanted to feel since the age of 15 - normal! Not sad, not scared, not worried or anxious.
Very good drug. Has worked very well for my daughter 's ear infections.
I have been taking Lutera since Aug 2012 and everything is good. I did gain a couple extra pounds (which I shed off pretty quick due to having a fast metabolism) but that beats being pregnant when you are not ready. Also my breasts are HUGE and I am LOVING it! I have been taking this because of my irregular periods. I did have slight bleeding a few months ago for about 2-3 days but after reading the pamphlet, that was listed as a side effect. I have noticed that I am a bit more moody but all in all it works great for me. Everybody is different so if it works for you, great. If not there are dozens of other pills/methods.
I 've been on 40 mg viibryd for 8 mos.  Not too many side effects..e.g. no dry mouth, no nightmares, no high anxieties.  A little insomnia requiring Benadryl. I had severe diarrhea until about a week ago but it was semi-controllable with Imodium.  I feel functional but still have 2-3 day periods of depression which are difficult to wade through so it has not kept me completely stable. Missing 1 dose sends me way down within 2 days....change is very abrupt so I know the drug is working.  Day-to-day energy level only so-so on Viibryd but I think my logical thinking has improved and words are not as difficult to find as when I was on other meds. This is huge for me. I 'd like a little more stability but for now the plusses &gt;negatives for Viibyd
Lowers blood sugar but causes heartburn.
I had the Mirena put in after the pill failed again and my second child was born. It 's worry free - also stopped my horrible cramps I used to have and my recurring ovarian cysts. Negative side though, zero sex drive. But I would rather have that than the chance of falling pregnant again.
It does work fast. Usually I can get rid of it in 2-4 days. The only issue I have is the cream is a dark white color so if I apply it to my lip, the white cream is very noticeable on my lip. In public, I would have to wipe part of it off so no one would see that I have white cream on my lip. I wish this cream was more transparent.
This pill is my first one and it 's okay BUT My acne is not gone already (after 3 months). I have cystic acne in the chin, around the mouth. Maybe I have to wait more... Also, it gave me vaginal dryness -_- (the lube don 't help) so I have to buy products (like Vagisil Prohydrate, Replens) to help this condition.
Definitely helps with nasal allergy symptoms but the side effects are not worth it. Thankful to googling &amp; finding this site because I thought I 'ld have to take myself to the ER. Jittery, rapid heartbeat, anxiety either from Claritin or from worrying about the jittery uneasy feelings. Thanks to everyone who has shared here. I think I 'll just suffer my allergy symptoms naturally.
I was told to take norethindrone for 10 days... no biggie compared to some of you who have been on it for years!....  its officially been 9 days....  and I am so excited to be done!!!  So I started taking these pills because I haven 't had a period for more than a year...  and my doc said this would jump start it.  He said that the meds would give bloodflow to my uterine lining and once there was no pills everything would just come out.....lets hope its true because I sure as hell didn 't do this for nothing....I have been really hormonal.... crying alot... angry at my husband for no reason...  really irritable....almost any sound annoys meI hope I never have to take this again
I have metastatic breast cancer. I found IV dilauded, self-administered thru my port to be the most effective pain management strategies I have had thus far. My doc and palliative care nurse are encouraging me to shift to using a pain pump for more continuous pain control and decrease side effects from varying levels of dilauded. I can see how dependency could be an issue. I 'm not personally concerned because I have a terminal condition, however, especially because it does give me a feeling of well being and pain reduction is immediate that could be a problem for those with chronic pain.
Take at night, and once I fall asleep, it helps. Doesn 't stop the pain/discomfort of trying to get comfortable to fall asleep.
I had warts a few years back and used the cream. They recently reappeared but I 'm using the cream again. It was very effective the first time around. I didn 't have to use it for that long before seeing improvements! Hoping for a similar  experience this time around.
I was put on 20 mg of Celexa, been about a month now. I had a hysterectomy and going through instant menopause at the age of 43 and I can 't take any hormones so my anxiety levels where through the roof. This medicine has helped. My nervousness and shaking has subsided. There are side effects but some go away eventually. Glad I took it because I almost didn 't. 
After 30  years of less than a pack a day I tried this gum (the patch, cold turkey, worked for a period of time) and I have to say it works well in that it eliminates the desire, quickly.  I have limited my use to six pieces a day and I generally have the urge when I would normally take a break at work - really seems to take the craving away and I 'm getting a lot more work done, for sure!  Stick with it - I 'm about to wean off (hopefully) using regular sugar-free gum as a substitute.  Good luck!
Breast cancer left side and radiation damage.  My left arm is in constant pain.  I work long hours so don 't want to make any pain meds during work but want something to help me sleep through the night - pain relieve.  The OTC meds is tearing my stomach and cause uncontrol bowel movement.  Would this help with pain so I can rest?  It 's been over 16 months and I have not had more than 6 hour sleep.  I also want to make sure this is not habit forming
I have had Irritable Bowel Syndrome-C for most of my adult life, and this medicine is the only thing that calms everything down. I do not take it every day - only when things get intolerable, and even then I usually try to take it at night, as it does cause drowsiness and &quot;cognitive impairment.&quot;  It definitely works, though! In my opinion, it 's worth a try.
As far as a sleep medication it works great, as far as anxiety medication I find that Ativan, klonopin and most benzodiazepines work better for me as anxiety medications but that is just my own personal experience with anxiety medications. 
I have been taking this medication for a little over 2 months for scalp psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.  I have been lucky and experienced no adverse side effects except for several  minutes of minor nausea during the  first week or so of beginning it. My scalp cleared almost completely within 2-3 weeks.  The itchiness is gone as well. The swelling in my hands has decreased  about  20 to 25 percent and I am hoping for  more  as I reach the 4 to 5 month mark. I was able to  remove  a ring that I was sure would need to be cut off. I also have had no other side effects that others have reportedsuch as mood changes, headache, diarrhea,  etc. I want others to know about good  experiences so they won 't be scared off. I will report back soon.
I have been taking truvada, selzentry, lexiva, norVir for 10 yrs..was not happy about some of these meds being discontinued..I am allergic to alot of meds.I have been positive since&quot;87&quot;. I have been undetectable for 8. T-cells are 285.I have been taken genvoya for 1 month, 1 week.  1st week was rough..nausea, diarrhea, fever....but I stuck it out.Hope this medicine helps us all. Do not give up..
I have been taking Zyrtec for about 2 years for hayfever. I have noticed that it doesn 't seem to be working as well for my symptoms as it did at first. I stopped taking it 3 days ago and now I am experiencing severe itching on my hands and feet.
I have been taking Prozac for almost 2 yrs for my OCD and depression. The medicine has done wonders for my disability but has done nothing good for my relationship with my boyfriend. Prozac has taken my sex drive completely away. We try everything to bring it back but nothing works. I had no choice but to take myself off the medicine.
Early pregnancy loss was a huge issue. I have been on prometrium since day after ovulation. I am 18 weeks pregnant. Drs wanted me to stop at 14 weeks I had extra and continued. I ran out for two days and started having contractions. My Dr decided it was best to stay on prometrium due to evidence of risked preterm labor.
I have been on 10mg it for 8 weeks and it works well for me. I did not want to go up to 20mg but I was going through some ups and downs so my Dr. recommended I go up to 20mg.  This is my 4 day on it and seems to be working better. I did not have any sexual side effects or notifiable weight gain but I do seem to have some tingling sensation in my head.  This is my first time on Antidepressants.
Started working within 24 hours! (2 doses) reduced inflammation of a huge deep cyst on my chin. The rest of my face seems to be clearing as well..and its only been a day
I always have a pain during my period and sometimes it pains really bad! So I took mefenamic tablets as my doctor prescribed and it really worked on me. It hardly took 10-15 minutes to ease the pain but I always felt dizzy after taking 1 tablet! I sometimes took 1/2 tablet during lesser pain which still worked out for me!
Depakote has really helped to get me out of the fog of mania. By the same token, so has lithium. I have found, though, that taking both together (by a doctor 's suggestion) keeps the number of episodes pretty low. I don 't know about anyone else, but sometimes when I get manic, I spiral out of control and actually experience psychosis ( which is terrible). Good medicine though...better with other medicines.
After 5 years on Paxil, then 2 years on Paxil CR, I weaned myself off in 2 months. I had severe nausea, and abdominal pain for 3 months. I am back on Paxil 10 mg.daily, under a Physician Assistant 's care to eventually wean off. Nausea is gone, as is the abdominal pain. It was so bad for those three months, I was hardly able to function, because of the extreme nausea.
My neighbors cat scratched and bit me. At first I thought I sprained my wrist doing something but when my wrist was red like a lobster swelling in pain and pus draining from bite I knew it was due to the cat bite. Went to ER they said I had cellulitis. They gave me an i.v. of this then prescribed it. For ten days. Started to work immediately. I had mild diarrhea for the first three days felt nauseous and very groggy, trouble thinking clearly. I still have dark urine but wrist is just about completely healed. I 'm on day 6, 4 more days to go.  Then I 'm done regular amoxicillin made me feel weird but didn 't give me much side effects however I was prescribed amoxicillin for abscessed teeth.
It worked for me after about four days, which is all I could take.  It relieves my constant back muscle spasms, but it knocks you out!  It does make you feel very &quot;on medication&quot; in a very unpleasant sort of way. Difficult to perform everyday tasks such as driving.
Seems to be working for me, but time will tell if it helps to prevent recurring infections, as like many, I am very susceptible to UTI 's.  I have no antibiotic resistance that I know of, but I would rather not take them if I can avoid it!  Re: concerns about formation of formaldehyde in the gut, that sounded scary to me too, but after a bit of reading I learned that formaldehyde does not accumulate in the body.  The body metabolises it to formic acid, which acidifies the urine and kills the bugs (it is an antibacterial and often used as a preservative in food).  That said, formaldehyde is a known carcinogen so I will be monitoring my use.
I developed kidney stones on 2 separate occasions in 3 months so I finally switched.  Evidently a listed side effect is &quot;propensity to develop kidney stones&quot;.  I felt drowsy like I was in a fog.
I 've had chronic, unmanageable insomnia for almost 7 years. It took my life from me. I never thought it would reach the point where my doctor--who I no longer see--gave me HUGE amounts of medicine and put me in a mental hospital for 3 days! I found a sleep specialist who confirmed I am NOT CRAZY, he tried me on a few medicines that didn 't work--I was getting roughly 2-4 hours per night for YEARS--and finally, he tried this medicine. WOW. It 's not perfect because my illness iS an illness that I will struggle with for a long time, but I 've been getting better. My life was a disaster for so long that I cried every single day. Now, I 'm beginning to feel like myself again. I hope you all do too.
I was in a really bad flare for months, fearing that new level of pain and intensity was becoming my body 's norm. I 'm grateful I was able to get in touch with a doctor that recommended Gabapentin and Flexeril.  Been taking both, more of the Gabapentin for just over a week.  My dosage will be increased, but as of now I 'm taking 300mg of Gabapentin 4 to 5 times a day.  I really notice the biggest relief after the first hour, then it seems to taper off.  I feel like there is hope again with the relief I 've experienced on this medication.  I will be asking on my next visit about the dosage or difference in how it releases into the body, so that my pain stays at the lower levels. If you haven 't tried this medicine, I 'd highly recommend to do so.
Gave me rash/hives.
I tried this pill after my first son. I did have the occasional spotting mostly because I didn 't start my first pill on Sunday after my first period and I took it for 2 years no problems. Right after coming off of it I got pregnant with no problem now 4 weeks after my second son I 'm going to go back on this pill. Great choice of birth control for me. Very effective even after missing a pill or 2.
I started using birth control for heavy periods senior year of high school. I first used enkysence and it gave me bad nausea and horrible acne. I switched to this and I am on my fourth pack. It keeps my periods lighter and doesn 't make me break out. The only problem I have had is if I don 't take it within two hours of the time I take it everyday I will start having light bleeding. I don 't get nausea and only had mood swings the first week.
I first took this 1.5 yrs ago. I knew there was no chance of me getting pregnant as I was to get my period any day, but my bf insisted, so I took it. Was a little nauseous and tired and got my period three days later as usual. I took it recently after unprotected sex with FWB when ovulating. I messed up my ovulation calculations and freaked out when I realized. Took the pill 21 hours after sex and had a terrible feeling. Was tired that week but that was it. Next week I was sure I was pregnant. Cramping, tired, breast changes, dizzy at times, diarrhea, and nauseous, especially in the evening and at night. I 'm a divorced mother so I know what being pregnant feels like and I was panicked. Got my period four days early. So happy!!!!
This drug helped me control my eating habits and lowered my weight. However, I developed constipation.
While this and Cialis may be WONDEFUL for men....what about us women??  We sure could use something to help us!!This works wonders for my hubby...but it 's killing me!!  Once, even twice in a day is GREAT...but this  'old ' lady can 't keep up with this.
I started contrave on March 23rd.  I have not had any side effects and try to take it with some yogurt.  I am 5 '5 and weigh 250lbs.  After taking this medicine for 4 days I have lost 5lbs.  I am pretty happy with the results so far.  Will update later after I 've been on it for a while.  My insurance would not cover it originally but my doctor faxed over for a prior authorization and my insurance approved it so I only had to pay $47.
I wrote a review my first week and at the time I had gain 2lbs. Today is 1 month and I have lost between 9-11lbs. I was skeptical in the beginning due to weight gain and because I was not experiencing the serious side effects I didn 't think it was going to work. I still have minimal side of effects however I am no longer sleepy during the day.  Sometime dry mouth and constipation which I eat prunes and drink water that does the trick. Follow the schedule to take meds. I still have 74lbs to go and I am still excited!
I 'm sharing this to dim the fear in everyone 's head from the rest of these comments I took this medication because I found out I had chlamydia I was extremely anxious because I have horrendous allergies to a lot of antibiotics I had four 250g white pills in the clinic free of charge and expected the worse So I took the medication at 9:30 in the morning by 10 I felt like I was gonna throw up but didn 't, the nausea lasted 30 mins max. I got home by 11 went straight to bed woke up around 2 and was fine and it 's currently the next day and I have had one dump (not diarrhoea) and I 've had no other issues There 's hope after all ! Enjoy being chlamydia free everyone x
I was prescribed augmentin for a dental infection/tooth abscess. When I went to the dentist, I had already been on 3 or 4 days of penicillin. The penicillin didn 't seem to be clearing the infection, and the dentist couldn 't get me in for a root canal for another week. There the augmentin came into play. The first dose I took on an empty stomach (couldn 't eat with my throbbing face). So I had some nausea and just figured it normal. The next dose I took with food, as directed. I puked viciously. I took another dose or two and had similar results... so much nausea and vomiting, it was hard to appreciate the fact my face wasn 't throbbing. So it works well on infections, hard on the stomach though.
This worked fast and worked extreme. While it did help with the colon spasms it gave me severe diarrhea and abdominal cramping. I was waking in the middle of the night having to urgently use the toilet. This medicine does work, it 's just not for me.
I have been suffering with Auto Immune Chronic Urticaria with Angioedema since August 2010. I am so over these HIVES. I was also diagnosed with a mild case of (ITP) Idiopathic Thrombocytopenia (low platelet count) in August as well. Since then I have been on a roller coaster with these hives.  One day I am hive free, the next day I wake up with swollen lips then a few days later my arms, back and legs are covered in hives. Since August I have been on Benadryl, Atarax, Singular, Zantac, Zyrtec, Claratin, methylprednisolone just to name a few.  A few days ago I looked on the internet and saw Xyzal. I immediately called my allergist and asked for it. I couldn%u2019t believe that it was $113.99 for 30 tabs. It was worth a try. Today is day number three on the medication and I do notice a BIG difference. I still have a few hives here and there but overall, it is a LIFE SAVER to me. I have not noticed any major side effects so far. I have been a little drowsy and I am shocked at that because NOTHING makes me sleepy. I have a feeling my Hubby will have to put this one in the budget! 
I would personally give QVAR 80 a 10 out of 10.  I used my albuterol rescue inhaler 2-3 times a day and 1-2 in the middle of the night.  I 'd wake up tight-chested and wheezing for no reason, exercise gave me asthma attacks as did my animal/plant allergies, changes in the weather and even laughing.  Since being on QVAR, I don 't use my albuterol at all, like once every couple of months.  That 's why I was so happy for my 5 1/2 year old son when his pediatrician put him on QVAR...he only had attacks when he had a virus.  Every single cold would go directly to his chest.  However, after being on QVAR for 4 weeks (and not having had any colds, we don 't know its effectiveness) he has been having the most long, dragged out and intense tantrums.
I 've had paraguard since 2012 and I 've not had any pregnancy mishaps. I check my string regularly and my cycles are normal. When I first had it put in my periods were very heavy with more cramping. Sometimes it would be lighter and at other times it would be so heavy I 'd change a super tampon every hour and still bleed through! This has improved greatly with time. The only side effects that I have had is I have cyst to rupture maybe 2x year and I gained weight right before getting this put in and I 've still not been able to lose the weight. I will get this taken out in the next year d/t starting a family but I will get another one once we are done growing our family. I enjoy this product and it 's easy to maintain; no hormones, no forgetting
I 'm 24, in gradschool and I 've been taking the 70mg for about four months.  At first I lost ten pounds but now have maintained my appetite.  When I don 't take it I do feel an uncontrollable desire to eat a lot.  I have difficulty sleeping at night and sometimes won 't fall asleep until 3 or 4 am, and I take the medicine as soon as I wake up. I think it works best a few hours after taking it. Feel no anxiety and accomplish a lot- but then wears off by the afternoon.  Also I was prescribed an anti-depressant before but I feel this somewhat takes care of that. I still prefer taking Vyvanse now but I do think I 'll stop for a while after graduating because I 'm not sure about the long term effects.
I 've been taking Latuda for about half a year already. It has stopped the voices, and visual hallucinations for a little while. But then they come back after awhile, I 'm on the highest dose right now 160mg and I have had less frequent hallucinations but they are still there. I am currently taking it with 5mg of Zyprexa. I also have noticed a notable amount of weight gain, I went from 130lbs to 170lbs. I 'm also on 5 other medications, so it 's hard to target which is causing the weight gain. I 'm also concerned about my blood sugar and the possibility of getting diabetes.
The first time I took Hydroxychloroquine is last year in March.I was swelling and after taking the drug 200 mg for a few days, my swelling subsided and I was feeling normal again. I found it best to take after lunch but had to take it everyday. I did try to skip a day or two a few months after that but I can see and feel the swelling come back. After that, I try not to skip taking the drug. I was only able to stop taking this medication last August of this year, when I was determined to be happy and accomplish in what I wanted to learn. I accomplished that and went on without the drug until end of October (2 months). I gave up hope learning that topic and feel RA coming back now. I will try not to give up that topic so can stop taking drug
I have Parkinson 's, which often has insomnia as a symptom.  Sometimes I could not get any sleep at all for three or four nights. True. I tried Zopiclone which gave me four hours sleep at doses of 7.5mg, but I felt yucky next day.  My GP recommended 30mg of amitriptyline per night which generally gives me five hours sleep and I feel OK the next day. This is a wonderful medicine which has improved my life.
Works fairly well on the ulcers, but the side effects are terrible.  two days in my knee swelled to twice the normal size and I can 't stand on it. Fever and headache constant. ache all over. eyes hurt.  Going back to Colazol.
My anxiety has improved and I am sleeping much better. Only possible problem I have noticed is a dip in my mood on the depressed side.
I have only been taking Desogen for two weeks now, but I feel like I 've been a lot more emotional lately. I literally can 't control myself. It hasn 't started problems in my relationship because my boyfriend is very understanding. I have also been getting a lot of breakthrough bleeding but maybe it 's because it 's only my first time taking the medicine. My periods are light in the beginning and super heavy towards the end!
It obviously affects everyone differently. I 've been taking Fluoxetine for about 10 years 20mg per day.  Yes it has some side effects which are difficult to anticipate and manage, it can make me overly excited, and at times a little euphoric, which arrives quickly making it difficult to contain. On the other side I suffered from manic depression and I used to happily go into a black hole in a blind rage, and the medication just stopped that completely so I feel like it 's a very positive trade off.  I do get very sleepy, and tired so honestly I just sleep more? I tried reducing my dosage a couple of times over the years I 've been taking this but could not handle the withdrawal.
I have had Nexplanon for about 2 months now and my spotting just stopped about a week ago. Constant spotting was frustrating but worth the effectiveness against pregnancy. Lately my problem has been extreme breast pain. Standing up even causes them to be sore. For the most part I love Nexplanon but some of the side effects are hard to live with. I recommend it for people who are willing to wait through side effects and see what happens after a few months. If you don 't think you can handle certain side effects then don 't try it, they 're too common in users. I 'm going to see how I feel in a couple months and decide whether it 's right for me or not!
I 've been on 10 mg for over a month.  It has made a huge difference in my BS levels.  My fasting and evening BS was in the 200 's now it 's 120-170.  I 've lost 12 pounds but I am dieting too.  I 've noticed only a slight increase in urination and I 'm definitely more thirsty.  I think the drug makes me tired though.  I 'm hoping that gets better as time goes on.  I haven 't had any other side effects.
I am taking 1mg 4x daily. I have had some deaths in my family and have been more anxious. Should my dose be increased?
Not able to take NSAIDS! Hydrocodone doesn 't work except for high doses that make me dizzy. Cymbalta is working good at one pill a day.
No side effects with my first infusion 2 yrs ago. However, I did get high blood pressure within 6 monthss of receiving infusion. Blood pressure was normal to low prior to infusion.
After a back injury and subsequent surgery I tried several medicines for the lingering nerve pain in my left leg.  Nothing worked without severe side effects until trying Cymbalta.  The first couple of weeks the nausea was almost unbearable but I toughed it out hoping for some relief of the aching in my left leg.  Pain pills had zero effect on the radiating pain so my doctor prescribed Cymbalta.  It did take a couple of weeks to see any relief to my pain.  Although the pain is not totally gone it has gone from a 10  down to a 7 so for me this is a great improvement.
Ineffective. Hydrocodone works better for me.
Got it beginning of August. Been spotting/on my period for a month now....love that I can 't get pregnant. Praying I stop bleeding. One thing that has been a lifesaver is period underwear because I 'm so tired of tampons and pads. Basically just sleep in them and wash them and they 're the best. Yeah. Kyleena is great but I 'm still bleeding
I have been taking Pentasa since 10 years and has relieved all cramps and distentions. I 'm able to lead my life comfortably now. Only recently I have developed rashes all over and want to know in case any one else facing same way.
I did not have any diarrhea when I started it and I have been using it for 6 months.  I have noticed a big difference in the last 3 months in that my stools are much smaller and softer.  The biggest difference for me is pain reduction.  My episodes of crippling abdomenal pain has all but stopped.  That has changed my life!
Been on Carbamazepine for 2 years now, worked up to 800mg a day. I take it with lamotrogine.Started experiencing seizures and was hospitalised and sedated because of them. I still have one a week so not controlled but gettin there with finding the right mix of meds! My side effects were tiredness and everytime I increased was major dizziness and sickness that lasted for hours after I took the pill.
Okay so I had unprotected sex about 3 days into my period, 12th of Feb and then my period completely stopped. I took plan b about 3 hours after having sex and experienced some spotting but no other symptoms really. I had protected sex three times during I was waiting for my period. My period came over a month later. So I 'd say 15th of March about and it 's lighter than what I thought it would be. So ladies try not to panic it does work although I 'm going to carry condoms and sort out my  contraception!
5mg dose; used with Zoloft (50mg). Not too many side effects for me. Some dizziness when getting up and slightly blurred vision immediately upon standing. Mild problems with dehydration, but that is only because I have been spending a lot of time outside this summer. All of these side effects seem to have gotten better over time. I have been on it for about 4 weeks.
I have been taking Victoza for 4-5 weeks.  Seems to keep my sugar in line.  Was 190 - 240 range  no 71 -117 range.  I was a little naucious the first week at .6 dose BS 110-138.  Next week went up to in between .6 and 1.2 dose.  Some headaches but experienced a full day of diarrhea (it was hell for that day).  Stayed at that dose for almost 2 weeks blood sugars were 91 - 135 mostly below 120.  Testing 6-8 times a day.  Increased dose at about the 3rd to 4th week to 1.2.  Blood sugars are mostly normal 71-122.  Although fasting mornings BS is 135- 155.  Yet I test in the middle of night my BS is 99-107 (I am experiencing insomnia). I have been experiencing loose bowel movements and diarrhea for the last 2 weeks.  I hope to go back to normal.
I got my Skyla about 6 hours ago, so this is only in reference to insertion. I almost cancelled 5 minutes before my appointment because of these reviews, and it wasn 't bad at all! The slightest cramping for maybe 10 seconds twice during a 5 minute time period. I did start to get cramps when I got home that started somewhat painful but have been getting slowly better. I 've never had cramps before with my periods and I don 't think they 're awful. Only thing I don 't like is I can 't wear a tampon for 48 hours, I feel very uncomfortable and I 'm worried about infection from being too damp (I 'm on my period because they suggested I be for insertion). Hoping my bleeding stops as my normal period would, will keep updated.
I love this medication because of the diagnosis of fibromyalgia. I have such a hard time getting motivated and not wanting to sleep all the time. This medication helps me stay awake. I just wanted to let everyone know that there is a prescription card out there usually at the doctors office. It will help with the co-pay and usually takes up to $50.00 off of the cost of the medication. 
It was effective and I am relieved that it worked for me. I am allergic to codeine so this is a great alternative.
Used Lyricia for treatment of shingles.  Have had shingles for almost four months. Symptoms began with terrible burning in both breast 's and in back directly behind each breast.  I started taking Lyrica twice a day (every 12 hours) for about a week and get much relief for about 10 hours.  Then the burning sensations return.Started a couple of new drugs today in addition to the Lyrica.  Hope to get serious relief and complete recovery.
Been on this for almost 10 yrs. I now have frequent sinus headaches that are difficult to clear. Am fatigued but able to function well on this medicine, but now have stomach pain and also use methyprednisolone. Also vasculitis has appeared in ankle, and here to stay. I plan to stop and start Sulfalazine EC to take it 's place as a DMARD, at least. An old case of psoriasis appeared after my 4th year but left entirely after 3 years. On my feet, and utterly painful.
I 've used Levitra for years. Vigra is quick and short Cials is good for cuddling.Levitra is great with preparation and awesome for repeat performances during the night and again in the morning. Through experimenting I have found how you take the pill to be important. First if your drunk already forget it. Apologize and like offer to please her some other way . start with an almost empty stomach, take Levitra, wait half hour or so, eat something with sugar (I like fruit). Nothing to fill you up. Go for it. What ever you have after sex doesn 't seem to matter much but I get heartburn if I don 't have a meal and or beer. A nap usually works for us to have wake up sex later.
I 'm on day three. 150mg. Today I experienced anxiety about two hours after taking it. It lasted 25 minutes and I went for a walk. After the walk I felt better. I have never taken anything before but I 'm 46 and for the,last year I 've changed. Maybe age but I 've lost my patience and have a sugar addiction. Haven 't been sleeping. Now three days in. Slept well last three nights...less desire for sugar. Less angry and able to recover aggressive behavior. Anyway, I 'm hoping to slim down and be the,laid back person I 've always been before menopause started.
Lowers blood sugar but causes heartburn.
I 've just started experiencing allergies one year ago and only during the winter. I 've owned my own business for the last 15 years and a new particular product that I use on my clients triggers my allergies. (There is no other product option for me to use). When winter hit again this year and the symptoms started again. I 've tried EVERYTHING Allegra D is the absolute only thing that works! However, I have severe dry mouth, bad post nasal drip, and constant coughing. I use a over the counter mucus release medicine which WORKS! At the end of my work day it 's terribly hard to breath so I 'm going to try Afin with the Allegra D.
I have generalized anxiety disorder. I had only been on Buspar before and it gave me horrible side effects. What I find with Vistaril is that it takes the edge off my anxiety, which means I can actually relax now sometimes the anxiety is not as chronic when I 'm on it. I can handle high-stress situations better now, too, because the medicine makes it manageable and diminishes the physical symptoms of anxiety. It 's been especially helpful in combination with therapy. And no side effects! Although it 's not as effective when I start to feel panic symptoms, it has kept me from having full-blown panic attacks on multiple occasions.
Worked for 6 years no problem.....then got pregnant.
The pills too large to swallow and I almost choked twice.   So now I bite tablet in half.  I 'm  afraid to swallow and my voice is getting hoarse.  I 'm  thinking of stopping this med.  Is there a liquid form available?
Male age 47 adhd sufferer.... Been taking concerta xl 36mg for the past 12 years now.. To start with, I didn 't understand how the drug would help me.. But now Looking back it has proved to be a fantastic drug that has tweaked the way I live my life.. But I say this with caution, as its not perfect and it caused me a lot of other problems.. Like someone has said on here before it doesn 't turn you into a fully focus person. Sorry. Well it hasn 't for me but it has helped me over time to stop beating myself up on that bloody roundabout in my mind, and gain a little bit of confidence..Balance of mind ultimately came when I was prescribed antidepressants.. So I use concerta at 4am and antidepressants at 8pm..
Used after surgery because allergic to morphine. Very good results.
I started taking Wellbutrin a month ago and I knew at that time I wasn 't a &quot;happy&quot; person, indifferent to most things, didn 't really like going out, etc. I asked my doctor for it initially for quitting smoking which I did one week into taking it. I feel more level and that 's probably the word I would use, doesn 't hurt matters that I quit drinking as well. Just switched it up today to the brand name to see if that does anything different, the generic definitely did help me.
I have read like 3 pages of comment and all most I mean almost ALL have had some intense itching or burning or both . This my first time having an yeast infection and I just used it and I have no burning or itching at all. I guess am lucky or I did it wrong ? But so far I feel comfortable .
I have taken doxepin every day for 29 years. I started taking 75 to 150 mg for depression, but once the depression lifted, I continued taking 10-25 mg a day for insomnia. It has been a lifesaver for me as, since my teens, I have not been able to sleep without a sleep aid, over-the-counter, prescription. Doxepin allows me to fall asleep and stay asleep for 6-8 hours. When I started taking it I gained 10 lbs. in a week and have never lost it. I have dry mouth, but that is an inconvenience that I am willing to put with. I tried to wean myself off once, about 10 years ago, but felt very bad flu-like symptoms so I started taking them again. In the past 5 years so 10mg doesn 't always do the job and so I often take 20 mg.
The patch seems to be helping.  I was given the 10mg and think that my doctor is going to bump it up to 20mg as I still need to take about 6-8 10mg Norco during the day and night also.  I am hoping to up the patch dose and lessen the Norco dose.  I haven 't had any side effects from the patch, not one thing.  They stay in place for the full 7 days and are very easy to use.  The only real down side is the cost, even with a $40 coupon from my doctor it cost $50 for 4 patches.  I will try the 20 mg and see if the $50 a month is worth it.
Diagnosed April 2016.  Stage 2, Grade 3.  Lumpectomy.  I finished doxorubicin hydrochloride (Adriamycin) and cyclophosphamide, followed by treatment with paclitaxel (Taxol) - ACT regime in  October 2016, and then radiation, Jan 2017.  I was 100% estrogen positive and 90% progesterone positive.  I was HR negative.  I refused the anastrozole, at first, but since I have been taking one pill every other day.  I have been taking it for 4 months.  I am 66.  I have trouble sleeping (never previously) My energy has decreased.  My muscles in my back, are stiff along with my joints.  I think I am retaining fluid in my limbs; not sure.  I 've gained 7 pounds.  Sometimes my fingers lock and then snap; weird.  I 'm praying and trying to eat all the cancer killing foods; quite a regiment.
Have been taking Nucynta ER for nearly four years.  Have degenerative disc disease and the remnants of 7 torn discs in mid-thoracic to lumbar and a cervical bulging disc.  Have an old compression fracture in thoracic all caused by a 2009 accident, the torn discs are now practically non-existent and near bone to bone at several levels.  Nucynta has changed my life.  After taking Norcos and Roxy and others, do to no insurance at beginning, landed on Methadone as it was affordable.  3 years with Nucynta now, using nothing for breakthrough, would rather deal with little pain than be on more than have to.  Can think, am back to work and providing for my family!  It doesn&rsquo;t fix everything, but has literally changed my life!
An overall good BC pill.  It has helped tremendously with facial acne.  I have also noticed an increase in scalp hair growth while on this pill.  The only side effects I have experienced are low libido and absence of a cycle (which may be a plus for some users).  Due to the aforementioned cycle absence I have stopped taking this pill for a few months at time to induce a monthly menstrual cycle.  I think the pros of this pill definitely outweigh the cons.  Good pill to try if you are having problems with heavy cycles and/or acne.
I 've been on this birth control for almost the full first pack now, I 'm on the last pills in which I should get my period. It 's been 3 pills and I haven 't started it yet, I haven 't had spotting, and I have all the symptoms of a period but the blood! Makes me nervous that maybe I have a blood clot or maybe it 's made me infertile, and it makes me worry that I 'm just going to get a horrible period in a week or two unexpectedly. I don 't believe I 'm pregnant, and this extended pill is way better with side effects than my one month pill, tri sprintec, was. I have a sex drive back and I am not as depressed. Obviously right now I 'm very moody and nervous but that 's not the normal.
Worked fine in two weeks of 2x per day application in my bald head. However some AKs returned. Starting treatments again.
I was given several different samples of prenatal vitamins. I decided on this one because it seemed to not make me as sick or constipated at the others.
I have been on Cymbalta for 2 months and it has really help my back pain.  I have had chronic back pain for 3 years due to a fall.   I have had my back MRI and I have no disks problems, so it is muscle pain.  Cymbalta has really helped.   It does still bother me some days but not as much as before.In the beginning I had a lot of nausea with Cymbalta but that went away after about a week, I was determined to give it a chance.  With some of the side effects it is easy to give up, but it does get better.  Now I have no problems, maybe a little less of an appetite, but that might not be such a bad thing.
Withdrawal bad when trying to stop medication. Works great for my fibro, also helps my anxiety but gained 50 pounds while taking it.
I was prescribed trihexyphenidyl for &quot;break through&quot; symptoms of Parkinson 's Disease. If I am under stress, I have to use it on a daily basis. I have come to a point when I will feel worser symptoms coming on. If I take the medication the symptoms will last a few hours verses days.
I started with Implanon back in September of 2010. This past September my doctor removed and replaced my Implanon with Nexplanon. I have to say there is actually a significant difference between the two. I was irregular the entire time I was on Implanon, very heavy bleeding and frequent periods. The day of my &quot;refresher&quot; I was on my THIRD very heavy period between the beginning of August and the beginning of September. The day after the Nexplanon was inserted I have been period free, nothing to complain about on that matter, 4 months period free, I 'll take it. However, the insertion method is much different than with the Implanon. The Nexplanon seems very shallow under my skin in comparison which makes it much more noticeable to me,annoying
Pros: Zapped my depression, cured my insomnia and keeps my mood calm and steady. Cons: Weight gain, still need Valium for anxiety.
I have had yeasts infections quite a few times! I have always used Monistat 1. The first time I used it I freaked out my whole family I was screaming and crying. Telling them to &quot;Make it stop!&quot; And I 've used it a couple times since then and it has been completely fine with no burning. I 'm using it tonight and feel like I 'm dying again! It always works and clears it up but be prepared for the worst pain for a few hours!
I have been taking 300 mg 2 tablets, 3 x a day for four days now for an abscess on my lower leg. I haven 't experienced any major side effects but I also take it with at least a cup and a half of water and I have eaten about 4 cups of yogurt a day too.  They told me that yogurt would help any yeast infection that I might get from the antibiotics. So far so good.. no heartburn, no nothing except that the swelling and redness are now gone! I still have 3 days to go, but I give this antibiotic a thumbs up!
I had been taking Amitriptyline for 6 years, and at flare ups was also topped up with Gabapentine, however I didn 't feel the Gabatentin was helping more than the Amitriptyline, so just stuck with Amitriptyline, and road the flare ups.. BUT after 6 years I was SICK of the &quot;drugged up&quot; feelings in the mornings, (and not seeing them!!) so finally went back to my doc for a drug review.  She suggested trying Gabapentin on it 's own at a higher dose (200mgs 3 times a day to start with, upping if required) and all I can say is, WOW, I have my life back! I am awake in the mornings, I am relatively pain free, (yes I still have background pain and occasional false ups, but at a level low enough for me to manage in other ways,)
Helps within 20-30 min when taken at onset of cluster headache.  Works best/fastest when taken with a cold, caffeinated soda.  My cluster headaches are followed by 2-4 hours of allodynia, and Ultram helps this, too.
I started Paxil 1 week ago and I have only had one little attack. It has given me more energy for work! But I do find myself going home after work and taking a nap! The only bad thing about it so far is I 'm clenching my jaw a lot causing my back teeth to hurt and can 't really chew that well, may be why I am losing weight also! But it has made my life a lot easier so far! From before I 'd have to miss work because of my anxiety!
Side effect was extreme shoulder muscle pain. It did bring my A1c down though.But pain was almost unbearable. Will consult my doctor.
Tried Imitrex and Relpax first, but had bad heart-squeezing and neck-squeezing side effects.  Tried Maxalt and did not have that problem.  It usually takes away the migraines, but can take 1-2 hours to get relief.  I 'm also very fatigued after the pain goes away, which makes daytime onset of migraines a hassle.  Also for the 1-2 hours I am waiting for it to work, the pain actually intensifies until suddenly it lets go and the blood vessels in my head feel cold.  Strange, but true.
Have been on Paxil 20-60mg for 11 years and have found that while I still experience depressive episodes, occasionally suicidal ideas, I tend to recover faster- weeks instead of months.  I 've also experienced weight gain 30+ lbs, high blood pressure, constant dry mouth, lack of libido and difficulty with orgasms.  These side effects have affected my marriage and self-esteem and am currently slowly weaning off Paxil.
I am 24 years old Black female and I am 5 '10&quot; and weigh 150 which is rather perfect for my BMI. I got diagnosed with essential high blood pressure. I cried like a baby. My mother has it and she has kidney failure and my grandmother died from a stroke.  Both were caused from it being uncontrolled.  I found out when I went to visit the dentist that it was high.  I went to the hospital because of chest pains and it was 141/101 which was extremely high for my age and my weight size.  This medicine has lowered it to 126/76 which is great for me!! I wish the bottom number would go to 70 but I am about to speed up the exercising to help out.  I take it at night because it MAKES ME SLEEPY, which is something that I don 't mind.
Medicine worked great re: double infections; couple days I could feel difference.  HOWEVER, side effects were terrible; still around after completing 10-day treatment.  Even with daily probiotics and yogurt the digestive/intestinal issues were bad, constant trips to bathroom; eating would immediately create &quot;stomach talk&quot;; could not leave house; had to cancel family trip as travel would have been difficult.  Lethargic, weak, blurry vision, exhausted; with all of this it really affected my mentality.   FYI:  On the 2nd day when side effects began, I spoke with my pharmacist who encouraged me to stay on it if I could endure these &quot;common&quot; side effects, none being allergic.  It has worked but still healing from side effects.  
I noticed a difference in the first week. It was a positive difference. And then about three weeks later i began to feel how i felt again, and I told my parents and i think that i need more than the 20 mg 's that i 'm on currently. But overall I think this drug works very well and you need to find the correct mg 's for your body.
I am 20 yrs old and I had it put in in January and so far its been good. I haven 't had any problems with it except some hair loss but cant really say its more than average and as for acne my face actually has been clearing up. The one downer is that I still get my period but it last up to 3 weeks but its super light. Aside from that its great. This my first time ever taking birth control and its been good to me. The insertion hurt a lot - they told me it would because I haven 't had kids. So it 's good. I recommend it but I also tell people that its not for everyone.
I am a middle aged man, who has had anxiety my whole life. In addition, I have a very stressful job. About three years ago, my wife convinced me to see a doctor. I had never taken any sort of anti-anxiety medication previously. The doctor prescribed Klonopin, but was very adamant about taking it only as needed. The prescription says 1mg, twice a day. But I only take, on average,  two pills a week, when I 'm really stressed. As many people here have said, it started out great, then faded with time. Although it definitely helps; it 's not pleasant. It 's almost as if it makes me so sleepy, I 'm too tired to be stressed. Two years ago, I would have given it a 9. I still recommend it. Other than sleepiness, I have no other adverse effects.
I recently found out about my positive status on 8/28/14. My prior HIV test was on 8/6/13 and it was negative so I believe I contracted it at some point in 2014.  I didn 't start Triumeq until 12/28/14. The first 2 days about 15 minutes after taking the pill I had a slight headache &amp; minimal nausea. Nothing unbearable though. I havent had any serious side effects and the headaches and nausea no longer occur; again I have only been on this for a little over a week. It does seem like my digestive system is more active. I used to go to the restroom every other day now it seems I have to go every morning. Other than that i havent had and other issues. CD4 is 840 Viral 1170 on initial labs.
I am a 46 yr old female with generalized anxiety disorder and depression. I tried Zoloft because it helped 3 of my family members. Zoloft made me miserable! I ended up in the psych ward with severe anxiety, depression and nausea. My doctor took me off of Zoloft and put me on 10 mg Brintellix and I noticed a change pretty quickly. He also had me on 0.5 mg of Klonopin 2x a day. My nausea virtually disappeared and my anxiety/depression improved significantly. I had some lightheadedness and itchiness on and off but eventually that subsided. I 've reduced my Klonopin to 1 pill a day. I 'm still going to therapy and trying to exercise and read my Bible which helps, but the medication has been a Godsend so far. I highly recommend it. The only thing is it is expensive.
I 've started using Yasmin because of my mild acne. I 'm on my third pack now and so far I can 't say that my face is clear. One day it gets better but than  the next day it gets worse again. It may be that I just have to wait for a little bit longer .
This is my first time on BC &amp; before this pill I had intolerable cramping at all times of the month in addition to very heavy bleeding when I was on my period. My periods controlled my life and made it so I couldn 't function half the time due to cramps, nasuea, &amp; fatigue. Now on this pill my periods are so much lighter and less painful. Even on my worst days I can still function, as opposed to being bedridden 5-8 days a month like I was before. Don 't let the bad reviews intimidate you, birth control has a different effect on everybody! Blisovi worked very well for me!
I just got skyla. The insertion was... not something I 'd like to do again. I 've never had kids, just got married. I couldn 't take the ibuprofen they were going to give me because I was also being tested for low blood sugar so I had to fast and it would have been too hard on my stomach. The insertion hurt, but according to my doctor it was really easy considering I had never had a kid before. But I am terrible at remembering to take my pill so... yeah
I 've been on and off birth control for over twenty years.  I went back on two years ago to help with very heavy periods and tendonitis caused by low estrogen.  I was still having break through bleeding and periods every 19 days on strong pills so I asked to be switched to the ring.  I 've been on the nuvaring for two months now.  I have not had any break through bleeding.  My period started two days after removing the ring and was very light.  Unfortunately the side effects are not great.  Bad back ache, abdominal tenderness, diarrhea, break outs along my jaw, upper back and hairline, vaginal irritation, headaches, occasional low grade fever, abdominal pain after sex, lack of energy, lack of concentration and I 'm extremely cranky.
I had been on Levoxyl (name brand) for about 10 years when they just recently decided to recall the medication from the pharmacy shelves.  I was on 0.50 mcg 3 times per week and 0.75 mcg 3 times per week with one day off altogether.  I did very well on it.  My thyroid had finally gotten to the normal range when they decided to pull it off of the shelves. Now I am at a loss as to what to take. The doctor put me on the Synthroid (Levothyroxine 50 mcg). I took it for a month. It was not too bad at first but as it started to build up in my system I began having tremors and feeling jittery all of the time with a weak feeling in my legs and muscles.  I am now on Synthroid but don 't feel all that good.
I take Hydroxyzine when I need it but taking it twice a day with eight hours in between gives me lots of drowsiness at around 9:00 each time. I 've been taking it less now that I don 't need it as much. I have no problems besides the major drowsiness and am getting great results even without taking the medicine my anxiety has improved dramatically. I should consider that fact that my size is smaller than that of an adult so the medicine probably stays in my system for longer period of time. But I highly recommend this for anyone with anxiety.
Ok so I totally get what everyone is saying. Day 1 was THE WORST. After I applied it I laid in bed almost crying because it was so uncomfortable. It was like a tingly, burning, itch deep inside that I could not get to. My boyfriend thought I was dying and I ended up in the shower rinsing it off. After talking to some co workers who get them all the time she said my vaginal area was probably so raw. I am currently sitting here on day 2. So much better! Just some mild itching! I promise it gets better! Stick with it girls!
I 'm 22 and have not had any kids. I got Mirena inserted 3 weeks ago while I was on my period. The insertion was a bit painful, but manageable. Cramping lasted for about 2 full days (nothing that Advil couldn 't cure). My period almost immediately stopped as soon as it was put in and then a week later I started bleeding again. I have been bleeding since... it 's light, but not light enough to just wear a panty liner. I know several people who have had Mirena and say that this will stop after a month or so. My fiance can feel the strings, says it can be uncomfortable, but not bad. So far so good.
I suffer from chronic lower back pain in the Lumbar, right above my cocix. I have been going through lower back pain for some years. I have severely ruptured my lower discs when I used to be a furniture delivery driver. I would move couches, lazy boys, 500lb dining tables, bedroom sets and more for 10-12 hours a day, 6 days a week,I have tried medications such as Methadone, Morphine, and Vicodin. Some of them work, my thing is I do not like take narcotics but this patch is amazing. I put one on, in about 1 hours time I feel such a major relief. It takes a while to kick in but it works great. It takes my pain level from a 10.5 to a 5. Only downfall(s) adhesive is not that great and they are very expensive.
It worked extremely well. 
I 've had the IUD for about 5 months. For the first month I bled constantly with heavy clots, terrible cramps, and tender breasts. Things started to improve around the second month with only light bleeding and now I have random spotting or a period that lasts a few days. I initially had acne but read about black african soap which (in conjunction with tea tree oil after showering) has eliminated it. I have PCOS and already had hair growth on my chin. It 's a lot worse with the IUD in place and I 'm going to electrolysis to eliminate it. That is my biggest complaint. No weight gain (but I did experience bloating). And I 've ALWAYS gained on BC w/estrogen. Once my husband felt it but my doc snipped the strings and it 's not been a problem since.
Loving it so far, seems to be giving me a life. I am a single mom who struggles with bipolar polar everyday and has been on almost everything and combo of things out there with no success. The only problems I 've noticed so far are nausea, dizziness, and being extremely tired throughout the day. I have only been on the medicine for a short period of time so I 'm hoping these side effects will start to go away but compared to what I normally deal with, they are nothing. The big issue is I do not have insurance so my doctor is currently giving me samples. I 'm trying to qualify for the financial assistance program but if I don 't I won 't be able to take the medication.
I have been using phentermine since the end of May and I have lost 48 pounds. The noticeable side effects I am experiencing are dry mouth and constipation. This drug has decreased my appetite significantly. My exercise regimen is walking for one hour a day. I try to eat healthy, reduced my sugar and salt intake. I am worried about keeping the weight off after I stop taking this because this drug really has curbed my appetite.
I 'm 20 years old, I 've had Skyla for a year now. When I first got Skyla inserted by my gynecologist it was very painful. The pain feels like long major cramps while on your period but slightly worse. I did not take any medication before my appointment because my gynecologist said it wouldn 't be that bad. I highly recommend taking some kind of pain medication before you get Skyla or any IUD. My cramps were so painful right after the insertion I had hot and cold flashes. My doctor noticed right away my oxygen levels were low and then I was given an oxygen mask. After my appointment I had painful cramps for three days and spotting for three months. After three months of spotting my period became normal. Periods get lighter every month.
This medication definitely controls high blood pressure. However, talk about swelling - both feet and ankles.  Its a no win situation but what does help and helps substantially is weight loss and walking. Walking is the best thing since sliced bread - highly recommended.  With this medication a little exercise goes a long way.  Great reason to walk the dog.
Took 100mg daily in the hospital and it did nothing. My stools were somewhat softer but they still would not pass.I stopped taking it for awhile but after trying high fiber foods to keep me regular,  this only helped a little. I needed to drink more water. I ended up on an osmotic laxative and it helped quite a bit but the medication is very expensive and my insurance won 't  cover it. Finally, I end up using Colace again but this time I took the maximum dose of 300mg before bed. This am I had a bowel movement that was easy but incomplete.  So tonight I took another 300mg dose.  We shall see how it goes. I am weary of dealing with this chronic problem. Any one have any other suggestions?
I got diagnosed with PCOS in 7/15. Started metformin HCL ER 1000mg mid August  for a week and then bumped up to 1500mg the next week. I am 5 '4 and started at 197lb. Now on 10/7/15 I am at 184 so a 13lb loss. I did get diarrhea when I first started but that resolved it 's self after a week. I find that I have very little appetite for greasy foods. If anything when I eat unhealthy food I get nauseous so I 'm avoiding it now. I go to the gym every once in a while and still managed to loss weight! Meeting my doctor next week to see if weight loss pills are an option!
Well! This is my first full week of mirena insertion and I am loving it so far. I was a bit skeptical with getting an IUD and it took me some time to get to the doc to have this done (4 months of thinking &amp; review reading)! I didn 't like the reviews that was out here so I began to get cold feet and not do it. BUT I really needed some form of BC. I have tried birth control pills for years and that was nice but it wasn 't so nice because it raised my pressure! ( I was that 0.5% on the label I guess). However the procedure was standard it hurt like anything during insertion but no worst than cramps. Same day a lil bleeding but that went away the next day. After 3 days I was good to jog, have sex, swim , whatever! 5 yrs of NO worries, go 4 it !!
I originally started taking Aviane about 7 months ago because i had pretty bad acne.After about 2 months on this pill my face had cleared up COMPLETLEY. I would get maybe one or two little pimples about two days before my period would come, but other then that I had nothing (which was really nice for me since I 've been struggling with acne since the 7th grade). Besides that I had no weight gain, no cramps. My period was a little irregular for the first couple months, but it got regulated, and they are great, light and only 3 days. I have tried other birth control pills including Orthro Tri-Cyclen, Mononessa and Previfem, but this one by far has worked the best for me.
I am on my second week of Victoza. Started taking the 1.2 dose today. Made me a little nauseated the first week. Today, not so much. I am a little constipated with the medicine though. No other side effects. So far, I 'm liking it. One shot a day instead of a pill twice a day works for me!
I 've been on implanon for about a month and a half. I also have read all the horrible reviews but I still decided to give it a try since everyone 's body responds differently. For the first month I didn 't have any spotting or period but when the time was due for when my usual period came around I started to spot. It 's not heavy but itw annoying because I ruined all my pretty underwear! I haven 't gained weight, and I think a lot of women like to blame birth control for their absent minded decisions. I haven 't experienced any mood swings but I am a lot more sensitive. What I mean by this is if there is something sad on the news I start tearing up. The only downside of this BC is the spotting. Other than that I think it 's great. No pregnancy :)
All of the side effects listed for alprazolam, are completely ridiculous. It 's sooo long, and most of the side effects must be from another medication. Most side effects from alprazolam are: tiredness, don 't drive until your used to the medication They don 't cause weight gain, or weight loss, don 't cause any change in libido  I can 't even begin to explain why this website mentions every part of your body affected, including death.  Now, there is a few things you really shouldn 't mix with alprazolam, like pain pills. Which is true. But simply you take this medication, it makes you calm right away. And it has a short half life, so it 's out of your system in no time. The list of 100 or so side effects just don 't happen, unless your allergic.
I have strugged a lot from psychosis worsened by Acute Intermittent Porphyria (AIP)/Variegate Porphyria(VP). Originally, it was thought that I was a High-Functioning Schizophrenic, with various other labels. Thorazine, when it was first used on me, was to calm me down when I was on the brink of a Blackout Rage, effectively knocking me out, and for a while after I woke up, the hallucinations were surprisingly minimized.Once released from that facility, I was on a treatment haitus. Later, I was prescribed Thorazine again. It didn 't make it all go away. But it helped take the edge off and help me maintain control.
Lorzone immensely improved my severe whiplash after just one dose (effects felt next day).First thing I noticed was that it relaxed my diaphragm, causing me to burp, and it relaxed other areas causing me to cough regularly.  Two thumbs up! 
Shameful of being an alcoholic but also a realist, the decision was finally made to &quot;get the better of my &quot;Monster&quot;!. '   Three years prior to becoming sober I began taking the  'suggested-on-the-bottle-dosage ' of milk thistle, three times a day.  A pharmacist/client had suggested I do this for the &quot;sake of your liver&quot;.  Just prior to stopping drinking, finally, I had various tests run for my physician 's and my curiosity.  One year after becoming sober the same tests were again run.  The liver test was almost normal.  I am sorry I do not know the &quot;numbers&quot; but I was told my liver function was about 55% while drinking.  Now it was 94%!  And it continues to improve as I still take this supplement.  Thank you dear pharmacist and milk thistle!
Celexa helped me immensely with my social anxiety. It completely changed my personality for the better. I finally felt confident and stopped having frequent anxiety and panic attacks.      The only downside to taking this drug was that it was a bit too good at reducing my anxiety. I gained a total of 80 pounds in the first two years of taking it. I used to be obsessed with my weight, weighing myself multiple times a day and having anxiety attacks over it.  Celexa took away my insecurities, but at a major cost to my physical health.      I was on Celexa for 7 years and only decided to try something else because I was having difficulty becoming motivated to lose weight, and found that it was not helping me enough with depression.
Not as effective as other generics
Suffering from Depression And Epilepsy made worse by exhaustion and insomnia. I found Temazepam(20mg) a true life saver, allowing me to live more than I ever have. Before if I 'd had a poor nights sleep I was too afraid to venture out in case I had a seizure and hurt myself. I no longer have to live like that. 
Been on this medicine for a month now and have lost 10lbs. I 'm very excited and can 't wait to lose more.
Great medicine. No side effects.
I had Mirena for 4ish years.  I had no pregnancies and almost no periods, which is exactly what I wanted.  I did have to make an OB appointment and have a quick ultrasound to check it once.  I felt it move somehow during sex and then had a bit of bleeding.  OB confirmed that it was just a scratch and not a uterine puncture or anything major.  The other downside for me was sexual side effects, most notably &quot;diminished arousal response&quot;Even with those two negatives, I would get Mirena again if I were in a position where preventing pregnancy was essential.
I have only been taking this medicine for a week, I am being treated for inflammatory bowel disease and nothing else has worked. So far I think I am on the way to being cured. I am keeping my fingers crossed. After two weeks I have to report back to my physician as to my experience with this medicine.
I 've only been taking Wellbutrin XL for about a month, but it works better than the other drugs I 've tried. I 'm still not 100% maybe like 70% back to my old self. The side effects I have are dry mouth, ringing ears, and headaches. I haven 't lost any weight like other people have said they have. I 'm not that concerned with that part. I 'm petite. I take 150 MG and I 'm 18.
I 'm a 47 year old female, been on 10mg Lexapro for 5 years for anxiety and depression that I 've had since childhood. I had to add 300 mg Wellbutrin XL after, due to feeling overly sedated, and low libido. This combination has worked well for me, since the Wellbutrin has an &quot;up&quot; effect, and helps with sexual side effects. Tried to reduce the Lexapro to 5mg this fall, but had some anxiety start to return, went back to 10mg recently. Maybe just holiday stress. I 'm so glad these medicines are around! Wish they could have been available for my brother who committed suicide several years ago. Wish I could have had the Lexapro at an earlier age but thankful now!
For the most part the experience has been good, my rheumatoid arthritis is in remission and no pain or stiffness. Recently had my first setback a serious bladder/kidney infection that came on supper fast. A short hospital stay with IV antibiotics and then followed up with a 12 day course of Cipro it cleared up. If this occurs again I may rethink the whole biological course of action.
The first month was the worst. I had the initial breakout everyone talks about. It started to get a little better then I had another bad breakout right before my sugar pills. I skipped the sugar pills and moved straight on to the second month. Now my skin has basically no breakouts on it, just some scarring and redness from my previous breakouts. I hope my skin continues to look better and not breakout. Yay for month 2!!!
After debilitating nausea and vomitting from radiation and chemotherapy and after trying all the normal drugs like zofran and some others I tried marinol. It was by the far the most effective for treating nausea and vomitting of any pharmaceutical. It gives a nice pleasant buzz as well. The problem for me was the over-stimulation of my appetite. I 've never felt hunger like this in my entire life. Anyway, people who need this drug could probably use the extra appetite anyway.
I 've been on this for two cycles and I hardly have any side effects! No weight gain or nausea like some others have experienced on it. I 'm a little more sensitive and get more upset over things but overall it 's been great. Just keep yourself in check and remember that you 're on hormones when you start getting overly sensitive. I would recommend this.
All have been changed since a month after starting Ocella. Soft clear skin and brighter complexion. No more yellow and dull face. Waking up with fresh skin as if I just washed my face. More incline to wear sun block and makeup. My hair no longer oily and stop falling out. I did stop for 2 months due to dryness and no sex drive. A BIG MISTAKE. Ask your doctor the correct way to phase it out. I am retaking it again.
Have to take 2 pills before they work for my migraines.
Achieved complete molecular remission within six months of daily 100 mg. Sprycel. Reduced dose to 50 mg a day at six months due to side effects. The longer I was on it, the worse they became.  Shortness of breath caused by pleural effusion, body pain, all over itching, acne like rash on face and scalp and some hair loss at very beginning of treatment.  It was a good drug to kill the cancer cells, but reduced my quality of life drastically. Have started Gleevec with few expected side effects, except for major vertigo. Taken off Gleevec for two weeks and told to restart at 200 mg. a day to rechallenge. I won 't be able to live alone if vertigo is a daily side effect.  Glad to be in remission, but hate side effect sickness.
I have been on Tamoxifen for a year now, in the beginning I was very depressed, night sweats and hot flashes and severe sweating, my doctor gave me Paxil for the hot flashes and depression. It has helped with my depression but still hot hot hot!! I keep thinking I want to get off of it because it makes me yawn A LOT whether i 'm tired or not but my mood is so much better i 'm afraid i will start feeling bad again,
My antidepressants and thyroid problem make it extremely hard to go to the restroom everyday. I chug this down, and after about 15-30 minutes it starts.Pros: gets rid of everything it seems, instant reliefCons: taste makes me gag, and my stools come out very watery (probably normal) but this goes on until the next day for me, sort of embarrassing being over at a friends and having to use the restroom. I suggest you take it in the morning to prevent this from happening.
I found Skelaxin made me drowsy but it also made the muscle spasms go away. I take it at night because of that but I realize that I may be a special case because 800 mg of Motrin makes me sleepy as well.
It is great. Helps me sleep.
Had simmilar antipsychotic effects of Seroquel, and yet had far less sedative and flattening effects on the psyche. A great alternative to other medications with similar applications.
I 'm using Subutex to get off methadone and eventually become opiate free, if the pain issues which mandated narcotic relief in the first place, will allow it. I went from 90mg of methadone to 16mg of Subutex in only three days i.e., 90mg methadone to 40mg, 20mg then 10mg and onto 8mg Subutex which precipitated almost instantaneous withdrawal sickness of the first magnitude. In spite of repeated doses of Subutex these symptoms lasted 1.5 days and all this in a hospital setting. Point is, one needs to be in a fairly uncomfortable stage of withdrawal before taking Subutex or you may well find yourself in an even worse situation.
I use to get called &quot;hydro&quot; because my arms leaked water.  I tried hypercare without shaving my under arms or reading the directions and felt like it didn 't help.  After reading the directions and shaving my arms so that the product could actually reach my skin I 've had amazing results.  Life feels different, I can now wear any color tee-shirt. I can live without the fear that someone will touch my wet underarms, and I can wear expensive leather coats without ruining them.  This is the best product made and I wish I would have known about it 20 years earlier.
I have been on Byetta for 5 years.  My A1C was 8 when I started Byetta and is now 5.6 the past 4 years.  I have been able to lose 63 pounds without any diet plan, just slowly lost this weight.  I am now on half the dosage of other diabetic medications I am taking and reduced my blood pressure medications to 1/4 the dose . The only problem I have with Byetta is nausea while waiting to eat.
I never had a yeast infection until I got pregnant and so today was my first day using Monistat 7 &amp; the itching and burning is no joke but going to fight through it because I don 't like having it
I tried a lot of the SSRIs and SNRIs medicines, Lexapro, Effexor, Celexa, Wellbutrin, pristiq, Paxil. Lexapro and Effexor gave me monster insomnia, could not sleep for nothing. Wellbutrin made me pass out and the other 2 did nothing for me. Finally my Doctor put me on Buspar 7.5 two times a day. It did make me nauseated but it says to take it on a full stomach which I took on an empty stomach. After I followed the directions I didn 't have any more issues. No side effects and my libido has increased (wife happy). Really no more issues with anxiety anymore, I can now go to dinner, the grocery store without any issues.
Diagnosed with fibromyalgia several years ago but am highly functioning with Ultram (tramadol) and Flexeril. Added 25mg of Seroquel for insomnia and I can finally sleep through the night! Because I am so groggy in the morning, I cut them in half on work nights and enjoy the whole dose on Friday and Saturday nights. No side effects after a few weeks (other than the grogginess). I am hopeful it will also help with my depression from dealing with chronic pain.
I have been on Implanon since October of last year. I have gained just a little bit of weight, I 'm on &amp; off of my period about every other 2 weeks. But I AM NOT complaining about this birth control at all! I absolutely love it! I don 't have to worry about taking a pill every single day at the right time. I actually recommend this but then again it depends on ones background in their health and what runs in their family as well. I 've always been depressed and have had anxiety for awhile now but it 's not stopping me and I surely don 't freak out on my husband nor my children. I am able to control myself from that. But once again like I said I love this birth control!
Once getting on adderall I found it gave me just enough euphoria to put down everything from alcohol to opiates, while giving me the drive and ambition to seek an engineering degree. I must warn people adderall is a stimulant, it 's out of your body rather quickly (1-2 days) so addiction in the &quot;physical withdrawal&quot; sense is not much, although years of taking it will keep you relying on it -that 's a PROMISE. Depending on the dosage you 'll be severely lethargic and wind up sleeping a few days. Beware of the day 's end, you 'll likely need something to sleep, or relax which can cause problems. Despite the caution, you 'll be a morning person and love it, just remember the word &quot;moderation&quot; and you 'll be a new you!
I have taken both the generic and Synthroid for 10 years, trying desperately to stop the hair loss. Three months ago my endocrinologist switched me to NP and within 3 weeks my hair stopped falling out. I do still have very dry skin, but otherwise I feel good.
having the nexplanon put into my arm was virtually pain free. I did have the bruising and tenderness around the injection site. No symptoms for the first month. Maybe a headache here and there. I have started bleeding though and it 's been every day for 9 days now. It 's not enough to be a full blown period but I have had painful cramping the first 5 days, more than with my normal period. I am optimistic tho and hope I will eventually have no period.
Age 59, F, living N W Eire. No history of psoriasis until it struck 2 yrs ago. Small plaques on scalp, left elbow, then palms of hands, fingers &amp; soles of feet. Itchy, shredding skin, burning as if stung by nettles. Open, painful cracks. Emollients, lotions, prescription creams had no effect. Water &amp; detergents irritated. Touch &amp; walking agony. Latex gloves for shower/chores, cotton gloves at work. Dermatologist found  'debilitating stage 2 psoriatic arthritis ' prescribed 2.5 Methotrexate x6 once wkly plus Folic Acid and bloods checked wkly. Now 7th week. Plus: using hands &amp;  walking, no irritation. Neg: tired, poor focus, urinary infections, worse in bad weather, still avoiding water/detergents. Conclusion: Highly recommend Methotrexate
So far, life changing
I 've been sick for weeks! Can 't eat or drink! Stomach pain! It 's been a nightmare and Reglan worked in the first hour! Amazing!!
Good,  no side effects, other then depression.  Finally found a way to control acne.  Once the doctors coupon ended so did my prescription and the depressed feeling of a drug company playing, got you hooked now pay up, began. College student that can not afford hundreds of dollars a month to stay on it.  College insurance and family insurance does not cover doctors recommended treatment drug.
Had first injection two days ago. Have had mild flu like symptoms took ibuprofen and so far it has helped. Weird pains here and there but they come and go and are tolerable.
I had Liletta inserted around September 20th of this year and have enjoyed it a fair amount. Despite being a petite person with a tilted pelvis, insertion wasn 't awful, but was not pleasant by any means. Took about 10 minutes -including set up- and I was on my way! I recommend bringing a painkiller beforehand to take at least 30 minutes before and don 't pee before because they may ask you for a urine sample before insertion to prevent any infection from being spread beyond your cervix. I also had friend drive me to and from because my legs ached afterwards, but was fine in two days.I 've spotted for about a month now (annoying), but this is far better than forgetting my pill (SO agrees, lol). I 'll probably update again in a couple of months
I started on 5mg and after a couple weeks didn 't notice any changes and went to 10mg. Been on the 10mg for over a month now. I feel more calm and &quot;easy going&quot; now. I use to have panic attacks and anxiety and those are gone. For those experiencing nausea: I also have a lot of nausea soon after taking the pill, but I now take it right as I go to bed and I am not bothered by it at all.Mild headaches sporadically.Great alternative to what is on the market right now, especially for those with anxiety that don 't want the sedation.
I haven 't slept this good in years.  Trazodone worked better than other medicine I 've used and I wasn 't a Zombie in the morning. The only thing I don 't like is the minor nausea. It went away in about 10 minutes. Taking Trazodone with food prevents the nausea.
First day on Q.  So far seems effective at controlling the insatiable urge I get to eat ...hopefully this keeps up. Turning 30 in 5 months and don 't want to be morbidly obese anymore.
I had it inserted in April and it was very uncomfortable. Im 37 with 2 children and i still found it to be uncomfortable. The doctor had to reinsert it because I let out a heavy breath and it slid out. My last period was in April. I havent had a period since. The only issue I have had is being very sensitive and emotional. But I want to have sex ALL the time which my husband loves.
Worked great for motion sickness on our cruise, but day 1 of using it I felt very confused and drugged.  Experienced extreme dry mouth, and now 5 days after discontinuing the patch I still feel some measure of dry mouth, although not as extreme as when using the patch.  I still feel some measure of disorientation as well, but that seems to be getting better each day.  My stomach seems to be not quite normal as well.  Probably will explore other methods of motion sickness prevention in the future.  Side effects were just too strong for me.
I 've been on this medication with Doxycycline just now hitting the 4 week mark. It 's sad reading all of these reviews with most people saying they have cleared up within two weeks or so. I 'm starting to lose a bit of hope seeing as I get at least one to two new pimples a day (averaging out) which is about my usual amount. Even if that doesn 't sound like a lot I have cystic acne so it adds up quite quickly! ): I will however say I found this to be super mild compared to Dans acne.org BP which kept me clear for a year and then the acne came back. Epiduo has made my skin texture super soft and nice! It 's very smooth feeling which is wonderful, but so far it 's not keeping my skin clear or changing the nature of my breakout type/size.
I was diagnosed with indeterminate UC in February 2017. Since then I am taking Asacol 800mg 3 tablets a day. I am not sure, but I think that the flaking rashes on my face are due to the this medicine 's side effect. And they hardly ever to disappear. And when they do, I have them back after a few days. I was prescribed different products, none of them worked. Never had this issue before, only after I have started taking Asacol.
Treated infection sufficiently, but with weird side effects.  Euphoria on some occasions; soul-crushing depression on others.  No nausea or other common side effects.  (Cipro ALWAYS causes severe depression for me, so this was better).
My husband was diagnosed with right renal cell cancer May 2014. A brain tumor was found on an MRI that same month, along with small spots on lungs. Gamma Knife procedure done May 2014. Right Nephrectomy June 2014. Brain tumor removed September 2014.  He didn 't start Votrient 800 mg until December 2015 due to a small spot they found on the left kidney during a routine CT scan.  Since taking the medication, his hair has turned from red to white.  Other side effects include high blood pressure, nausea, diarrhea and being tired.  He was on blood pressure medication prior to taking Votrient. Now he is on three blood pressure meds and now the blood pressures are within a normal range.  Spots may or may not be cancer. So far, tolerating med well.
I have been on Tikosyn for 6 months. The first 4 months were difficult as there were lots of skips and bumps in between episodes of 1-2 per week. Though the times in arrhythmia were getting much shorter. I still feel as though my condition is improving overall as there are not as many symptoms as before I was taking it. Hope it just keeps getting better.
My 9 year old son got influenza A in spite of receiving his annual flu shot. His temp was up to 104 when we took him in - very scary. He took the Tamiflu right before bed and woke up with a reduced fever! It doesn 't work like an antibiotic where he started getting better fast but I definately feel like it is helping. I was a little nervous because no one in our family has ever used it before but I 'm grateful we did. He took with a few crackers and his stomach was fine with it.
Was on this for about 6 years. Was dieting and exercising and lost about 57 lbs. My pulse rate dropped to about 48-60, had all kinds of heart tests, scary, did not find any issues for the heart thankfully but the atenolol was taking my pulse down too low. Switched to Lisinopril just today, pulse is already in the normal range.
My first day of being prescribed with the medicine I thought everything will be ok. I took my first pill at 6 p.m at night when I finally got home from work, everything seemed fine. However, at 4:30 a.m I started getting serious abdominal pain and couldn 't go to sleep. I started throwing up and had diarrhea, my body was so weak that I started crawling on the floor. This have to be the worst pain ever and I refuse to take it again!
I was on the pill before Nuva Ring and the pill made me moody and cry a lot. I 'm definitely not one to be emotional. So I tried Nuva Ring now 8 months later I still love it. I really like that I can put it in and forget it for a month. I can skip periods if I want. Although I 've found I can 2 months without a period but then I have to do the period thing so I don 't get breakthrough bleeding. I 'm also very much in control if I decided one day I didn 't want it anymore I 'd just take it out. I haven 't had any weight gain. When I do get my period it 's short and light. The only con I had was I lost sex drive for about 5 months.  It 's returned though so I 'm happy. Everyone is different but I 'd highly suggest giving Nuva Ring a try!
I was suffering from anxiety and stress primarily but also from depression. I have been taking fluoxetine for about 5 weeks.  The biggest thing for me has been some pretty heavy side effects in the first two weeks.The side effects were headaches, nausea, insomnia and less so, some agitation. I started on a 20mg daily dose for nearly two weeks, but when I complained about the side effects, my doctor cut the side to 10 mg per day.  I took 10 mg for two weeks after that and was then able to go back up to the 20 mg dose.The side effects have subsided to a very minor level.  I have also noticed a decrease in my anxiety and stress levels, I started noticing an improvement in symptoms after 3 weeks.
I have my first colonoscopy tomorrow and I have been given moviprep. Couldn 't eat all day which is the worst bit! Had my first dose at 5pm things started moving 1 hour 30 mins after. Started the second dose at 8pm which I am still trying to get down now (11pm) as it is just making me gag! However it is doing what it is meant to do so fingers crossed tomorrow goes well! I have just been drinking it with orange squash which helps a little. Suffered from some bloating, tummy rumbles and cramps but it was nothing I hadn 't delt with before.
Works well intermittently, meaning that sometimes the dosage has to be increased, then decreased, then stopped in favor of a different medicine like Tenex. It definitely helps control motor tics. I 'm not so sure it decreases phonic tics. My own phonic tics aren 't so severe as they were in my early teens (I 'm 21 now). I 've been taking this medicine for 7 years now, and if it 's discontinued for a while and then started again, it has good results. I have never found any medicine that completely removed all symptoms of Tourette, but this, Tenex, Quetiapine, Risperdal, and Haldol have all worked well for me personally in different ways. Clonidine stops tics for a while, and that 's better than nothing especially for someone in agony like me.
Just had propofol administered today after a colonoscopy.  There was a slight burning sensation once given but I fell asleep and didn 't feel a thing during the procedure which was good.  I woke up laughing and had what seemed like a slight cold (sneezing and watery eyes for a little bit).  The laughing didn 't stop  for about an hour.. it was not an unpleasant experience, but some people who have this reaction may feel a bit embarrassed!
Lidoderm patch. Rated 6 and 1/2.   Used for 12 hours then off for 12. This was a fairly good addition to my pain treatment for spinal arthritis. I take NSAIDS, Tramadol and add this towards the end of the day when I feel my spine on fire.  It makes a difference but not sure a big enough difference to justify the cost.Cons- must wear a non-waterproof patch for 12 hours. Patch is no good if you sweat even moderately as it  'unsticks '.  It is not re-appliable, can 't take it off to readjust or for a shower so you have to get it right and time it right.Pro- It does help in a manner that pain medicines and NSAIDS don 't.
In my case it has slowed down the RA but it has not been a cure all.  Burns like hades for about 3-5 minuts after the injection.  Started on Orencia, then Cimzia, now  Humira.  Also on Arava as I do not tolerate MT well.
I 've been on Saxenda for 4 weeks after trying unsuccessfully for about 12 months to lose any weight at all. I 've lost 6 pounds, which is awesome for me. I just started the 3.0 dose this week, so I haven 't even been at full efficacy. The side effects have been mild and tolerable... a little nausea after each bump in dose, some heartburn, and fatigue. They seem to be getting better the longer I am on the medicine. I got a discount card from the Saxenda website that keeps my co-pay at $30.
Took 2 mg dose to help me get on a normal sleep schedule. Had the best sleep ever in my life. The biggest problem with the drug is it is highly addictive and I went through extreme withdrawals coming off it. Reduced dosage .5mg every couple weeks until I was off it. Caused vomiting, heaving sweating, loss of appetite, etc. My advice use it on a strict schedule same time each night and slowing reduce dosage over time.
I was previously on Escitalapram (10mg) but was experiencing sexual dysfunction as a side effect. After discussing this with my psychiatrist I was put on 30mg on Mirtazapine. After reading some of the reviews I was reluctant about changing but started my new treatment 5 days ago. So far so good, My sexual functioning has returned, I 'm feeling generally more relaxed and carefree and am also fine in the mornings. I used to suffer in the mornings which would destroy my whole day and result in severe depression and suicidal thoughts and massive anxiety. Drawback are that I 'm getting some really weird dreams and fee hungry a whole lot more, also dizzy and it sometimes takes me a while to sleep. 
I live in the u.k and there is no way my GP would prescribe me pregabalin so I have to order or online and it is so expensive I can either go without food for a couple of days or electricity, I choose food. I have ordered it twice, 300mg of generic tablets each time. I can 't put into words how much they have helped me, they have changed my life. I have PTSD, insomnia and a history of drug abuse as I was always using drugs to try and help me feel better not to get high. My problem with pregabalin started about 4 days after starting them, I done tons of research and took two 300mg the first time, too much, yeah I felt great but like I said don 't want to be high just well. After the next 3 days on 300mg tolerance builds up fast, what a pity.
Been taking 1mg of prazosin for the last 2 months for PTSD nightmares that were causing sleep problems. Nightmares stopped the first day I took it but, I experienced severe headaches, dizziness, drowsiness, nausea and a lack of energy. As I got used to it, the symptoms gradually improved but did not go away completely. If I 've been drinking, the symptoms will worsen but it is bearable. Overall, my nightmares have become rare and I can sleep through the night; the side effects are worth it.
I had moderate acne and got put on epiduo and lymecycline anti-biotics. It has been 13 weeks and my acne is a lot better than it was at the start, but I still get pimples and have a lot of scarring and hyper pigmentation which will take time to fade. For the first 5 weeks my skin got a lot worse and I had more acne than when I first started the treatment. Gradually between 9 and 12 weeks my breakouts were becoming less often and overall I would recommend Epiduo if you can stick out the initial 5-6 weeks which are difficult.
I just got this inserted yesterday. When I move my arm a certain way I feel a pinch where it was inserted every woman is different so I 'll ignore all the reviews and see how my body will react to it. I 'll give it 4 months or so if I don 't like then I 'll get it removed plain and simple most contraceptives have side effect so I do expect those. Thats what we have to deal with of we don 't want to conceive either that or risk with condoms which also have the possibility of slipping  off etc.....
 Tried to take it the right way by just water, automatically spit it out. Tried the milk thing, nope, bread, nah uh. The only thing that worked without tasting it was putting it in peanut butter, hard to swallow but it 's better than tasting that aweful pill. Only side effects I have was loose stool, dark urine, and a little nausea (because I didn 't take zofran after like I 'm supposed to) 4 more days until I 'm finished, I wake up everyday dreading to take this pill. Makes you never want to have unprotected sex again. Thanks for the lesson.
Started taking this medication about a month ago and I must say that it really works. Initially, I started to take 100 mg every morning and it made me extremely nauseous, but the nausea subsided after about two weeks. I get the occasional dry mouth, etc. but that is a small price to pay to not have dysthemia. The only complaint that I have with this medicine is that it produces some heavy sexual side effects, loss of libido, delayed ejaculation. I am currently on 150 mg per day. My doctor does not think that 50 mg is a  'therapeutic ' dose and has only seen positive results in doses above 100 mg 's. I do not want to reduce the dose because I have finally found something that actually works.
I started on Qsymia 4/26/2015, at my yearly checkup. I am a 55 yr old female, and am post menopausal, and have hit a road block when it comes to losing weight. My Dr. said I am in wonderful health and was not concerned with my 5 '9 ' ' 264lb body. At my request, she told me about Qsymia and suggested that I try it for an added boost , since I do exercise and eat healthy already but was not seeing results like I should be seeing. She prescribed the low 2 week starter dose. I have only been taking for 5 days but already have seen success. 5lbs. lost, with no side affects. Only thing was 1 day when I did not eat enough and I went for my 30 min walk, I about passed out, weak legs, dizzy, and fast heart rate due to not eating. Will make sure to eat.
I had surgery in Jan 2013 to remove the right temporal lobe.  My epilepsy changed altogether, I was just having daily partials but conscious when they happened.  However after surgery things were really bad in terms of the quantity of seizures I was having.  They were every 15 minutes!! Anyway I 've now been on Vimpat for about 6 weeks and have noticed a huge improvement.  I have gone from 40 partials to around 2-3 per day and so far no complex partials! However when I increased my last dose to 100mg twice a day, my heart was racing at 128 so had to reduce back to 50mg twice daily.  I have noticed I am constantly itching and my memory is really bad.  I 'm not sure if this is because of the surgery or the Vimpat.  I go back to work soon so really concerned.
As a child and an adult I would cry over nothing at the drop of a hat. I would get mad at myself for crying. People did not want to be around me because they never knew when I would break into tears. It was horrible. I have been treated for depression before and I now realize that I have a family history of depression. It is considered taboo in my family. However, none of family had the crying episodes like I did. A friend suggested Lexapro. I went from 10mg to 20mgs and then to 40mgs. I do not cry nearly as easily as I did. I have not had any of the side effects that are listed. My mood is consistent and the crying spells are over. If I miss 2 or 3 days of Lexapro, everyone including myself can tell. This medicine has changed my life.
This is my first month on the pill, the pain is the same...bad but I guess the flow is much less. We will see
I have been on Beyaz for almost 3 weeks more for endometriosis. So far I am tired all the time, my breasts have increased a size and are constantly sore. I am hot most of the time (I am normally cold) and my sex drive has increased. I was placed on this because I am having unbearable cramping and pain when having sex. I am unable to afford the Laproscopy at this time so my doctor has placed me on Beyaz. The pains have gone from an 11 to about a 2, YAY! So far I have not had any pains during sex. I know that I still need to have this procedure and that this pill will not eliminate the problem but it is a great help. Just wish the pain in my breast would stop!
Very consistent seven hours of sleep.  However, If I don 't go right to bed I may do things I don 't remember like leaving a bunch of lights and the TV on.  Had to discontinue due to high cost.
I was diagnosed with essential tremors after I fell flat face on the sidewalk followed by several tests. 6 months later the Dr. put me on 60mg Inderal per day, the long lasting effect ones. The results were so instantaneous it felt like a miracle. The migraines were gone and my balance was ok after only a week of taking the medication.  I still have trouble with anxiety attacks.Now after   years on this medication, and after moving cities; my new DR. is decreasing my medication to 40 mg a day to Teva-Propranolol as she is concerned with my low blood pressure. Other than the adaptatiion for my body to this new drug, my reaction to unpredicted events seems to have improve and the anxiety attacks diminished. Sure would be awesome
I 've just finished my first week on Abilify, and although I 've been told that the med is ready to do its job from the 2nd or 3rd day you take it, I don 't think my brain chemistry has settled down to one reaction. Right now, I 'm pleased. I have Bipolar Type 2, and Abilify was prescribed to help with my constant depression. Now I am going back and forth between a little anxious and mildly manic, sometimes in one day. This is a huge improvement. I have energy! I can smile! Hope this is permanent
I was prescribed a high dose of Estarylla. Prior to starting the BC, within four months my cycle had gone from normal (3-5 days) to extremely heavy and non stop for two days.  I knew because of the high dose I would experience severe side effects which I hoped would eventually go away once my body adjusted... And,  they are. First month on BC- big painful blemishes, extremely bloated and nauseated.Second month on BC- clear skin, hardly have an appetite, still somewhat nauseated. I think my third month will be better!
really don 't like the taste of it- i dread having to take it
... but my side effects from colchicine were terrible - the doc had put me on 2 x 5mg and then 5mg every 6 hours.  24 hours later I had spontaneous diarrhoea and vomiting for 36 hours - unable to eat much and a terrible time.I wanted to warn everyone about the side effects.  New research says the most effective AND least toxic dose for colchicine is only 2 tablets and then 1 one hour after flare ups.
I would stay away from atenolol.  I was on it for 6 years and the entire time I had chronic gout flare ups, really bad cholesterol and even worse triglycerides. Doctors couldn 't figure it out. Then one day I woke up and though the only med I 've been on consistently for those years was atenolol. So I lied to my doctor and told him it wasn 't lowering my blood pressure anymore and asked for amlodipine as my mother has been on it for a long time with great results. As soon as I stopped taking the atenolol, within a week all my joints started feeling better. It 's now been about 2 years since my last atenolol pill and the same amount of time since my last gout flare up. Also just tested my cholesterol and it 's perfect!
My husband takes Saphris 5 mg twice a day for bipolar depression. He was having delusions and psychosis as well as paranoia. Since starting the Saphris these have stopped, but there are times when he is very stoned acting, like a zombie. He isn 't responsive or talkative a lot of the time. His sex drive has also become non existent almost and he suffers from ED when we do have sex.  It 's so difficult when you have a disease like BD and then you have to take these meds, which help some of the symptoms but bring on others that are unwanted. It 's like what do you do? My husband says being stoned is better than what he was experiencing before though. Saphris is also pretty expensive, but they do have a card that you can use for discounts.
I 've been using TriNessa for about 7 months, and it 's been a roller-coaster of an experience. As I continue to take this medication, my periods have become lighter and shorter, but at the same time, I still have cramps and abdomen pains for all 7 days. I have only noticed my acne getting worse, but the medication is inexpensive and effective, so I can 't complain too much.
I was diagnosed with PCOS about 2 weeks ago, but been suffering from it long. I am 17 on 18 pretty soon; normal no periods, unwanted facial hair, some depression, no sleep, very unwanted weight. I 'm on round 2 (2nd week) so I 'm drinking 2 pills a day, experienced some stomach pain, a bit drowsy, nothing to bothersome, but I started my period! that 's good! will stay updated!
I have no major problems on the Prenatal Plus.
I have had psoriasis for over 10 years and for the first 5 years it was very mild, but in 2005 it quickly got worse and covered 70% of my body in various spots such as my entire scalp, under my breasts, on my elbows and knees, in my pelvic area and a few other random spots. I was prescribed (5) 25mg pills (1x wk) of methotrexate after trying every cream imaginable and the photo light therapy. The medication made me extremely sick to my stomach. After seeing some improvement my dermatologist recommended I try the tanning bed along with the medication. Within 6 months my psoriasis was completely gone. 4 years after being off the medicines it has come back. It is worse than before and I am taking the medicines and am getting sick a lot. Hope it works again.
I 've been taking Tri-Sprintec for two months now. I have had persistent mild acne (plus scarring :/) since middle school. (I 'm in my twenties now). I must say -- this pill has improved my skin. It 's not perfect, but I 've noticed that my normally breakout-prone skin has cleared up a bit, so that 's nice to see. And now the negative: my appetite has increased *immensely*. I feel like I 'm starving all the time. It 's like constant PMS. I 'm hoping this will go away as my body acclimates to the pill... I 've consequently gained about 10 pounds...BUT -- my boobs have gotten bigger as a result, and my bum as well, so perhaps it 's not all bad...
So far, I 've been on Topomirate for a few months now.  I take one 25 mg pill per day in the morning.  It mostly controls the daily headaches for me.  The only side effect for me has been sodas tasting flat, which is a side effect I can get on board with!  I drink a lot more water because of it and I love that!  I have just now started to lose weight after about 3 months or so of being on this medication for headaches.  I 've started steadily losing ounces/weight.  I started out at 142 and over the past month I 've dropped down to 134 which is unusual for me because I haven 't changed my eating habits at all really except for the soda thing.  I 'm okay with it all so far, but I hope I don 't experience any other side effects like I typically do.
I am 28 and have fibromylagia and joint disease. I don 't have a sex drive anyway so I did not notice any difference with Pristiq on that side effect. I did how ever notice that I no longer woke up feeling 88, but 28 again. The pain and soreness went away dramatically! I have been able to clean more and walk more, but I have not noticed a big change in energy level. Just to have a day without soreness and stiffness was worth it for me. I do have a little dry mouth, but I drink a lot of water anyway. As far as sleep goes- I occasionally had insomnia before, but it does make it a little worse and I had night sweats for the first week on it.
My pharmacy used this brand and cryselle interchangeably, but both were generally the same thing for me. I gained a lot of weight on depo before this, and though I haven 't gained more on this pill, I haven 't been able to lose much weight on it either. My face isn 't necessarily breaking out, but cheeks have been red with little bumps almost like rosacea since starting this brand. It isn 't constant but does flare up sometimes. The only really bad side effect I 've noticed is I 've gotten really bad anxiety and mood swings. It is still way better than how I felt on depo and the birth control is really cheap ($15 per pack) so I will stick with it until I have money to try other brands
Am 48 yo woman. Have Fibromyalgia, Myofacial Pain Syndrome, Diabetes, Neuropathy, 4 joint surgeries (tendon reconstructions on both elbows, and two surgeries on left ankle for complete rupture of Brevis tendon, recent fractured L2 vertebrae, and degenerative arthritis in fracture area and neck. Also lost my father and daughter both in the past 24 months. On Vicodin for daily pain and 10/325 Percocet for flare-ups.  Tried morphine with terrible side effects so had to quit. For really rough days the Percocet works well. I take with 4mg Zofran. Lifts depression because people feel less depressed when pain is relieved!  May also work due to other reasons. Always take on empty stomach because when I take with food I get less effect.
I have GAD.Mirtazapin made me sleep like a kid, and made my anxiety low and I felt more safe.
I was put on this medication after the birth of my daughter. It controlled my blood pressure to a point keeping it around 135/92 which was a improvement. I experienced leg pain and swelling in my legs and ankles, dizziness, and a feeling of being out of it. I went off it and on lisinopril and feel better. My blood pressure is now on average 120/80.
I have been on this for a little more then a year. I was prescribed this pill because I have an extreme sensitivity to birth control. I had mild nausea the first week and then it was gone. I noticed spotting through out the entire year. I also noticed if I forgot to take my pill, and it was the next day, I would have cramping and what felt like the start of my period. I had clear skin and no bloating on this pill. Appetite and sex drive were normal and no weight gain. This is a very mild pill for those that have extreme sensitivity. I would stay on it but I switched insurance
I was diagnosed with Hep C and chronic Cirrhosis stage 3 a day after my 62 Birthday. I have been in recovery from Alcohol and Drugs for over 32 years but was IV user in 1974. Total surprise and shocked. I felt fatigue this last year, had some discomfort in my stomach area and some nosebleeds as well as headaches. I have always been healthy and this was out of the ordinary for me. I have been on Epclusa for 6 weeks and feel so much better. Very minimal side effects of headache and joint pain as well as sweating specially when in direct sunlight. I am so pleased with this treatment and thankful every day when I take the medication. Co-pay of $5.00 is amazing.
I got my mirena inserted in February 2013 and for the first month I bled lots and then that was it. Until September 2015 when I 'd start to bleed during intercourse, it wasn 't heavy but was enough to worry my partner and myself and its lessened our sex life due to not wanting to bleed everytime. I had a gynecologist observe my cervix in November and he said it wasn 't damaged in any way, the mirena was still in place, and he gave me a prescription for a 10 day course of medication that will thicken my cervix lining, just to rule that out as the possible culprit. I haven 't gotten the prescription filled yet as I 've been busy and the bleeding settled down. Thinking of getting it removed and replaced with another contraceptive.
I got my Skyla about a month ago and I gotta tell you, it hurt like crazy. I was confused when people said it hurt, but not enough to really be bothered by it. I felt there was something seriously wrong with mine because the severe pain from the insertion stayed for over a two weeks. It is finally starting to ease up, but I had to go to my gyno to find out why it hurt so bad. It turns out if you have endometriosis, like I do, you are pretty much screwed for the first month, or whenever your uterus decides to take it. I only paid my deductible so the thing itself was no cost to me. But all in all, it is a pretty useful little birth control. You just have to get through the pain.
I hate the loss of appetite, other than that, nothing but good things.
It has been wonderful to come from 5 pills twice daily to one pill a day. The only problem I have with it is constipation. I have always been regular and 2 days after I started taking it I noticed a change in my bowel habits. It 's a minor problem so I am dealing with it. I have only been on it for 2 months so I haven 't had my blood work done. I have always had undetectable viral load and 800   CD4. I hope nothing changes because I like this medicine.
I have been on Aviane for a week now. Already feeling so much better. Have a little bit of spotting but I 'm actually happy to be seeing that. I was on Depo-Provera shot for almost 3 years and I haven 't had a period in 2 1/2 years and gained about 30 lbs. I couldn 't lose weight on the shot no matter how much I 've tried and all I do is eat. Before the shot I was only 110 so I am still thin. I have a sex drive again and sex feels better than ever! I am not so moody or angry any more. So far this was an amazing change although it is only the first week I really enjoy it a lot. I did get scared because of the horror stories but experiencing it myself is way better! I have a good outcome.
I started taking Byetta 5 mg exactly 2 weeks ago.  I 've lost 5 lbs and my blood glucose is in the 80 's every morning instead of the 170 - 200 range.  I have experienced a little nausea in the morning but it goes away after I eat.  I go back to the doc after New Year and plan to ask him to keep me on 5 mg instead of 10mg.
Okay, here is the thing with Klonopin. It 's a drug that works perfectly. There is literally no way to be anxious on a high enough dose, and benzos will be your saving grace if you are suffering from several panic attacks a day or even if you 're catatonic. It 's also got a pretty good record for being safe, far as I know.Here 's the bad part. Any drug that works too well, that allows you to feel too good on it, runs a high risk of dependency. Not only that, withdrawal from this drug is miserable and painful if not done currently and under supervision. You 'll be told this is &quot;not abusable as Xanax&quot; because Xanax is common among recreational drug users. That 's a fallacy. Klonopin is very easy to double up on and abuse. Do not mix with alcohol.
I 've had the greatest success for the longest period of time. I love how it 's also a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor. It seems to help more.
I have been taking Loestrin 24 for 3 months. I got a little moody at times, my period is lighter and shorter about a couple of days ago I started getting dizzy when I moved too fast and my breast got a little bigger. I 'm going to keep using this  for months but if the dizziness don 't go away I 'm going to stop it. But all these comments I read are so positive then all the other ones. Thanks.
I believe it saved me and my baby. I 've been clean for 2 years from heroin but trying to come off of this is harder than I ever imagined.
I like to think of this as headache medicine. Take only when you have one. This medicine should be used in emergencies only. It is not for taking everyday. For that I recommend something that has a longer shelf-life-that takes longer to break down, like Klonopin. Because of Xanax short wait time and short shelf-life, it can make you feel like an addict. If you forget a dose, in less than 4 hrs you can experience WORSE symptoms of anxiety because they come without warning or provocation. Instant panic attacks, inability to think or work, etc. However, as a panic attack reducer or for the instant release of an intense anxiety-related event, I do highly recommend it.
I was diagnosed with PTSD and GAD after 2 tours in combat. I began to suffer from anxiety in 2009, I was prescribed Zoloft and Klonopin .25mg (as needed). Klonopin was an immediate relief for unexpected anxiety attacks. 15 minutes later I was functional again. After 2 years, Zoloft destroyed my libido. So I took myself off and relied only on Klonopin. It began as needed, then 2 a week, once everyday, and finally twice a day. The anxieties were reoccurring quite often, I quickly built a dependence to get me through the day. It turns out that I was getting anxiety due to my addiction to klonopin. I decided to get off cold turkey (not recommended) and I went through 2 weeks of withdrawals. its a quick relief but addictive. be careful!
I also have Crohn 's and ulcerative colitis. I was started on Librax upon getting my initial diagnosis, took it for several weeks and kept telling everyone how &quot;I 've never felt better in my life&quot; and then one day on the way to work I nearly fell asleep behind the wheel of my car on the drive into work. There is a chemical in chlordiazepoxide that has a half-life of over 400 hours, so the  'benzo ' part of this medicine can build up pretty quickly. I stopped the medication for awhile and have since gone back on it without any of the previously mentioned problems, but I did cut my dose down from 1 pill every 8 hours to 1 pill every 10-12.....so only 2 pills a day instead of 3. I still get the relief I need, but do not get drowsy at all.
I used to take Sprintec to regulate my period and help with cramps which worked for a while but after 2 years my periods were back to being miserable. The first week or two on Ocella were tough, I was very nauseous, had stomach cramps and headaches but it all went away after the second week. The first day of my period the first 2 months was incredible! I didn 't even feel like I had a period, but by day 2 my awful cramps were back. I spoke to my Gyno and we 've decided I can take Ocella continuously. Next week is the first placebo week that I 'm skipping and I will only have 3-4 periods a year. Besides the first couple of weeks I haven 't had any other side effects.
I have two children and I decided to get the Mirena IUD.  I got it placed a little over two weeks ago. The insertion was not painful at all, just a mild pressure, and I only experienced faint cramps for the rest of the day.  Unfortunately I have had ongoing menstrual bleeding ever since (16 days now).  There are no cramps and no other side effects, but constantly having to carry around tampons is annoying.  I was on the pill for over ten years before I had my kids, and I never had periods, so this is especially annoying.
I take 200mg about 45 min before sexual activity, this usually allows me to get hard enough to penetrate and maintain an erection until I get the job done (10-15 minutes). Once I have ejaculated I cannot get another erection. I have found that Stendra works better if you make a lot of time for foreplay to help with arousal (for both of you), usually more fun also. For me this med is not as effective as Cialis or Viagra but the side effects are MUCH more tolerable.
I 've had YI for about a month that I had been foolishly trying to self-treat..... A Diflucan that was in the medicine cabinet, leftover from a year-and-a-half ago when I was on an antibiotic; symptoms went away, then came back after some sexual activity.  Napalmed my poor self with a Monistat-1 (bad idea).... Very irritating to my vulva.  Symptoms came back within a week.  Even had bad falling-out with boyfriend when I asked him if he could have given me an STD; he is very insulted, to the point that this has likely ended our relationship :-( .  Finally called doc who called in Terazol.  Felt better within AN HOUR of first dose.  OMG, why didn 't I just call the doc at the start???!!! Ugh!
I had the Implanon put in about 6 weeks after my son was born. I was going to try the Mirena, but my cervix was too small and the nurse couldn 't insert it. So, she can back with an alternative-the Implanon. To be honest, I wasn 't really into the idea of having something in my arm, but I knew I probably would miss pills again...so I had it inserted. That was April 2008. 18 months later, I 'm liking it a better than I a year ago. Those first 8 months awful. I picked up a few pounds which I didn 't mind because I 've always been super skinny, but the unpredictable cycles were awful. My periods had always been light and short, but with the Implanon, they became MUCH heavier and longer! It 's convenient, but it has its ups and downs!
To anyone taking Lexapro or any antidepressant:  DO NOT believe all the negative reviews you read here or elsewhere.  Do not let them scare you away from taking one of these drugs.  The drugs are not miracle workers, but they do help some by taking the edge off and by not letting you obsess on your feelings and thoughts.  You have to give them time, at least SIX WEEKS. If no improvement, up the dose per your Dr 's permission or switch to another. The side effects are mild, and that is despite what anyone says to the contrary.  Antidepressants work best in combination with psychotherapy, but they are also effective when taken by themselves.  You will eventually feel better.
I have polycystic ovarian syndrome. I have been using Depo since I was 15, and I am 17 now. Even when I took the pill (which regulated my periods), my periods were abnormally heavy and I did not want to deal with it. I like using Depo a lot. I have taken a bone density test about 3-6 months ago and my bones were great; you just have to make sure you are taking calcium and vitamin D. The only negative side of using Depo for me are the mood swings that happen after I get the shot and last for about a week or two. I don 't get any other PMS symptoms and I have NEVER spotted. ALTHOUGH this is important: DO NOT be late on taking your shot! I did that ONCE and I had my period.
I learned from another patient to take Claritin a few days after the shot and keep taking it for 5 days. It really worked. The first time the pain was so bad, it felt like 3-4 days of labor pains. When I used the Claritin I only felt little twinges and a few cramps.
I started on 30mg a day for a month for fibromyalgia and had moderate pain relief along with and some mild side effects that faded after a few weeks (mostly trouble staying asleep). Then I bumped up to 60mg and it was extremely helpful with reducing my pain!! I was able to do things with energy and not crash so much at night! However, I 'm apparently one of the unlucky few who get really bad psychological effects from it. After 3 months of denying the increasing depression, I ended up being hospitalized for wanting to kill myself. Fortunately the psychiatrist who treated me recognized the importance of pain management and he has me on 30mg of Cymbalta again with an added dose of Lamictal (mood stabilizer) to combat the crazy. It helps.
I feel gr8 once I swallow invega. It will make me a little tired at night. Sometimes when I 'm hungry and try not to eat, I will get a strong stomach ache. Once in awhile I will get suicidal thoughts, but am not dangerous to me or others in any way, they 're just thoughts of suicide. When it 's hot outside, I tend to feel very hot, and I sweat more, too. It 's hard to lose weight on this medication which is what I hate about this.....and I 've gained ALOT since my pregnancy. My stomach area is inflamed with cortisol....I look horrible with a Santa belly....ppl always ask me if I 'm pregnant, and some even stare. Even if I try not to eat, it is very hard to lose any weight with this medication, and no matter what you eat, you gain weight.
I started Gilenya in early 2011 as I had a severe relapse. Beforehand I was on Copaxone but it wasn 't very effective and left itchy sore red marks. Gilenya has been very effective as in my lesions have stabilised and have shrunk a little. The downside for me is that if you get an infection or a wound, it takes a long time to heal. You have to keep an eye on it and maintain it if it happens to you as it might get worse. I suffer lightheadedness when standing up and nausea as well. You are more susceptible to colds and flu as well so make sure you ask your doctor for a flu shot every year. The side effects are tolerable. I have NOT had a relapse since and given there isn 't a cure for Multiple Sclerosis, this is the best medicine available in Australia.
Tons better than medicines like Paxil and Depakote (sleep your life away)...even-keel pretty much...sometimes I have coffee with friends (10a.m.) and I can feel a slight rush but if that 's the down side of this for me, then I 'll take it until they tell me that I can 't anymore.
I have diagnosed chronic constipation. My doctor tried to refer me to Miralax, which I did try, but it did nothing for me. I asked him for a sample of Linzess and I thought I might happy cry because of how well it worked. Within the first two weeks you will most likely have some diahrrea, as your body is getting used to the medicine. I 'm about a month in on my prescription and the diahrrea DID stop. But trust me, it 's better than constipation every day. Every body is different, but try to follow the directions to a T for the first month before you switch it up. I take mine 30-1 hours before I eat after I wake up in the morning and have a completely normal BM a few hours later. If I wait to eat any longer than on hour, it doesn 't work at all
Detoxed after narcotic pain mgmt for 20 years.  Was given Subutex and phenobarbitol, etc. at Detox center, and while it was hell, no sleep AT ALL for 3 weeks, and muscle spasms from hell, came out clean.  Get botox injections for occipital neuralgia every three months in neck.  Pain still vile.  15 yrs ago had cervical fusion, at C5/6, all related to the 20 plus pain cycle, car accidents, bet you know what I mean.  Again had Cervical fusion 10 months ago, now C4/5/6/7, still violent spasms.  Was put on Dilatid for surgery, and after one month on it, tapered, but needed support to get off completely.  Pain mgr. prescribed Clonidine.  Worked like a charm.
I 've had my IUD for about 3 months. The insertion was a lot more painful than I expected and I had bad cramps for a couple days afterward. It was overall not bad seeing as it last for 5 years. I gained about 10lbs when I first got it but have been able to lost about 6 of those with diet and exercise changes. I do have pretty extreme mood swings but they are getting better as I think the hormones are working themselves out! I have an increase in sex drive for sure!!
Dexilant gave me every side effect on the label. &quot;Not Good, I have never had diarrhea like this before. Pain in my stomach, chest pain, like having a heart attack. This has been the worst experience I have ever had. Sure hope others read this before taking this medicine. It should be taken off the market.
Found out I had chlamydia yesterday morning. I got the two pink pills and took them around 8pm and by 2am I had diaherra and gas, not too rough tho, easier than I thought since I read the side effects n got paranoid and freaked out lol so don 't let this site scare u!!!!! Everyone is different.
I have had insomnia, sometimes quite severe (couldn 't sleep for 3-4 days, which is severe) and had been successfully taking 10mg of Ambien for the past 5 years, along with melatonin 5mg. Then it stopped working. I 'd wake up after 2 hours of non-restful sleep.   My Dr and I decided taking a vacation from Ambien might be helpful. I had tried lunesta first, before Ambien, years ago...and dreaded the awful taste.    But hey, I have to sleep.    The first weeks surprised me. I didn 't get dazed or feel weird before falling asleep, like with Ambien. I just slept    The downside is I wake achy and stay groggy, sleeping LONGER than I planned...so it is hard to get &quot;up and at it.&quot;     I 'll take the sleep, though. Adding melatonin help
7 months on this for anxiety and overall has been very effective. Significant insomnia, obvious decrease in libido. Back and forth on 10mg, then 20mg, and back to 10mg. I think 20mg is the best for me though. Recommend it but it does take a few weeks to level out and kick-in for sure.
I was another mini pill and bled daily so went to the family planning clinic and they put me on this. Initially I went through the range of side effects including nausea, pmt etc but that was just for a couple of weeks. I have been on it for 5 months and it 's fine. I still get a period but it 's a lot lighter than it was before as I have a fibroid. I have unprotected sex and no issues so far.
I had Paragard inserted 3 days ago. I am going on 25 years of age &amp; never had children. I was very nervousness before getting the inserstion because I kept reading reveiws online over &amp; over again. My experiemce went better than I expected because 1.) I went during my period, 2.) I took 3 ibuprofen ms (200 mg each) an hour before my appointment &amp; 3.) I took .10 mg (2 pills) of the generic form of Xanax, also an hour before the appointment. It 's just an intense cramping feeling, &amp; I goes by quick, like 5 minutes. In my case the doctorattempted to insert it twice because the first time, my uterus contracted. StillCramping off/on but it 's okay. It should setting after 2 weeks so at least use back up until your follow up visit!
I am a 64 year old woman. I had suffered depression and anxiety for many years especially since early hysterectomy. I dealt with it and functioned. A smiling depressive. I needed to have a firm talk to myself to force me to socialise with colleagues who never knew the struggle. I could become an emotional wreck when alone over a TV advert. I started citalopram. In the beginning bizarre unpleasant dreams were disturbing. But they settled. Things have definitely improved. I still suffer from anxiety, fatigue &amp; insomnia. However that overwhelming feeling of hopelessness of waiting for god as it were has left me. I can take pleasure out of things without wanting to cry. Life is certainly improved since commencing the drug.
I took this pill for about 4 months before I was switched to Portia (which is the same thing) by my pharmacist. I liked this pill. My periods are so light which is nice because I have always had heavy periods! No acne and no weight gain. As much as I liked this pill, I did have mood swings at the beginning, but by the end of taking Altavera I was fine!
The symptoms of the YI showed up out of nowhere. I wanted immediate relief. I purchased the product at about 9:30 pm but didn 't insert it until 12:30 am or so. I felt immediate burning but not severe. Woke up at 8:10 am with some itching and burning, reapplied the vaginal cream. But not unbearable. Now I 'm waiting for the final. I will definitely purchase again, if this is the worst.
Works extremely well for my fibromyalgia pain.
Prescribed Amox-Clav after trying to fight off bronchitis by myself for 2 weeks. Given 875 mg/twice a day for 10 days. By day 3 I noticed a dramatic lessening of my coughing, clearing of my sinuses (which was unexpected). By day 5 my cough is almost completely gone. On day 5 my stools are very off -- almost nothing is produced and it 's slimy in consistency. I will try probiotics to see if it helps. Note last night and the first day I took this I suddenly felt cold and started shaking for 15 minutes. I layered up immediately and felt fine after 10 minutes or so. I suspect being hungry triggered this.When I eat a bit of food just before the pill my stomach cramps are far less. I also recommend taking yogurt for diaherria.
6 days in to my first shot, seeing no flaking and spots are flat.
I 'm writing this at 5am when I should be sleep because I 'm on the last day of the pill and spotting has gotten worse. I 'm in my mid 20s and have been on this pill for about 5 months it works well I spot a little but typically haven 't had a full cycle, I do have mood swings and lately some really bad cramping!! But overall the pill works well also I have notice I swear a lot more than ever in my life and I do get acne more often! Hope this helps!
I recently just got diagnosed about a month two weeks ago. My viral load was 38000 and CD count was 259 and I started treatment about three weeks ago and so far I haven 't had any negative side effects and am really hoping it stays like the same.
Took the 2 pink tablets, 500mg each, as one dose and everything was fine. I took a nap and a few hours later woke up sweating &amp; really nauseous. I then began getting really bad cramping...Haven 't gone to the bathroom yet but I did yack because the nausea was that bad. I really hope the medicine is still effective even after puking a few hours after taking it. Definitely learned my lesson about unprotected sex!!
I started Chantix on 10-11-12 after being a pack and a half smoker for 30 years and to be honest I was and still in a way skeptical. I realized I needed to stop smoking when my daughter asked me if there was a cat in my belly, wheezing in my lungs from smoking. I am now on Day 2 of the second week of medication, haven 't really noticed any side effects, except that the cigarettes have lost a lot of flavor. I have 1 1/2 cigarettes left of a carton and that 's it. I do feel a decrease in the need to light up but it 's still there. More habit then anything I guess. Wish me luck as I do for everyone trying to quit as well.
I have had Psoriasis for 12 years. While it has not helped the stubborn patches on my scalp and groin, it has been very helpful for my joints. However, I am taking 15mg once a week and after 5 days my hands and feet ache again. I feel very old sometimes. As we know, it 's trial and error. This is worth the risks so that I can shop, play Frisbee, and simply act my age.
I am 70 years old and as a result of hockey injuries I have a degenerated disc in my lower back and developed neuropathy in both my legs and feet. During the day time my feet felt like they were on fire and I had severe prickly sensations and at night I had involuntary muscle contraction in my legs that got so bad my kicking became violent. I could usually tell when it was going to happen, but I couldn 't stop it. My Doctor prescribed me a 30 day trial of 300 mg twice a day. Within a couple of days I noticed a definite improvement and within a week I was no longer having the neuropathy symptoms other than an occassional tingling in my toes. In addition my lower back pain subsided and the arthritis in my shoulder and hip joints. I 'm happy.
Have been on Reglan over 1 year. With Reglan I am again able to participate in physical activity without vomiting and nausea AFTERWARDS.Last week Dr says we still don 't know why when I get over heated or stressed I vomit get light sensitive nausea etc.Put me on Zofran, blah feel like rubbish with a constant headache now.What do I do.
I have been on Gianvi for three full months now.  It took awhile for my body to adjust to it.  For the first month, I felt really nauseous, almost like morning sickness.  Food didn 't sound very good.  I had been on Yaz in the past and really liked it.  My insurance told me to try Gianvi since it was cheaper.  I have to say that I could tell my body didn 't like it much at the beginning.  I feel like I 've leveled out now.  I 'm glad I stuck with it, but it wasn 't much fun being sick to my stomach a lot.  I have a thyroid condition as well so I can 't say for sure that it was Gianvi or my thyroid issues making me tired as well. I would have stopped taking Gianvi in my third month if these issues didn 't subside.
It has been a big improvement.  It is NOT perfect but it has beenso much better.    I went down to the  72mg and I do not take it every day.  The pain level during a constipation attack  has gone from a 10 down to a 3 or 4Prior to Linzess sometimes my attack would go on for 2 daysnow at most it is a few hoursSometimes I will get an unbelievable diarrhea  attack  from the medication  so I have to stay home for a few hours after I take a capsule.  I try not to make any morning appointments and if I do I just do not take the medication
This medication has probably saved my life.  Before using it my anxiety was so severe it put many limitations on my life. I foolishly tried to reduce it twice, and the uncontrollable symptoms returned.  I just increased it back to the original 20 mg/day and hope it works once again very soon.
Holy crap, I just figured out why everyone  is losing so much weight taking Invokana!You see, if we 're all so sick with severe nausea, vomiting &amp; diarrhea, we 're too damn weak from dehydration to even consider shoveling those pork chops in...yeah? Am I right? I lost 43 pounds in 9 weeks,  I 'll take it AND the near-death side effects...*Yeah, I know, taking massive doses of laxatives is probably cheaper, but there 's no settlement on the horizon with those, so I say we all just suck it up! U know eventually the FDA will figure out the drug company lied like  'usual ' and covered up the deadly side effects. Eventually, we 'll all be thin &amp; wealthy.Woohoo! I 'm in!
Over 18 months, I had been taking non-extended release Ambien, starting out with five milligrams but quickly being switched up to ten.  Eventually, as stress and other factors were preying more heavily on my tired brain, the ten began not to work, so I was nibbling away at up to half of another 10 milligram tablet after not falling asleep, or not staying asleep.  Needless to say, that was not a good idea.  Finally, last week, I saw my doctor about it, and now I 'm on Ambien CR and I 'm managing to fall asleep and stay asleep--and knocking on wood.
My father was diagnosed with stage four colo-rectal cancer one year ago. I 'm thankful for Xeloda it has worked in shrinking the tumor on his colon, he has not lost hair, does not vomit or have constant diarrhea, is eating well and can still taste flavors of the food he eats, I thank the God for this.  But he does have other symptoms like pain and peeling on his hands and feet, blackness on his hands and bottom of his feet. I do notice he has chills, feels week and disoriented at times, body aches and his hearing is not as good as it was before.
I have been on this medication for about 6 weeks and have lost roughly 11 pounds.  This is disappointing considering the amazing results that others have reported.  I am so nauseated in the mornings that I can barely function.  My doctor put me on a month to month script so after this month is up I will not renew.
I took Abilify for my OCD symptoms. Though it worked as far as my obsessive thoughts go. However, I gained 50 pounds while on this medicine. I am currently off of Abilify (no withdrawl symptoms)and have slowly been losing the weight.
After trying several different sleeping aids, I ran across Compoz in K-Mart. I hadn 't seen it anywhere else so I thought I would give it a try. I got a good nights sleep for the first time in quite a while. I still take it occasionally and still get that qood night of sleep. You can 't take it every night for an extended period of time or it won 't work as well, I can promise you that. 
Been taking for 8 months and working well. I only get up once at night now.  I have a penile implant so impotence is no problem.  I don 't ejaculate any fluid but orgasms are still great.
After trying rescue inhaler and corticosteroid inhaler, I used Symbicort 3 times so far, 2 puffs morning and evening. I haven 't experienced any asthma attack but a different type of breathing problem with burning sensation in my chest with nausea and I had to use rescue inhaler. Will call the doctor soon to see if lowering dosage will improve that.
The first three months of having the implant in was an emotional roller coaster. After I learned how to control my emotions life was beat again. I 've had a huge increase in my sex drive, which seems to be rare. Overall it works great! I don 't have to take a pill daily or even think about getting pregnant. My period has been sporadic. One month I 'll have a two day period the next I 'll have a week long. Almost a year in and my period only lasts 2 days. Acne isn 't terrible. I do cry at least once a month, before I cried only a few times each year. Everyone has their own experiences though, mine turned out to be good.
I am 25 years old and have been on Tri-Sprintec for seven years. Recently I have gone off of it as I am JUST now experiencing side effects. Mood swings, bloating, and weight gain. 55 lbs in the last two years..not an exaggeration! It worked for a while so I would recommend people to try it. Realize your body changes and sometimes birth control that worked before doesn 't work anymore.
I found it very effective to control high blood pressure.
I can take this at 1.25 mg per day and it sets my BP at about 130/75 steadily.  I was running about 150/90 before.  I started at 2.5 mg (doc wanted 5 mg) and was a little short of breath. Went to 1.25 mg and it 's plenty.  If you are taking a larger dose try taking less before giving up from side effects.  I can stop taking this for a few days and my BP stays low for about 3-4 days even.  I am wondering if I am having some body achy-ness and foot pain from this though.  Also a bit more mucous when on this.  Not sure whether to try something else as this is effective for the BP.  And dirt cheap.
Day 15 slight headache and insomnia. Other then that no side effects, helps if I drink plenty of water, I have severe panic attacks an was nervous about taking Harvoni but taking the first pill was the hard part. Been a breeze, very excited to complete all meds. Update just completed day 28 labs came back virus free yay! Dr said take for one more month and done, sleeping much better very excited, if you can 't get meds covered call manufacturer for medicine assistance program.
I am overall very pleased. I 've been using this pill for a year and my periods/ cramping couldn 't be better. I do get a bit moody close to my period but I 've tried other brands and this one 's tolerable in this department. Overall I 'm very pleased. And it 's a huge plus my insurance covers 100 percent of this. Win win.
i was prescribed to this medicine for morning sickness. I never vomit but always feel nauseated. It only works for me sometimes. Sometimes I feel like a million bucks..other times its like I didnt even take any medicine
This cleared my throat infection within 2 days and made me feel so much better pretty quickly as far as temperature and discomfort were concerned. However, I did vomit with it and felt nauseous for about an hour and a half after taking it. The diarrhoea is still with me on day 4.
I took Trinessa for a year and had no negative side effects, but I decided to try a few other birth control pills in an attempt to have a shorter period. Every single one of them left me moody, depressed, and my sex drive was completely non existent. Trinessa is the only birth control I 've been able to find that both helps with acne and doesn 't destroy my sex drive. However on the last week of active pills my breasts usually feel heavy and sore and I will break out a little more than the rest of the month.
I have always suffered from frequent headaches/migraines, and was put on a preventative medication (Nortriptylin). This medication took care of regular headaches/migraines, but not tension related ones. I carry a lot of tension in my shoulders, and was originally prescribed Cyclobenzaprine for the tension along with (generic) Fioricet for the headaches themselves. This combo did not work, so my Dr replaced the Cyclobenzaprine with Metaxalone. This seems to have done the trick! When I feel the tension (w/o a headache) I take the Metaxalone with great results. If there is also a headache the Metaxalone isn 't enough, so I add a Fioricet. So far this combo has allowed me to deal with headaches without having to go home and curl in a ball.
I started breaking out for the first time when I turned 20 years old.  It was terrible, cystic acne and I tried everything before going to the dermatologist.  When I finally did, I was prescribed Aczone and Retin-A.  During the first three weeks, my skin got worse.  All my cystic acne rose to the top and turned into white heads.  My skin also become flaky at the same time from the Retin-A.  I wanted to stop and give up, but so glad I didn 't.  Now my skin is almost completely clear and it 's been 6 weeks.  Please don 't give up on this treatment.  Continue to use it as your doctor prescribed and you will see results.  I still have some redness but overall my skin is smooth and I finally feel comfortable in it!
I took Jolessa for a year. Everything was fine and I loved not having my period every month.  After a while it did make me gain 5-10 lbs and I had acne towards the end of the year. I had to change to a different birth control. I hate that I had to leave Jolessa behind but I can 't stand the acne or the weight, even if it was moderate.  Just try it for yourself, 4 periods a year is very nice.
I 'm currently 18 and I have been on paxil for a few months, it 's my first try on an SSRI or any medication for anxiety. It works really well, I 'm on 20mg and its not that I 'm never anxious but my life feels liveable and that 's what matters to me. Despite at first always being super sleepy it was nothing compared to thinking wow this is how life is mostly supposed to be like. For me it works, but falling asleep a lot was poo,and there are still certain triggers that I still don 't/can 't stand but its much better now. Please note people that you don 't just quit an SSRI! You have to talk to a doctor on getting off of it or else your brain will be like what is going on. Thus the side effects of withdrawal and so on.
I have been taking sertraline for 9 months now, after the loss of my younger brother and mother which led to severe depression. I have found it to be very good and I have my life back. The only down side is not being able to have an orgasm. Even taking Viagra has not helped this. But on the bright side I am now full of life again and am moving forward.
So far it is working, very well.  It is curbing my desire to reach for more than one portion at a time. It is allowing me to eat less and think twice about what I am consuming.  The fatigue is present,  but you have to consider the drop in food intake and the medication. I am doing the atkins diet, taking supplements and exercising when I am able too. Headaches disappeared after the first day.  Definitely worth it for me.  Print out the coupon it will help to offset the expense of the medication.
This is my fourth day on Prozac. I have been extremely hyper/manic in the morning, but by night time I 'm exhausted from all the bouncing around that it helps me sleep better. I talk a lot more and a lot faster. I talk to strangers on the street, say hi to people, which is very unlike me because I 'm normally shy and reserved. I felt different the first day I took it. I wouldn 't say I 'm &quot;happy&quot;, just not sad. I 've tried to think about sad things that used to bother me but I feel neutral now. Today particularly I started to feel a little down. They say with every high comes a low, so I 'm assuming it 's crash time with this medication. But I 'm hoping it will even out in the next few weeks, which is when you 're supposed to feel it 's full benefits.
I felt a change in my moods from Lamictal almost immediately. I haven 't felt that great in years, but I developed a rash in 1-2 weeks of taking it. It started as itchy hands and feet and then I itched everywhere.  I did not have a severe or life threatening Stevens-Johnson Syndrome. I did drink alcohol on this medicine and it made me get drunk really fast and I would have very bad hangovers. I had to discontinue after 1 1/2 months because of the rash. Two of my friends take this and never had rashes and they also agree it is the best medicine they have taken for bipolar.
I haven 't gotten my period since the shot till now (about 3 years) I immediately started to lose weight. I weighed from 125lbs to 102lbs within the first two doses of Depo. My appetite was crazy!!! I ate twice as much. Mood swings weren 't that much of a deal. I experience slight spotting and hot flashes most of the time.
I 've been on this pill for about 6 months and I didn 't experience any weight gain. My only issue with this pill is that I get very emotional during the third week of the pill. Doctors recommend taking a B-complex vitamin at the same time. I didn 't know this at first but once I started doing this, I noticed a positive change but still had that mood swing in the third week. I would just get a little obsessive and cry easily. Just remember that each pill works differently for everyone. So a pill that makes one person gain weight might make another lose weight.
Diagnosed in  '08, been on Copaxone since then. Took me about six months to realize my injection site problems were caused by the auto-injection contraception. I found it not precise enough, needle can go at an odd angle, or too deep and into muscle (those were the worst). Learned to self inject. I go in at a 45 degree angle and inject slowly. Haven 't had any injection site problems since. Knick a muscle once in a while, but that 's it. It 's a different experience for everyone, as you all know. Cut out the salt, take cold showers, and avoid the heat. Haven 't tried vitamin D supplements, but sounds like a good idea. Last MRI showed no significant changes (good thing, I 'm told.)
I was diagnosed in 2007 with Lewis-Sumner disorder a branch of Chronic Inflammatory Demyelination Polyradiculoneuropathy. I received a week of loaded doses of Gammagard then maintenance dose of 100 g and has been at 90 g for a few years now. This medicine is a great help for the atrophy in my legs but I do get side effects...moderate to severe back and muscle pain, cramping in my upper front main thigh muscle, foot and toes. Also a lot of hair loss and women should not get IVIG infusion when on their menstrual cycle. It causes more clots and a lot of increased flow than normally happens. Double up on your monthly femine products and be prepared to change them every 30 minutes. I also experience fatigue and frequent urination and headaches. Drink lots of water! I take Excedrine migraine.
I took Tenormin years ago for migraines...guess it worked then too.  But I had been taken off of it....last year alone I had over 20 migraines, I was put back on Tenormin in October 09, 1per day.  I had 2 migraines by November 09 in which my dose was increased to 2/day (25mg).  Today is Jan 27, 2010 and I haven 't had a migraine since Nov 09.
I had constant nausea and mild diarrhea on it until I eliminated dairy products. Took more than 24 hours after the last serving, but both the nausea and the diarrhea went  away. I 've also experienced fatigue, vertigo and a lot of trouble concentrating. Ugh. But it does seem to be doing the job. I 'm taking it and another antibiotic for an infected surgical wound.
I USED CRESTOR FOR AROUND ONE YEAR It is good medication but my liver enzymes slightly raised
I have prialt in a pump, it seems to help. one thing I noticed on the side effects were sneezing. it seems like since I have had the prialt I have not sneezed.do you think that it reversed with me? the reason I think that it is the prialt is that my pump recently quit working. after about 1 day later I started sneezing.
I am 32 &amp; have walked around with ADHD for my entire life until a nurse suggested I get screened. My &quot;Doc&quot; told me I was Cyclothymic (Bipolar III) &amp; that I was having panic attacks. I agreed but the symptoms never got better with the prescription I was on. I went to have my Echocardiogram &amp; was told I gave Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome. Long story short, the benefits of this medicine have shown up in the 7 days that I have taken it. My pulse is lower, I haven 't had any &quot;panic attacks&quot; &amp; I 'm starting to be able to focus a little better. I can 't urinate as well unless I consume more water but I needed more anyway. This medicine has made me feel normal for the first time in many many years.
Been on this one or Gildess 21 day, for almost five years. I didn 't feel a difference between Gildess and this. I love how this regulates my periods. I always know when the first day is coming, and the cramps and heavy bleeding only last one day, on the first day, when they lasted longer before the pill. I will say, I have forgotten to take the pill until the next day and felt fine (would still use backup birth control) but the one day I lost the pill and didn 't take it at all, I got a massive migraine a couple days later. Probably something to do with the hormones. If you have some anxiety on it, try daily vitamin B. It helped me a bit, although I know that isn 't the definitive answer for everyone. Overall, I would suggest this pill.
I was prescribed this about 2 years ago. I  have numbness and pain at night in my arm 's that keep waking me up. Lots of tension headaches muscle pain and spasms during the  day. I took 1 pill at night and 1 half during the day and it worked great. But I started to get severe redness and heat in my face. Stopped Flexeril and it went away. Only take if absolutely necessary and not more then 2 days back to back. Redness comes back.
I just started taking Zoloft 3 days ago for general and social anxiety. I have experienced side effects that include headaches, discomfort in my chest, nausea, decrease in appetite, losing weight already. Sometimes it feels like my head is bound up. I used to get really tense while driving, but with the medicine I don 't get tense, just alert. I haven 't been back to school or work so I 'm not sure how effective it is for my social anxiety. I am now generally happy and I do not experience worrisome thoughts as much. It makes me tired and sometime I just pass out and wake up with insomnia.  I used to be very mean to my dog, I think he is seeing a difference in my behavior. I 'm hoping the symptoms become less. 50mg then 100mg.
Having balance dizziness problem
I take 3 mg every night, slowly recovering and no side effects so far.
I was put on Xanax twenty years ago to treat anxiety/panic. I took a small dose four times a day. After three years it lost its effectiveness and I chose to go off it. Weaning became the single worst experience of my life full of awful experiences. I was put on Paxil to treat the absolutely disabling panic/anxiety and depression I fell into.
This is the only medicine which helps with my osteoarthritis pain.
I have been on IV Zyvox for almost 2 weeks now.  I have a bone infection.  I have been on SEVERAL IV antibiotics and this is the last one we are trying.  I am experiencing side effects (nausea, vomiting, very loose stools several times a day, stomach pain, headache) but am trying to push through the pain as I am scheduled to come off the Zyvox on Dec. 7th.
I just got the Mirena put in today and I have a low threshold for pain with certain things. I would advise everyone to take a good pain pill bc the pressure and cramping is pretty heavy. It 's temporary but its painful...I kept tensing up and the Dr had to pause until I was ready lol...I hope all goes well but I will report back with results.
Pros: less acne, birth control, easy to use - you don 't have to think about it a lot.Cons: While on the ring I gained 40 lbs, developed severe anxiety to the point where I would become so nervous that I would shake - if never experienced anxiety before, and began to develop eczema on my face - every time I was sexual my face got very red and splotchy.
Been on Flomax for BPH for 7-8 yrs now. Its improved my urinary volume and flow rate  But it has also caused me to have dry ejaculations at times. I can maintain erection and have mutiple ejaculations, but its effect on relaxing the prostate slows my volume of ejaculate.
I 've been taking 60mg for 2 years for back pain and anxiety. I 've been happy with the results for the most part. Recently I visited an ear, nose and throat specialist because my hearing has been a little bad. I found I had sudden hearing loss in my right ear. Well I have prefect hearing in the left. None in the right. The Dr said it was strange. But, as we know they are Dr. 's of medicine for a reason. They believe in it. We 'll I 've decided to come off and have reduced it to 30 mg. for the last month and that is a tough ordeal. I would say that the result was like a miracle but, I 'm afraid that the hearing loss could be related and I 'm very concerned. It isn 't easy to quit either.
As for preventing pregnancy, trinessa worked like a charm. I originally had began taking the pill to regulate my period, because I got them twice a month.As for physical side effects, they were minimal. I never gained any weight, never felt nauseated or sick. The only down side I found to the pill was, it made my patience go down to zero. So if something happened that normally I would blow over, I would get very angry and blow up. My mood swings were extremely bad, people just didn 't want to be around me because of how angry it made me. I ended up getting off of it because of my mood swings, and my period stayed regulated. So that was a plus.
I have been taking this for a few months and have seen improvements.  I am not feeling so apprehensive about everything.  I am finally sleeping and have been able to focus better at work. A world of difference.
Traveling abroad and had three days of constipation. Normally I 'm a daily guy. Thought my system was holding onto something bad I ate so I decided it needed a little help expelling big bad toxins. Senokot did just that and more! I took one dose at 9pm. By 3am I was on the pot with explosive diarrhea. It 's 630am and I 'm back on the pot writing this warning for others to heed. I have to travel at 9am. I hope this ends soon as taking Imodium is not idea either. I probably should have drank prune juice instead.
Started Otezla 7 days ago, I usually tolerate new drugs well but this was different, the nausea was the worst on the first three days but I think my body is starting to adjust. I have spent the last week in bed but I 'm starting to see my plaque starting to clear . I will update in a week hopefully my body will be fully adjusted to Otezla
I have been on it 3 times, have tried several types of birth control including Mirena. My switches were based on thinking I was miserable after reading these forums lol. I always come back to Paragard. All forms of birth control will come with side effects.I recommend getting Paragard on your period when your cervix is soft. Also I 've noticed the bleeding seems to regulate easier.  The level of pain you experience is truely based on the experience of the provider. I took 800mg of ibuprofen. Women excessive cramping should take progestin cream days 17-21 cycle. Also plan for anemia by increasing iron and zinc intake. Being a little bloated is worth it to me vs having no sex drive and weight gain on hormones.
I suffer from yeast infections quite frequently, especially while being on my depo birth control shot and being more sexually active. In the past, diflucan did the trick in 24 hours (I learned Monistat does NOTHING for me!). As I suffer from them almost every other month, if not every month, I believe I have built a resistance to the medication. I began needing two pills prescribed at a time for an effective solution. Just a few days ago I received a pack of 3. My symptoms feel almost worst than before getting the prescription. I didn 't drink much water and also had sex after taking the pill day 2, but I took the last pill yesterday and vagina is raw and swollen as well as itchy. Also feel period beginning. I hate this confusion about my body.
I have found that acyclovir works better for me when I take pine cone extract. I believe this extract works as an adjuvant, increases the potency of this antiviral drug.I have been using this combination for several years and have had only two outbreaks in 3 years apposed to 3-4 a year when only using acyclovir 400 mg daily.This makes me believe that the extract is working.Research suggests that certain compounds found in pine cone extract increases specific Dendritic immune cells.
I was on Lo Loestrin FE for about two years.  The first year and a half were GREAT!  I had absolutely no side effects, never had my period, and most importantly never got pregnant.  Unfortunately, near the end I begin experiencing severe vaginal dryness, pain during intercourse, mood swings, and acne.  I have no clue what happened, but am sadly discontinuing use.  I am temporarily switching to the patch which will hopefully work better with my body.  I soon plan on getting either the Mirena or Nexplanon for long-term prevention and less hassle (I hope).The price was also terrible.  For the longest time I paid $75 a month which eventually decreased to $50 and then to $25.  Be sure to ask your Dr for the discount card and sample packs.
This worked wonders on my pneumonia.  I had pneumonia for 9 days, started Augmentin, and felt great after 3 more days.
I 'm 40 years old and was diagnosed with Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia last year.  I was my Urologists youngest patient.  BPH was so bad I was not emptying my bladder and was getting up at 4-5 times per night.  It made work and home life miserable.  I had the TURP surgery, coupled with a daily dose of Rapaflo and I cannot believe the results!  If I get up once during the night, thats a lot.  Now....for the side effects....I 'm not too pleased with them at all.  I have a very active sex life with a high drive.  While I 'm able to have an awesome erection and orgasm, I cannot ejaculate whatsoever!  
I was prescribed Anexsia 7.5 for extreme monthly cramps, which I later found out was due to Poly Cystic Ovarian Disease. Thanks to the doctor with the wisdom to give me the medication that addressed the pain efficiently. Prior I had been given a non-steroidal anti-inflamitory drug which gave me little more than stomach pain. This is excellent for the severe pain.
I have asthma that flared whenever I got a cold, in the spring and with exercise. After 2 rounds of bronchitis in a few months I was put on Qvar and it has helped significantly. I still get the occasional flare with a cold and need my albuterol before exercise but other than that I have been pretty well controlled with Qvar.
I have been taking this for 3 days now.  It has been helping me cut back tremendously.  On a side note it has made me feel irritable during the day and I have had crazy dreams during the night.  Nothing I can 't deal with so I am going to continue taking it.
I had the Implanon Inserted in October 2014. The first couple of weeks I felt quite queezy and depressed. After a few weeks I was fine. I have not gained any weight or had any nasty side effects. I have a light and short period once a month. However, sex drive has gone out the window.
I have sleep apnea and am trying it as a replacement for my CPAP and so far it work very good.
I suffered from prolonged depression for most of my adult life with no relief until Nardil was introduced to me. I have been taking a daily dosage of Nardil for over 10 years and it has helped me enormously.
I 've been using this for 3 days to treat my bronchitis. I begin to wheeze, have two pumps, and it stops.
Have been on many antidepressants, most either not effective enough or side effects were too much. I am on 40mg in 3rd month. On the   side I have much more energy, I am no longer sleeping excessively, my anger/irritability is much less. Most important, my depression is much better and emotionally I feel much better. Now, Started getting headaches, severe ones, that only responded to ice packs. Then my blood pressure went way way up. The headaches are probably related to the elevated blood pressure. I also got the sweats (at first I thought it was menopause, but not so).  I was also having a hard time sleeping. Finally heart racing. Will try a bit longer to see if body can adapt to it, because my mood is much better, but worried regarding side effects.
I have been waking up every 3 hours. Strange dreams and shakiness.
I 'm diagnosed with Bipolar II. So far I am on it for 9 days and I 'm starting to feel somewhat hypomanic (10mg).Helped me a lot with anxiety.
I am 64 years old and began taking Contrave two weeks ago.  I am 5 '6&quot; and at the doctor 's office I weighed in at 178.9 on June 24.  Today I weighed in at 175.0 so I have lost about two pounds per week.  My doctor advised to stay at the level I felt most physically comfortable.  I have noticed that it does make me drowsy  later in the day, particularly if I am not physically up and moving about. The advice was to take the first dose in the morning (early riser), and take the second dose closer to bedtime in the evening.  I am following a high protein/low carb diet and have not yet incorporated the exercise of 30-60 min. walks. Will do so when my dosage changes from 1/1 to 2/1 tomorrow and see how it goes.   Good luck, everybody!
So far losing weight. Been on the meds 2 weeks. Vision is off a bit,  thoughts are scattered a bit. Kind of hard to focus completely. Not to the point that is not worth it yet as weight loss is significant. But if it gets worse may reconsider.
I started on 3/27/15. My weight was 207. On 4/9/15 my first weigh in, I weighed 198. My second weigh in on 4/23/15, I weighed 193. These pills are working for me.  I have lost a total of 14 lbs so far. I can fit into clothes that I haven 't worn in at least 2 yrs. My only side effect is dry mouth at times. I will continue with this as long as I can. Will post my next weight loss in 2 weeks.
I had it inserted 2 months ago, on the 3rd day of my period. The insertion itself was painful despite taking ibuprofen before. I continued cramping that whole day and the following one. Then, I spotted for 2 weeks, with regular cramping, usually not lasting more than an hour (but what an unpleasant hour!) I stopped spotting and cramping one week before my first period. I think that my period flow was lighter, but it 's difficult to know because I usually use the cup, and I didn 't then to let the IUD set in. It definitely was longer than usual, however. The second month has been smoother. I still spot regularly, but the cramps are now rare, and less intense. It has not affected my skin, weight, or emotions. Not perfect, but so far so good!
Almost completed with month 7 of 9  of the INH. Overall the experience has been good. I get my liver enzymes checked every three months through a blood test with no issues. I do drink alcohol but pay much more attention to moderation than I felt like I needed to before. I am careful about taking it daily. I have stuck to the routine of taking it on an empty stomach (recommended) and then eating 30-40 minutes. No change in emotions. One complaint which applies to women is I did experience what I thought was spotting between my periods however it appeared to only happen when I used the washroom and it was more orange than red. After several tests with the gynecologist it was determined it was the INH. If this occurs see an GYN in case!
On day 3 of taking this med. prompted by my Mrs to seek help as mr grumpy was at large.Taken away my anxiety instantly, but is leaving me drowsy with a foggy head, plus sweating a lot more. I 'm on 10 mg and shall stick it out as I believe symptoms will ease after a week or so
Very nice, helped heart, now do sports easy, no more hard breathing
I am on the 2nd shot, so I have been taking this for about 6 months. I did a lot of research before I decided to try it and a lot of it scared me because, I had been reading about women who had never-ending periods and crazy mood swings. I decided to try it and if it wasn 't right for me I would stop. I have almost no side effects, I get a period every month and a half. It 's light and mostly spotting. Plus I get an anxious mood swings every now and again. I am really glad I tried it!
This medicine had very rough side affects, but at 12 weeks my viral load was undetectable.  Still waiting for the 6 month after treatment test.
1st time taking them and I have severe RA  for the better half of 60 years and I take 3 a day for as needed. My bones are now deformed and starting the curl up and I 'm in constant pain but I try to go as long as I can without needed 2 take any thing but Motrin, but it is very hard to live with this pain, and still have to do your everyday life events. When I have a bad flare up I can 't even walk or use a walker 2 get to the bathroom but anyways I do not think these are as strong as the other brands out there but when you are in the pain like I am most of the time any brand would help and any thing that can take the edge off is enough for me to be thankful. Please people quit abusing your meds and take as required by doc
I really think this is a wonderful drug for depression if you don 't have any severe side effects.  I, unfortunately, am experiencing a lot of jaw, face and eye pain.  I went to 5 doctors about it before my psychologist said it was the anti-depressant.  He gave me Klonopin, which made me moody, depressed and extremely self-conscious (not to mention sleepy).  I 've also had 3 anxiety attacks since taking the Klonopin.  So, I am weening myself off of both and am going back to the doctor in a week.  
it 's works great if your REALLY ready to stop taking opiates
After serveral failed attemps of using SSRI 's to help with my panic attacks, my Dr perscribed me 0.5mg of Ativan to use when needed to &quot;break the cycle&quot; of panic. Along with everyone else, I 'm telling you to use with caution if you are taking Ativan, because it is very addicting. I 'm 21 yr old female who has suffered from panic attacks since I was 15. Ativan is a great safety net when needed, no side effects except some small cloudiness. Use with caution and be knowledgeable. Learn what panic is, what sets you off, and how to use coping mechanisms before using medication. And always do research on what medications you are being prescribed and be the judge if this medicine, in the long term, will benefit you. Knowledge is the key to beating panic.
The medicine works great. I 've been on it for almost 2 years. The only thing is I 'm getting a lot of the side effects. The one thing that is very bad is the itching on my arms that have lasted a long time. No medicine has helped so if anyone has any ideas on how to stop the itching please give me ideas. The only good thing about this medicine is that it 's helping my ulcerative colitis.
I have a prescription for both Zolpidem Tartrate (Ambien) 10mg. and Temazepam (30mg.). I use one or the other to sleep on occasion. Rarely do I use any pill for two nights in a row. I have found both acceptable and have experienced some sleep-walking episodes on occasion, especially early on, but now, for either of these the worst I get at my current age of 67 is some occasional morning fog, as was reported by others here.
Hi guys, I been taking contrave since 2/23/16 &amp; started off at 243lbs and I 'm  5 ' 1&quot;. I have lost to date 9.8lbs (233.2 lbs) and I think the low carb diet had a lot to do with the weight loss in 9 days too. Today I started doing an hour cardio at the gym &amp; I couldn 't believe how quick it went by I think im getting a boost of energy from the med. So far no side effects &amp; im now on my 2nd week of meds 1 in the morning and another one in the evening. Hopefully this will keep up. I also use my fitness pal app to keep up with my diet and it 's helped a lot as well. The medication was not covered by my insurance and it was going to be $150 but I signed up for the discount card which was great it saved me $95 plus a got a free scale from contrave.
I have been on Nucynta for 9 months now. I take five x 75 mg tablets a day along with three Zanaflex and one 100mg Lyrica.  I have not had any side effects.  It controls the pain on most days.  I have 3 bulging discs and 4 herniated discs.
I 've had Nexplanon in for almost three years now (got it after having my 2nd kid).  I got it because like others I couldn 't keep up with taking BC pills every day.  It took about 6 months for my body to get used to it.  I don 't have a period for 3 months which is great, but then I bleed for 3 weeks straight (not fun).  The Acne it causes comes and goes, and my mood swings are major but I guess every woman has a different reaction to it. I 'm supposed to get it removed in 2018...I 'm not sure if I want to stick with it or try something else.  But after my body finally got used to it I figure why try something else that will throw my body out of whack.  The implant does it 's job, but the side effects (like other Birth Control methods) suck.
I 'm in shape, exercise, eat healthy, take my vitamins, no smoking or alcohol, yet have been miserable with headaches and frequent migraines. Verapamil, even in it 's lowest dose, has helped to greatly reduce the frequency of my headaches and migraines. It is amazing to function all day without an aching head. It made me aware, for the first time, just how frequently I was experiencing problems. Very grateful for this medication.
Hello all! It works if you let it!! I 'm very pleased, it 's only been a month but I can DEFINITELY see/feel the difference. I 've had moments when I would get a just &quot;little&quot; cranky but nothing I can 't handle. I 've experienced those dreaded dreams but I haven 't experienced the &quot;waking up in a cold sweat&quot; kind of dream, they 're mild nothing too crazy, Thank God lol. But the worse thing for me is the nausea and the tired feeling. With the nausea I had to make sure I had something on my stomach,  and still keep ginger ale at my side. The tired feeling got so bad I started taking them at night because I wasn 't able to really perform at work. Everyone is different but I hope some of this info helps. GL!!
i got the paragard at my 8 week PP appt after my first in aug 2012. had it In till October of 2013 when we decided to have another baby. I had no period for the first 4 months (I also breastfed) and had pretty heavy periods for 4 months once I started again. After those horrible 4 months I got back to regular with mild periods. Had no problems getting pregnant after removal, conceived Dec 2013. just had my second child in separate of 2014 and get the paragard again at 8 weeks PP. I 'm now 6 months PP with still no period (I 'm also still breastfeeding, so we 'll see once I 'm done). the first time placement hurt horribly. I bled quite a bit and cramped the rest of the day. But this last time placement wasnt painful one bit. LOVE it!
I had a spinal stroke 8 months ago, spinal cord infarction, that has left me in a wheelchair, and around the clock pain. I begin taking Ms Contin in December, 15mg 2x a day, along with Tramadol, Lyrica, and Percocet  10/325.  I was able to cut way back on the Percocet and Tramadol once I begin the morphine, and have been able to continue so until the middle of March.  My pain is not responding as well since my tolerance has obviously increased.  I have talked to my doctor about this and am going to go up to 30mg twice daily beginning in April.  Morphine has allowed me to pretty much cut out two pain medications while providing a more consistent pain relief.
I hAve switched to this medication because they discontinued micronor which was perfect for me. When I started taking blistovi I had headaches and any birthcontrol for me never makes cramps go away except for micronor. So I still had cramps. A little bit of weight gain. I was super emotional and moody. Regular 5 to 6 day periods. After taking these pills for about 4 months, the side effects got better. I barely get headaches. My period is lighter than it has ever been. 1 to 3 days. The only time I 'm emotional is on my placebo week. And I am not pregnant :) overall it 's a tolerable pill.
I have used Avelox twice before, and took it at night as my doctor said there might be dizziness or sleepiness.  Then I didn 't need it for several years until this week.  On my third dose, my sinus infection already feels like it has gone, but I can 't fall asleep and my thoughts are racing - I would say agitated.  I 'm not sure if I can take this for seven more days.  
I have fibromyalgia, SLE, migraines and nerve pain and was started on Amitriptyline 10mg in January of 2008, was increased to 20mg that fall, and have been increased to 30 mg for the last 4 months. I found it helpful, it decreased all my symptoms, but increases were needed as the effectiveness wore off in time. My physician informed me that he would not increase the dosage past 30 mg as anything over 30mg was only effective in treating the antidepressant symptoms, not nerve related symptoms. He added Gabapentin 1 month ago, but I felt no change. He would now like me to stop both of these meds, and try Lyrica. I would like to add that I too have gained 50 lbs, and crave sweets always.
I am on my second day of Belviq.  I have had no additional side effects except for some small coughing about 15 mins after I take the pill.  I love this, as I previously tried qysima and absolutely hated the way it made me feel.  When I eat I get &quot;feel&quot; full sooner than before.  I also was able to walk by the bakery in the grocery store and no pick up a treat, even though it smelled so quite delicious. I have observed it takes let to make me feel fuller!  No complaints there.  I have CVS Carmark persecution insurance and they approved my request to the medication.  It comes to 50.00 a month.  :). Whoop whoop!  The pharmacy said I have never seen this approved.  I will recommend if you have been denied in the past to try it again.
I have had restless legs syndrome for years due to iron deficiency. I took Sinemet for about a year and it seemed to work great for me. However, I could not take the full or even half of the dose because it really made me feel drowzy the following day so I would break it up and take a very small piece of the pill. Also, if you don 't go to bed after taking it and stay up for a while, it can have the adverse effect on you. Makes you really sleepy, but make your restless legs symptoms worse. Good Luck!
I just started taking 100 mg twice a day five days ago.  I have degenerative joint disease, osteopenia, arthritis, etc.  Mainly, my neck and hips just kill me!  Sometimes I can 't get to sleep, sometimes I wake up feeling absolutely pitiful. I 've only been taking ibuprofen 600 mg 3 x day.  Since starting the gabapentin (ALSO started effexor same day) I am able to sleep and it doesn 't hurt all the time.  I am sleepy a lot.  It 's worth it not to hurt.
This was my first birth control pill. The first month, I had some light spotting, which is expected when starting most pills. I 've now been on the pill for three months, I 've experienced some weight gain but nothing drastic. My breasts have gotten larger, and occasionally in the week before my period, I am easily irritated. It has lessened the acne I get before my period as well, but has not made it completely disappear. No change in sex drive and no crazy mood swings or depression. I am only switching to a lower hormone dose pill because in the last month of taking this, I had a huge psoriasis flare, and I know that it 's from the pill because I never had it before taking it, and it cleared as soon as I started the placebos.
Ok Please read this if starting out on citalopram and worried. I have bad OCD and anxiety. I  started taking citalopram in October, started off on 10mg I won 't lie and say side effects are easy but it DOES get easier and they DO go away but it does take time, stick with it ,queasiness , lucid dreams , no sleep ,hands burning up felt spaced out a bit. I was going to give up after a week but they did subside after couple weeks and your body gets used to them so stick in there. Eat before taking them, bananas I found easy to eat when side effects took my hunger ,  if you have to up dose I bought a pill cutter and went up 2.5 mg at a time so now on 20 mg and getting there , please keep at it and good luck to all x
Ok I have been reading up on the side affects and reviews of this medication my 6 year old had tried 2 or 3 other ADHD medications from a clinic he stayed in for about a month he is on XR 20mg and it to me has honestly done wonders my son is able to focus, learn, sit still and get his school work done. He is so much happier that he is learning and can focus on one subject at a time rather than racing through his brain. I like it and only concerns is he can hold better conversations but his answers to question are very short &quot;How was your day?&quot; &quot;Good...&quot;.You have to ask him more questions to get more answers. Then you have to repeat or either give him one instruction at a time for him to complete. I 'm concerned about the long term side affects
I have taken Namenda and Ariceptfor years.  Memory has improved!  Have had the vivid dreams others have described, also muscle cramps.  Is am going to cut back on the Aricept and see if it helps....although usually enjoy my dreams!
I 've only been on it for a month but so far no negative experience. I have been spotting here and there for about a week or so but my actual period was so short compared to how it normally is! My periods are usually 6 to 7 days long and I experience heavy bleeding but on BC, it was much lighter and lasted about 4 days. I did experience some nausea the first week but none after that. No noticeable weight gain yet so so far, it 's been pretty pleasant.
I have only started using this medication which I have been prescribed by my GP and it relieved me of most symptoms. I experienced most symptoms of painful periods ranging from vomiting to very severe cramps. This medicine worked within about 10-20 minutes however some cramps can still be felt but very minor.
I have started to take this drug on January 18, 2017. Today is February 11 and I have lost 10 pounds. I am 5 '5, 235lbs Down to 225lbs. I am at 1.8 dosage and have nausea, diarrhea, no appetite,  cramping,fatigue, and newly developed belches that taste like rotten eggs! I might need to back down to 1.2. I have been moving slow with the dose increases as well. Losing weight though but these side effects......we will see!
This medicine is quite calming makes it very easy to fall asleep at night. Also made me feel nicer to family members.  However it comes with weight gain and craving sugary foods. Also constipation and I swear it gave me a 3 week long heavy period, but who knows if that 's related. All in all it was nice. I only took for a month or so because I didn 't want to get fatter. 
My symptoms were coughing up clear salty mucus for over 3 yrs then 3 months ago burning sensation between the ribs just above the diaphram, pain in the middle of the back( the burning is  what forced me to see doc two months ago  ).He put me on Lanso for 6 weeks. The burning between the ribs reduced. Then doc decided to let me continue meds and changed to Omeprazole one capsule at night. The burning sensation is almost completely gone. I have that feeling that food is stuck around the middle of my chest something I never felt before meds.  I have also noticed  that during menstrual, the usual mild headaches turn into bad migraines, dizziness, muscle cramps and body weakness. After menstrual, these symptoms reduce except the muscle weakness and cough. : (
Have bad periheral neuropathy in feet  - with periods of intense burning pain and last few months pain/numbness was getting much worse, especially at night.  Wasn 't excited about using gabapentin because of all the possible side effects listed.  Finally went to Doctor who prescribed 300 mg at bedtime, but instructed could do 600 mg if necessary.  Took for first time last night, 300 mg didn 't seem to make much of a difference in pain so after about an hour, took another 300 mg.  I was very surprised this morning at how much the burning pain had subsided!  Am feeling a little sluggish/mellow today, hopefully that won 't be a lasting side effect after my body gets used to the drug.
The medicine did burn, but it wasn 't unbearable. The pain is worth the fast results .
I 've lost 19 pounds in less than a month and had some of the side effects tingling feet, dizziness, and headache. My Doctor ordered some labs I now take vitamin D &amp; K.   I no longer have high blood pressure. I 'm happy.
I used the ring for a little over 2yrs.  Switched over to it from the patch.  My hubby could feel it, I sure could when mountain biking - and made me gain weight.  Oh, and no sex drive at all.  Just switched to Levora...fingers crossed!
As one of the reviewers who posted feeling &quot;different&quot; on day 1 or 2 on Pristiq, I am now on it for 10 days and I have been very tired up until today.  From day 2-8, I slept a good 12 hours daily which is hard to do with kids lol!  But today I woke up feeling good and immediately made beds, put on coffee and whipped up a great breakfast.  This may not seem like &quot;a big deal&quot; but for me, who was lying in bed crying for 8 or so weeks, it 's a huge change and I hope it continues. I have been waking up frequently at night but it 's not that bad as I can fall back to sleep easily.  As I said in another post, I was on another antidepressant for almost a year and it was horrible.  The hardest part was saying yes to the help offered.  Good luck to all.
Overall, I love the Mirena. I went from 8 years of birth control pills to finally getting something more permanent placed, and I wish I had done it earlier. Nothing to think about, no periods, etc. My mood is more stable and sex drive is greater than it was when I was on Yasmin. Being 26 years old and never having children, the insertion was extremely painful and I was very nauseous. It only took about 3 minutes to put in, but I was out of commission for the first week following. My doctor gave me some stronger medicines since the ibuprofen wasn 't working and nausea wasn 't subsiding, and that helped a lot. Since then, I 've been good to go! No acne, no weight gain.
I 've been taking Concerta XL for around 2 months after finally being diagnosed as and adult. I started on 18mg, and within half an hour, I felt able to concentrate and focus on tasks for the 1st time. A couple of days later, I had crippling headaches but everything settled down after that. My resting heart rate has sped up by 10bpm whilst the medication is in effect. I 'm currently on 54mg and the therapeutic effects are great, but I feel dehydrated no matter how much water I drink, and I have developed sinus problems. It 's worth it though.
For me, this worked great as pain relief for a herniated disc. I found the pain to be less agonizing throughout the day, and I could do things that I needed to (cleaning, vacuuming, grocery shopping, carrying the groceries, etc.).  The problem that I had with the medication is that I had horrible memory loss.  I am a full-time student and could not handle the problems I had trying to retain hard information.  My doctor tried to combat this by putting me on Ritalin but then I couldn 't sleep.  I have had to go off of pain relievers for this exact problem.
I 'm just starting my 3rd week of BeYaz and after reading some of the scary side effects I was very hesitant to take it.  My doctor assured me that it was safe and that it was one of her favorite pills &amp; she actually took it herself.  The first few days were ok, then I started noticing I got nauseous about an hour after taking it.  I was taking it in the evening a few hours after dinner.  My mother suggested taking it with yogurt.  So I switched and began taking it at lunch with a yogurt and I have had no additional nausea.  I have been more tired than normal, but due to other things going on right now, I can 't be certain that is from the pill.  Overall so far I 've had a good experience with this pill &amp; I 'm glad my doctor recommended it.
This makes you restless after long term use. Good at controlling symptoms if you be patient with it. Ask your Dr to reduce dosage if you feel better after 3 years. Good Luck
I started taking Phentermine 37.5 mg every morning about a month ago. I 've always eaten pretty healthy, but after being laid up for 3 months after surgery, I gained 14 lbs and couldn 't shake it off. In the first week, I lost 6 lbs. Starting the second week, I gained 4 back. Nowhere in the prescription information did it tell me that alcohol has an OPPOSITE effect on the medicine. I stopped drinking, and am steadily losing 2-4 lbs per week. Only losing 10 lbs in the first month is discouraging compared to some of the reviews I 've read, but I only had about 20 lbs to lose to start with. My appetite is under much better control now, I can 't eat near the quantity of food that I used to. Thanksgiving dinner yesterday was a true test, and I passed!
I truly believe it works at stopping leakage.  I thought I had found a miracle cure, but I seem to be allergic and can 't take the burning redness and rash. I have gone through a couple of boxes because it works so well but six days after only a 24 hour use I still have a terrible itchy red rash.  I will still consider using for special occasions.  And I must agree it is expensive.
Due to my history of migraine with aura,  my doctor suggested I went with a non estrogen birth control. I went back and forth about the copper IUD and the pill. I decided against the IUD because it isn 't a painless process for those who haven 't yet had children. Ive been on Jolivette for a month now. The first few weeks were difficult. I had breakthrough bleeding  (bleeding between your periods) and quite terrible anxiety. If I had stopped taking it then I would have rated this med a 2 or 3. After about 2.5 weeks in... my anxiety subsided, the breakthrough bleeding stopped and everything balanced. I was even able to decrease the strength of my anxiety medicine. My PMDD and endometriosis have been easier to bare, and So far so good.
I haven 't slept normally since adolescence.  Tried Ambien and lots of sedatives.  I had horrible problems with doing things while asleep and not remembering on Ambien, but it was the only way to get anything resembling sleep. Belsomra is amazing.  I actually feel SLEEPY.  I had only felt that as a child, or if sick.  Some side effects seem to be happening, I got bronchitis, and have had awful dreams some nights, but I 'm going to stick with it for a few weeks.
I 've been on the same BC for 4 yrs. I had break through bleeding &amp; my Dr switched me to Taytulla. She gave me 3 month supply. I 'm pretty sure Dr are being paid to give out samples. Went to pharmacy to get the prescription and it 's $500/month. Forget that! So I 'm trying the 3 samples to see if I like it enough to get the generic. I 've only done a month &amp; I 've had bad mood swings, bad headaches, bad body acne I 've never had before, super tender breasts, and vaginal discharge every day. I know when start BC you get symptoms but I didn 't expect this from going from one BC to another.  I 'll take a pregnancy test in a week to make sure I 'm not pregnant and give it another month to see of any of this goes away. But so far, DO NOT take Taytulla
My husband of 41 years passed away 5 months ago.  I went under care at a mental health clinic for therapy and group therapy.  They changed my clonazepam to 1 mg per day. I had two incidents of crying uncontrollably and they upped the medicine to 1 to 3 per day.  This made me sleep a lot during the day. Finally the psychiatrist did a medical check and has changed my medications to different times of the day and has the clonazepam 1 to 3 times on as needed basis.  He said I could also cut them in half and take 1/2 the dosage at a time to keep from sleeping all the time.  Yesterday I didn 't take the medicine at all and today I woke shaking and cramping in my legs. Took the medicine and it all stopped. Good for anxiety.
I have had the Mirena in for 1 week now. I have had mild cramping but everything is getting better. I have had light bleeding since the insertions, so far no problems. I am 21 years old and don 't have any children. Previously, I had heavy bleeding and had to get a blood transfusion and had to stay in hospital because of it. So my doctor decided Mirena would be the best for me. My husband and I do want to have children in the near future so this type of birth control is great because you dont have to worry about it and you can take it out in 6 month to a year. Overall I haven 't had this for very long but I 'm liking it.
I was diagnosed with diverticulitis in the ER I was given 2 antibiotics. I remember one of them leaving such a horrible taste in my mouth that I literally scrapped the back of tongue with a paper towel. From the prescription I learned the names Ciprofloxacin  and Metronidazole, take every 12 hrs for 10 days. By the 3rd dose I had the strongest headache ever, and diarrhea! The pharmacist told me that the headache was a result of the diarrhea because my body was being drained. Said I should increase on my water intake. Today I 'm at dose 5 and I must say the pain has subsided greatly now at &quot;3&quot;. I did increase my water intake, and although the diarrhea is still here, the headache too has subsided now at a &quot;2&quot;.
I have been using Invega for less than a year. The reason I appealed to this medication was because it was the only extended release medication on the market. What this means is that the medication slowly released into our body within 24 hours. Other medication when you take it, it hits our body straight away to the top and gradually decrease the medication in our body.  I find that it is good as it gives less severed side effect as the medication in our body at a constant level.  I don 't have any major side effects from this medication other than depression and insomnia but that in general related to my unresolved personal life issues. My prolactin level lower compared to when I was on Solian. Less lethargic &amp; sleepy
I used to spend hours searching the web for some sort of cure for my obsessive thoughts. I was looking for answers and had fear of depression and anxiety. I have been taking this medication two months and I can honestly see an improvement in the person I am becoming. I am more patient for sure. I still have minimal anxiety but I am able to think through it without sitting in my bed and crying. I am someone who is terrified of ALL medication but I knew I had to do something for myself. At age(20) This has been such a positive experience and I plan on moving up my dose to see more improvements. I was in CBT for a year prior to this medication but found myself actually becoming worse. STAY OFF GOOGLE AND TAKE IT.
I felt so much less anxious initially, so foolishly, and with doctors encouragement, I stayed on Paxil for 3-4 years.  Two months ago, I started to ween myself off this medicine very slowly. I have never felt so bad in my 72 years of life.  At first, I felt it must be the flu though I 'd had a flu shot in November of last year (13).  The withdrawal symptoms of nausea, vomiting, hot flashes. Not thinking clearly, fatigue, extremely vivid and frightening dreams, dizziness, and depression lasted 5-6 days.  My doctor recommended that I go back on Paxil at half a tablet initially, and then a whole tablet after a week.  So it has been two weeks now of my taking a 40mg. Dose each evening.  I tried documenting my terrible experience.
I just finished my first month and it has been wonderful for me! I was using Seasonique from September to June, but I was constantly on my period with it and ever since I switched to Loestrin 24, I have only had my period on the designated days. I was originally given Seasonique because I had periods like 2 times a year and they would be horribly heavy and awful. My period on Loestrin 24 is light and easy to manage. It didn 't cut down on any cramping, but Advil can easily cure that. I am so happy I switched! Very pleased!
I have been on Depo Provera for about 8 years and I 've loved it.  I haven 't had any cramps but I do spot for a couple weeks before my shot is due.  I never gained weight, although I should note that I have a very high metabolism.  However, my doctor recently had me do a bone density test and the results were not good.  I 'm 25 and my bone density levels were very close to those with osteoporosis.  Studies show this is reversible once you are off the shot, however, the studies are not clear about the long term effects.  So, unfortunately, my doctor no longer wants me on the shot and I am currently looking into another form of birth control.
Hi ladies!So I had BV and went to doctors to get prescription. The doctor prescribed ONE dose of 2000MG ( 4 pills of 500MG) and take it all at once!!! After day two my symptoms are GONE!!! Maybe the doctor should prescribe one dosage for BV as it 's very effective!!!!!!!! Consider it
I started talking 600 mg three times a day for anxiety. It has done wonders. I used to have really bad anxiety when driving. I no longer have it. I also have really bad social anxiety. Now.... I sometimes can 't stop talking to everyone.  lol The only downside is I feel a little weak and sleepy sometimes. Which makes it hard having a toddler.
Became very constipated on this medication.
Monistat 1 Day treatment worked for me. Burned and itched for about 4-5 hours when first applied. Drained mostly out for about 3 days after usage. Sometimes it will not drain all the way out, lightly douche with water only to clear the rest if not cleared completely by day 4. Most will clear itself though. No sex during this process. Try to wait until day 5 or until monistat completely drains from the vagina. Overall good product. Any monistat will do the trick for a yeast, whether it 's the 1 day 3 day or 7 day.
I have used this drug for several years now and have had good success with it. I am on the 100mg and for the most part this will do the trick if I catch it in time.
I 've been on narcotic pain meds for over 20 years for severe degenerative joint disease in my back and several other joints. My doctor gave me lidocaine 5% patches to try about a month ago. I seriously doubted they would help, as any other topical creams have never helped much, but I was pleasantly surprised. They work so well that I have decreased my opiate dosage by half and am able to be more active than I have been in years. I don 't think that they will work that well for everyone, but I do recommend everyone try them if they can, it has been a godsend for me.
I am taking Victoza 1.6 everyday. At the beginning I lost 10 lb but since then I don 't move. 
I have been suffering from headaches for about 3 yrs now. I started taking gabapentrin, and at first it made me very sleepy, even a bit moody. But now I 'm starting to feel a lot better taking them. Another great thing for migraines that will help within 5 minutes is &quot;maxalt&quot;. This medicine is great for really bad migraine headaches.
4 months ago I had an accident and severely injured my Achilles tendons in both legs - very painful. Doctor prescribed Ibuprofen 600mg every 6 hours and Tramadol 50-100mg every 8 hours. I find that taking 50mg every 4 hours works way better than taking 100mg every 8 hours. So far I have had no side effects. 
I 'm starting my second month of using Lo Loestrin Fe. I tried other birth control pills at different dosages but they would make me feel really dizzy and sick. My doctor provided me with Lo Loestrin Fe and so far I have not felt as bad as I had before with previous birth control methods. I have felt somewhat dizzy but quickly goes away. The only main concern is why I have not started my period yet. I know the pill can affect your body in different ways but I don 't like that you don 't know if whether it 's because of the pill or if you 're pregnant. I have been cramping and have really tender breasts but no period. Don 't know if this is normal or not which is why I came to look over these reviews. Looks like it really depends on the person.
I have tried Yasmin twice and this time it made me so nauseous that I couldn 't go to college so I stopped. Then I decided to suck it up and carry on and I 'm so glad I did because the feeling of sickness only lasted about 5 days and now I am fine. I feel that my appetite is suppressed so I don 't eat as much. My boobs feel a bit tender and I have gone up a cup size. I am yet to see results on my skin, it 's still quite bad but I assume it takes time to clear up. Also my last comment is that I have recently had difficulty breathing and my chest was really tight? The doctor said it is allergy related but I read online it can also be a reaction to Yasmin. My doctor said it was unlikely though.
I started to develop depression around puberty, over the years it became more and more intense. Some days I would cry and have to leave school, around two years ago my Doctor put me on 50mg of Zoloft. The first few weeks were a wreck, I had terrible nausea, was tired all the time, could barely eat, and some days I would experience a zombie feeling. After the Zoloft started to kick in the side effects subsided. I went through bouts of not taking it and then I would feel bad and start taking it again, every time I went back on the pill the stomach pains increased to were I would eat once every other day. Since then I have been put on a new medication that I hope starts kicking in. All in all Zoloft was amazing, if you stick to it.
Have been taking this for over 5 yrs and have found it to be pretty good overall. Have had no side effects like the ones mentioned here by others so it 's obviously very individual. Have noticed recently tho that its effectiveness has been waning so am now on Mirap to try to boost my depression   am completely drowsy nearly all the time!?
I take non generic Depakote ER 1750 mg?? Haldol 4 mg, and propranolol 20 mg.  I have some hair loss, insomnia, and shakiness.  I believe the medicine is finally working after 17 years of trying every bipolar medication with Depakote ER.  I lose my patience and get angry at customer service representatives sometimes.  I lose my patience and get mildly angry at my husband but it appears to be under control.  The insomnia at times gets really bad and I wind up calling lifenet to cope.  I will be trying melatonin 3mg to see if this helps.  I want to try 1500 mg of Depakote ER to see if my insomnia improves also.
This review is based on my own experiences and my opinion doesn 't reflect Lexapro (Escitalopram). I found Lexapro 's starting side effects to be mild and tolerable - I experienced dizziness, nausea, dry mouth and sexual dysfunction. However, like I said they were mild and tolerable and they subsided after a few days. I experienced no worsening of my depressive or anxiety symptoms. As I just mentioned I suffer from depression and anxiety and although I didn 't find Lexapro to be a &quot;miracle pill&quot; that fully cured me of my ailment 's but it did significantly alleviate them to mild and tolerable levels. Overall for me Lexapro was an easy antidepressant to start and it has been effective in treating my depression and anxiety.
I started taking this medicine in the beginning of Nov.2011, mainly to reduce my hormonal acne and to regulate my period. At the end of that same month, I got my period and surprisingly the cramps were not severe. In fact, I had never had such a peaceful period in a long time. Since then, my periods have been painless. :) Mid December, I noticed that the severity of my acne had diminished and my skin had started to clear. End of Jan. 2012, I got 5 painful cysts on my face. I was extremely upset, but I decided to be patient and stick with it. My patience paid off.  It is end of February 2012 and my face looks way better. I haven 't had any cysts since then. As for the side effects, just nausea when medicine is taken on an empty stomach. I LOVE IT.
I got the Nexplanon implant immediately after giving birth to my son on November 18, 2015. It was quick and painless. I chose this form of BC because I know I wouldn 't keep up with pills &amp; this just seemed like the easiest way to go. Plus its good for 3 years. Five months have passed since having my son &amp; I haven 't had a single period. I do get very mild cramps and weird cravings around the time I usually get my period. No bleeding whatsoever. I have had some negative side effects with this birth control. Mood swings, severe headaches, hair loss and acne.
I never give reviews but felt obligated after reading all of the horrible comments. This worked well for me. I did not feel any burning just slight itching. I started right away at the onset of my yeast infection. If you have had a yeast infection for a while and your skin is raw...ummm common sense says Yes it will sting and burn. If you catch it fast do not be discouraged to use this product. It works. I noticed results right away but I will wait and let the medicine run its course for 7 days. Good luck!
I have severe and debilitating cluster tension headaches. I had a problem with doctors trying to treat me for migraines and I DON 'T HAVE MIGRAINES. This is the only medication that seems to work. My headaches seem to stem from my neck. This medicine totally relieves my neck pain and may also be helping my sciatica. Sleepy.... YES. However I usually have trouble sleeping from the headaches and neck pain, so I 'm not complaining.
I had a vaginal infection, and was prescribed Flagyl to cure it.  I hated the immediate awful taste in the mouth, and it dissolved immediately upon hitting my tongue.  I only experienced the awful taste and some slight stomach upset as side effects.  The infection began to clear up after 3 days of a 7 day prescription.  I recommend it, and drink something fruity with it.  Also, DO NOT DRINK ALCOHOL AT ALL while on this medication, OR FOR 3 DAYS AFTER YOU STOP TAKING IT.  You WILL have severe vomiting, heaving and dizziness.
I have been using Metformin for about 1 month and have already seen results. I 've lost 20lbs and have gotten my period on a regular basis. PCOS is not fun. I 've become very emotional but with the proper medication, diet and exercise, it makes it a lot easier to cope with.
I started Buspar about 7 months ago and after almost 2 weeks stopped taking it due to it giving me the shakes, but my worry and anxiety continued. I tried 5-HTP and that didn 't work, so about a month ago my prescription was still there and I started taking Buspar again, and I 'm on 7.5 mg twice a day and I feel a big difference, I think the key is to take it like its prescribed. No side effects since I have started taking it again.
I 've been taking Ambien for years now. It began losing its effectiveness sometime ago. I can usually fall asleep after taking it, but now only sleep a few hours and can 't get back to sleep. I started with 10 mg of Belsomra at midnight and it did not allow me to fall asleep. At 2:30, I took another 10 mg. I did wake a few times. With Ambien that would have been it for me. I would have been up the rest of the night. With 20 mg of Belsombra I easily fell back asleep. I did not experience any bad dreams. If fact, quite the opposite. The sleep was heavenly and I didn 't want to wake up. It was the best sleep I 've had in years. Because I didn 't get to sleep until 3 am, I slept until noon. I hope I can regulate this in the future. Cost is worrisome
My boyfriend and I have been using the pull out method for years now. I 've taken plan b before and always received and immediate period and symptoms within 1 week. Well, on 7/30 we had sex and he actually came in me. I took a plan b the very next morning and basically was having early preggo symptoms for about 2 weeks. I was so scared because I had never had symptoms last that long or had to wait that long before I knew the pill worked. I took a home pregnancy test about a week after taking the pill and it came out negative but I figured it was too early to tell. I got my period on 8/15 about two weeks after taking the pill and I 've never been so happy to see blood in my life. Don 't freak out about he symptoms you get, the pill works.
I 've had mild Rosacea for nearly 10 years. This is by far the best product to take the redness away, albeit temporarily. It is important that you use this product properly. Once a day and ideally at the same time every day. I use it in the mornings when I wake up and I combine it with Metrosa gel in the evenings. If not used in the right way back flushes of redness can occur but I have managed this by using both medications in a regimented manner. Metrosa on its own doesn 't seem to do much but together with Mirvaso the pair work brilliantly.
I had a wonderful experience with this product. My period went away no cramps it is great. ...but I hear the string gets lost a lot and that 's what happened to me.  An ultrasound was done and everything is in the right place but now it has been 5 years and it needs to come out.  What now?
I 've been using Ocella for a few months. I don 't use condoms and I 've had zero scares so far. I have hormonal acne and it 's getting better slowly. My periods are amazing now. I have no cramps whatsoever. My moods are great. Not on birth control I am a crazy monster. My cramps are unbearable for days. I have not had much weight gain and my cravings are less than normal. So far I like this.
I have had anxiety issues off and on and knew that given I was a less stressful, more happy place I didn 't need to be on serious medicine. However, I was still having a hard time going to sleep and then once I did staying asleep. I  have chronic back pain and was feeling very strung out and more anxious from lack of sleep I think, so Doc =  15mg per night. I 've been taking it for 4 mo now and while I cannot stay awake two hours after taking it for the life of me (a good thing!) I am always groggy when I wake up (takes 13hrs to get out of my system from once I take it). I 'm way less anxious though. The downside is at night it makes me really hungry, and I noticed that I have to fight carb cravings in day. I gained 5 pounds, and I 'm big
I wanted to write this review because I see others really struggling with Minastrin at first and I want to tell you - take heart! I 'm in my second month on this pill, and the first was rough. I had mood swings, bloating and bleeding every day for a month. I felt miserable and was convinced I would stop taking this. However, took the very first pill of my second pack and every single symptom disappeared overnight. I don 't have a single issue anymore and the bleeding stopped. Not even experiencing spotting. I know every body is different so I 'm not saying this will work for you as well, but in my case, sticking it out that first month was so important. I 'm really glad I stayed with it, and I hope you give it a chance too.
I 've been on it from 2 months for my anxiety and its working pretty fine but I 've decreased libido and low sexual drive and its concerning for a young guy to have this sort of side effects. I am gonna consult my doctor about this
I just tried this medication for the first time and I think it is great. 
Was switched to this and had no problems at first. Then after a few months, started having break through bleeding between periods. Went back to the doctor and he determined that there were not enough hormones in this birth control pill for me. This pill has a very low dose of hormones. I suppose if I could not find something better, then I would go back to this.
As a kid, when I got a cold, sore throat or flu, the first treatment was almost always &quot;mountain tea&quot;, or Pennyroyal.  My Mother 's Grandmother or my Father picked some every year on the mountain north of our home.  The tea relieved congestion and was always soothing.  It also made you pee a lot!I learned to find, pick and dry it; so my kids also got the same treatment.  I 'm 75 and still have dried Pennyroyal on the shelf.This is potent.  Don 't overdo it.  3 or 4 cups a day for the first two or three days of a cold is all you need.  I use about 3/4 of a teaspoon to a cup of almost boiling water; steep 4 - 5 minutes and strain.
Much better for my Rosacea than the Metrogels.
I 'm on my 3rd day of this medication for strep throat and take it on a full stomach every day. I haven 't had any stomach pain or diarrhea which I usually get with antibiotics, and no weird metallic taste in my mouth either. Only downside is it takes a bit longer to work than most antibiotics, so my throat was killing me until halfway through the day after taking the third pill. Aside from that, no side effects and I 'm feeling much better now! My tonsil is still a little swollen but most of the pus is gone and no more pain.
I was feeling very moody, having rapid Highs and Lows. My boyfriend called this &quot;The Dragon&quot; . I reviewed this website and read the reviews to which best medication would be right before I spoke with a doctor. I was prescribed Celexa by my doctor and have now been on the medication for about 4 weeks now. I have noticed that my exaggerated mood swings are not as extreme. I can let more things just roll off my back rather than dwelling on the negative perspective. This medicine has been very helpful to me. Not many side effects, just nausea and sex drive suppressed. All together losing a little weight is worth the steadiness of my moods.
I 'm not usually one to publicly review medications, but I really feel the need to with this one. I have been clinically depressed for about 6 years. I have tried Celexa, Lexapro, Zoloft, Prozac, and Effexor.  Trial and error is really a bummer when you want to get well and you have little to no relief. I am now on a mix of 300 mg of Wellbutrin SR and 100 mg of Zoloft and love it! The first week or two I experienced some nausea (the traditional side effect) that had me down for the count for a few days, but I stuck with it. My only complaint after about 4 months of use is the insomnia, but that 's nothing melatonin can 't fix. So, if you 've tried every SSRI/SNRI under the sun, I totally recommend trying Wellbutrin.
I had my mirena inserted over a month ago now, and I thought I 'd share my experience with you all!I am 28, mirena was recommended to me by my gp after a termination of pregnancy. I was a bit scared as so far couldn 't find a hormonal birth control that worked for me.the insertion was very unpleasant, but not excruciating as the misoprostol pill I took 4 hours before dilated my uterus well enough for the procedure to be done quickly and smoothly.Haven 't noticed any weight gain, acne, bloating or  mood swings, so far it works pretty well for me!Only down side is the cramping/ovary pain that I would rank 6/10 painwise.Spotting is not intense, and actually diminishing so far.Overall pretty pleased with mirena :)
My six year old son has been on Intuniv for 6 months. He has had an improvement in mood, attention and hyperactivity. However, he is tired in the afternoons and it is hard for him not to fall asleep due to how drowsy he is. 
I have severe anxiety and depression. The last month I 've had a bout of insomnia, it 's been horrible. I went on welbutrin about a Month ago, Bad idea for me, it was one of the worst meds I 've been on. I also wasn 't myself, did a couple regrettable things, and was almost hit by a car on my bike! I 've now been on citalopram for 3 days and I already feel better, also I was on effector for 7 years, it helped but it was tough to get off of, and I always had brain zaps.. and it stopped working. Also I take 10 mg of valium twice a day, and the combo seems to work well for me, they even each other out. . . Life has been very difficult, I shake so much I can 't even write a letter.. I 'm hoping things get better, don 't feel alone ppl. We can do it!
I have been using Invega for less than a year. The reason I appealed to this medication was because it was the only extended release medication on the market. What this means is that the medication slowly released into our body within 24 hours. Other medication when you take it, it hits our body straight away to the top and gradually decrease the medication in our body.  I find that it is good as it gives less severed side effect as the medication in our body at a constant level.  I don 't have any major side effects from this medication other than depression and insomnia but that in general related to my unresolved personal life issues. My prolactin level lower compared to when I was on Solian. Less lethargic &amp; sleepy
I have been taking generic Requip (ropinerole) for about 9 months now for restless legs syndrome and periodic limb movement disorder. My doctor has gradually increased my dose from 0.75 mg a day to 2 mg. It has really helped my PLMD; it doesn 't happen anymore. It also helps my RLS. However, my RLS had almost disappeared before I started taking Requip (when I gave up caffeine). The RLS came back when I started taking Requip for the PLMD. Overall, however, I think it has been worth it. I am on a still relatively small dose.
Took first dose at noon . Took me about 20 minutes to get it all down . Salty cherry taste is accurate . Could be worse . It started working about 10 minutes later . I have been in the bathroom since . Getting the additional water down was not difficult as I am a water drinker . I am not looking forward to the second dose at midnight also can 't imagine there will be anything left in my system by then.
Hello! So I 've been reading all of the reviews about sprintec and I wanted to do one. I just finished my first month of sprintec and now I 'm on my second month. About the second week I was having light cramping, nothing major. &amp; about my 3-4 week I was experiencing a lot of emotion. Mainly sadness.. I got weepy and cry about certain things that aren 't that big of a deal. I was also extreamly tired. Going from the pills to the placebo during my period week I was nauseous the second day.. and the day I got my period my cramps were BRUTAL. I think it was just my body adjusting to the pills. The rest of my period wasn 't that bad and it was light flow. My body is adjusting and everyone 's body is different. Overall I like this so far.
I have been on Brintellix for about 3 weeks now. So far I 've noticed increased energy, weight loss, nausea, headaches, loss of sleep, nightmares, and some aggression.  I have finally found 1 that works and I 'm having all these side effects.  I started out on the 10mg and still currently taking the 10mg. Maybe I need to be on a lower dose.  I also take Ambien 10mg for sleep.  
I took one of these huge patches back when I pretty opiate intolerant, thinking g it would be like a fentanyl patch Lol. This thing had me leaning after I smoked, couldn 't walk right. Didn 't like the residue left over.
Depakote sprinkles is the formula my son was taking. It was an almost too good to be true solution for him for over 20 years.  For those 20 years he experienced the following manageable side effects; weight gain, periodic hand tremors, constipation. It also gave him a much deserved good  'feeling '.  After that his seizures broke through and other side effects appeared such as hair loss, skin issues and more severe constipation.  We 'll miss Depakote.
I 've been on generic Oxcarbazepine, 600 mg 3X day for years and it wasn 't quite enough, alone, to control my Bipolar Disorder, but taken along with Lithium, seems to have finally been the combo I needed to bring me back to reality with stable mood, although it does make me very sleepy. I was crying every day and alternatingly unreasonably angry for years and years, going undiagnosed for decades. Bipolar runs rampant in my family, so I don 't know why I didn 't realize THAT was my issue, too! Just never put it together after watching my brother and sister 's crazy rages, since mine was so different than that! Derp!
I have suffered with bipolar disorder for 3 years.  Lithium seems to be the one that is going to help me more than the others.
I have had depression for many years and I always avoided thinking about taking medication but I just started taking Prozac and it 's already helping I 'm more awake and everything seems brighter it 's easier to get rid of negative thoughts and the weight on my chest is gone
Well I just had my first child at 25, never had tried birth control and I choose to go with Mirena to prevent pregnancy for 3 years. It has been about 7 months and I love I don 't have to use condoms but I haven 't been regular since I got it in.. it does effect my sex life, but I 'm hoping that very soon I 'll have no more periods. I do recommend it. I didn 't have pain even though my doctor had little problem with putting it in but I felt little to no pressure and light spotting. So hopefully my period goes away and I don 't get pregnant and I will give it a 10.
I have taken Tramadol off and on for more than 12 years.  For me it works, not to mitigate my chronic pain, but to change my attitude about my pain.  I have been on 50 mg x 2 daily - not excessive.  My PC doctor has decided that I 've had enough, and didn 't refill.  I went for more than a week without recently to prove to myself that there wasn 't a physical dependence.  I had a whole lot of pain, as usual, but my attitude wasn 't terrific about it.  NSAIDS just tear my gut apart after 2.5 days, so I don 't know what to do.  Maybe find a new PCP?  Nobody had a problem prescribing this medication before it became scheduled.
Entocort has been good to me and my Eosinophilic Esophagitis problem.  It 's not as effective as Prednisone, but WAY easier to handle.  I could usually last 3 to 4 weeks off of Prednisone.  I can only go about a week without Entocort.  My side effects have been occasional dizziness, occasional indigestion / heartburn, and sometimes just feeling tired.  After several years of Prednisone, this is still much better and easier to handle.  I take one 3mg pill (3 times a day) and break it apart and pour it into my mouth and try to let the individual bits of medicine stay in my throat as long as I can. I 've been doing well with this and I am happy with the results.
I am on week 5, have lost 9 lbs total. Some might say this is achievable with diet/ exercise &amp; they 'd be right. For me, I haven 't had time to exercise. My Dr prescribed the following: week 1: 1 pill mid a.m. / food, week 2: add in 2nd pill mid p.m. week 3: 1 mid a.m. &amp; 2 mid p.m. &amp; week 4 &amp; all following: 2 am &amp; 2 pm. Here 's the difference: My Dr knew that nausea was a common side effect &amp; also prescribed a nausea medicine for the first month, once daily about 30 min. before my first dose, to help me build a tolerance. I am on week 5 &amp; have run out of the nausea medicine. I 'm not feeling nausea but the headaches some speak of are present. I 've up my water, add Tylenol as needed &amp; hope it will pass. Let 's see. I want to continue.
After being on seroquel and then shortly zyprexa I was put on latuda 40 mg. It gave me a lot of anxiety and strong restless feelings so I dropped to 20 mg and it helped. I 've since gone back up to 40 mg because 20 wasn 't helping all my symptoms. It helps a lot with suicidal thoughts and negative obsessive thoughts and I 've noticed I 've lost weight on it. The anxiety can be kinda unbearable at times but in the overall scheme it seems to be worth it. I would go up to a higher dose but my insurance won 't cover it. I take it at night with something to eat and if I do have uncomfortable feelings they go away within a couple hours. Overall I would say it 's a pretty good med but be careful because it is pretty potent even at low doses.
I have been taking methadone for about a year now. I was on Oxycontin for way to long and although the transition was a bit difficult but I made it through. I take between 3 and 5 10mg tabs a day and I do have relief from chronic back pain but I do feel as if I need more as it keeps feeling as if it gets less and less effective. Might have to up the dosage. 
Fell onto my shoulder off my sons skate board, initially felt no discomfort, but my shoulder a week or so after began to become painful, enough to stop me swimming. Waited 3 months for it to go, no reduction on pain, went to doctor who prescribed Naprosyn within a day or two pain had eased, carried on for 2 weeks and now swim regularly, very slight discomfort but take remaining pills as and when needed, but discomfort so small rarely have to take them. Negatives, I think when taking medication I suffered stomach discomfort.
Day 20, down 5 poundseating habits are slowly changing and I at the least one hour of cardio in a day.one day at a time.Side effect:  super sleepy, but i found if a take a coconut oil tab, im fine :)
I had the Mirena put in after the pill failed again and my second child was born. It 's worry free - also stopped my horrible cramps I used to have and my recurring ovarian cysts. Negative side though, zero sex drive. But I would rather have that than the chance of falling pregnant again.
This medication really, really helps me with everything.
Hands - down THE most effective pain relief I 've ever had!! I 've been wearing 25mcg for 2 months now. 1st month, I wore Actavis clear gel-filled. This month I 'm wearing Apotex band-aid type patch. I 'm not certain which I prefer. Gel-filled was great, but I was always paranoid with it buckling. On the down-side, my lips are raw due to my mouth being so dry. I also itch like crazy!! The fact that the pain relief is so phenomenal, I don 't see me changing meds. I take no breakthrough meds except occasional Advil. Pills were a problem for me as I would always take too much. Another reason that the Fentanyl patch is a God send!
I started Belviq on February 19th, dry mouth but no other side effects.  I am down five pounds in those three weeks.  First week absolutely no weight loss and hungry.  Second week I noticed a change in appetite. Lost 3 lbs.  Third week I am down five.  Appetite is controllable most times.  It does require some self discipline right now.  So far so good.
The skyla is my second form of IUD, I had the copper one expel before. It hurt significantly more the second time, causing me to scream during the couple of seconds during the actual insert, and being unable to be coherent, walk, or move much at all after. Comparing to when I broke my foot as a child, I would say the IUD insertion and the half hour after were worse. I would say it 's still worth it to not have to fight with the pharmacies and my insurance every month for the pill, and then forget to take it anyway. I would advice trying to be as relaxed as you possibly can during the insertion, and make sure you have a good breakfast beforehand, and not forget to eat at all before like I did, because that just makes relaxing all the harder.
In 2005 I had many tests. No clear diagnosis but Prilosec seemed to bring the burning under control for nearly 6 1/2 yrs. There was breakthrough pain, helped by diet. Though there were mood swings and muscle spasms. Never associated until reading these reviews.
I just started taking this medication last night. I 've tried Abilify, Risperdal, Geodon, Fanapt, Latuda, Loxitane and others as well as an array of Antidepressants and Antianxiety pills. It is very bitter, but I have to say I sleep GREAT now! I will try to put more on here as my treatment continues.
Hi,I have used Subutex for two years for pain and it has helped me quite a lot. I broke my upper/lower jaw when I was 15 and had arthritis in my neck and back since I was a young child. For years the pain doctors treated me with procedures and many narcotic pain medications which only relieved my pain at first, but after using It for years I had no life. My life was dependent on the pills, I lived in fear of withdrawal. I also felt extremely sick, could hardly get out of bed, and developed tons of other issues. After being off them for years, my Dr. Put me on Subutex for pain. It helps me quite well, few side effects. I would like to stop one day, terribly my young brother died while withdrawing this drug, but for now it has saved me
I was in the same spot you are at this exact moment about 2 weeks ago . Just know everything is going to be okay &amp; Plan B does work ! I have an irregular period which made tracking the effectiveness really complicated . I was supposed to get my period close to the day me and my BF had sex  . I think I was already a few days late , which is normal for me since I 'm always late.One thing led to the other &amp; somehow the condom managed to stay inside of me.So my BF took the condom out &amp; obviously I panicked right away because something like this had never happened . The next morning my BF got me the pill . My period didn 't come until about a week and a half after taking the pill . Mind you I was already late when we had intercourse . You are ok!
I would probably rate Apriso higher if it were not for some side effects. The only medicine that has actually worked to keep the blood and unreal  cramps at a distance. It works.  only twice have I had symptoms since 11/01/2011, I hope it stays that way. Anyone with ulcerative colitis know 's how important this is.
I have taken this medication for exactly a whole year. It did its job by not allowing me to become pregnant, but the first month was horrible! I had really bad nausea and headaches. But overall, it 's a great contraceptive.
I have had this implant since December of 2015. It is February 2017 and I have had almost constant bleeding the whole time. At first it was for a few months then stopped for two weeks, and then I 'd bleed for months. It ranges from just a spot to a full period. I can stop for a day but it hasn 't been longer than a day since maybe October 2016. Friends have gotten it and stopped bleeding within 6 months but I 'm going to my doctor soon because I 'm fed up with this bleeding. It 's been over a year and it hasn 't stopped. Other than that I have not had any pregnancy scares or other issues such as weight gain or depression.
I was previously taking Lexapro for my major depression, but once I started having panic attacks, my doctor switched me to Zoloft.  So far, the panic is gone, and my depression has similarly been suppressed.  The only problem seems to be the side effects.  I can 't really eat that much anymore, and have succeeded in losing a fair amount of weight.  I also have the &quot;shakes&quot; where my hands tremble. Though, as other people have said, the effectiveness of the medicine outweighs the side effects.
Here 's most realistic review you 'll read. Many ultra positive reviews are hyperbole and most of the ultra negative reviews are exaggerated just as much.1. If your nails are legitimately infected, they will NOT clear up within a few months. Both big toenails were badly infected and other nails as well. It has taken 8 months. for me to finally see measurable results that I 'm content with. In months. 4-6 I thought about stopping. I wanted better results. I turned a corner after 7th mo.2. Use it DAILY and at the PROPER TIME, i.e. don 't apply it and then shower 2 hrs later. Waste. Be committed to applying it EVERY day. Don 't miss a treatment. I say early evening. ~12hrs until next shower and most can be barefoot entire time.3. Use for ALL 12+ mos.
I had to preterm deliveries. My son at 35 weeks, with prom at 34 w &amp; was NICU baby 2 weeks, almost 17 yrs ago. My daughter almost 8 yrs ago was 35 w 6 d, but was good to come home. My doctor recommended makena, even though I felt it wasn 't super necessary since both my kids were not micro preemie. However, I was willing to try it, I experienced small side effects from shot. I am now 38 weeks today with a baby girl. My last shot was at 34 weeks. Was supposed to go until 36 week, but read many women had to get induced past their due date . I am glad I stopped taking the injection when I read about it because I didn 't like the fact my body not going into natural labor. I am regretful of taking this drug, possibly looking at an unnatural induction.
Suspected for months if not a couple of years low levels of testosterone (I am 46). Anyway, was tested a couple of times and levels were slightly below minimum. Got started on 12/30/11 with Testim. I am pretty self conscious of the scent. Anyway, I found myself wanting intimacy for the first time in months and we were both home! This took place a few hours after my first application. Could it be placebo effect? Anyway, managed to feel good the remainder of the day and into the evening. Had a big meal and found myself polishing off a dish that previously I would have not finished previously (interesting). I woke up two times after falling asleep to empty my bladder which is a rare event but noted side effect. So far so good!
Been on Buspar for 3 weeks. Weened off of lorazepam and using Buspar instead.  Big difference.  Started on 15mg 3 times a day. Then 30 mg 3 times a day.  Now experiencing muscle pain, upset stomach, bad taste in mouth. I think my dosage is to high. At 15mg no bad side effects. When I get dosage straightened out. I think this will be a fine medication for my anxiety problem.
Pristiq was great for me but seem to stop working after 5 years. Definitely start on the 25mg dose. Let your body get use to it, before increasing. I went to 50 mg but didn 't like the side effects, so went back to 25 mg. Nothing else has worked as well, so I am thinking of giving Pristiq another try after trying numerous other drugs.
Also take for extreme facial sweating resulting as a side effect of antidepressants. Been taking for years after searching for relief and finding online article mentioning study of terasozin for this purpose. Sometimes works well in sweat reduction, sometimes not at all, but better than nothing. Tried drysol topical but my skin is too sensitive. Curious what mg dosage others take. I take 2mg x 2 after driving into work as I think it contributes to dizziness, likely along with other meds.
Age 63, using finasteride for 2 years and no other medications.  Took many months for improvement in urination and now much improved though definitely not what it was when I was young.  I am no longer scouting for spots to stop in a 30 minute walk.  I typically sleep about 5 hours at night before having to get up.  Other changes since beginning dosage: ejaculation volume has decreased, occasional but rare loss of erection during intercourse. No other changes noticed, in particular no loss of libido, and no mental changes noticed. After doing the research physiological effects seem to be the same at 1mg (for hair loss) as 5mg (for BPH) so I quarter the 5mg pills and take a 1/4 pill per day.
I have been using Epiduo for over 1 year now and besides the side effects, it has helped my face, chest and back acne tremendously!  For the first few months of using it, I had terrible dry, flakey and very red irritating skin. I didn 't care as much then but it really became a problem when I began to wear foundation. I now know to moisturize  constantly and ONLY APPLY A THIN LAYER! Overall, thanks to Epiduo I barely have any acne on my chest. My back is no longer severely bad but now moderate and controlled. My moderate facial acne is so much better ! Only downfalls: sometimes my skin was terribly burnt and dry. Also really expensive but worth it!
I started taking this pill about 5 months ago to regulate my period. 10 days, sometimes super late or early, extreme headaches, cramping, nausea and vomiting from pain. This pill helped regulate my periods very well. Reading through these other bad experiences, it 's weird. I 've noticed nothing wrong. No acne, no weight loss or gain... mood swings are unsure, mainly because I had a traumatic incident in July and then again just 2 weeks ago, along with having chronic illnesses. Same with the sex drive; I haven 't noticed much due to not paying attention  and then traumatic experience. I personally really like it, although the extra iron is pointless.
Suffering for years from all symptoms of hypothryroidism and mother has Hashimoto 's. Finally doctor did thyroid tests. My thyroid peroxidase asb level was 170 but Free T4 and T3 within normal range. Doc prescribed 100mg Synthroid to start. Wow! In three days I could tell a difference. I rated Synthroid 8 of 10. Time will tell if I have side effects, but for the time being after one week on Synthroid I feel like a new person.
My son has ADD without the H. He started on 18mg in September. His teachers noticed the difference from the year before. He did lose his appetite, but due to a growth spurt and my making him eat he gained a pound. He loved the medicine and actually wanted to take it. He got the flu in early November and stopped the pills cause they seemed to make it worse. When we started again they still made him sick so we just took a break, thinking to get the idea out of his head, then I got his report card. He started the pills again 4 days ago and no sickness, as long as he eats 1/2 hour before. Teachers have already commented on the change.
18 year old female. I 've been on duloxetine for three months now, currently on the maximum dose of 120 mg, and it 's had an amazing effect. I 'm happier, more productive, and more motivated. It 's done a great job with fixing my energy levels and memory, and I enjoy my hobbies more. Overall, very good experience- however, on days I forget to take my medicine, I can experience a dull, stabbing pain in my hands and feet, similar to symptoms of peripheral neuropathy, though I 've yet to receive a diagnosis. I can 't be sure that this is a side effect of the medication, as the pain subsides when I 'm regularly taking it, but I would suggest making sure you take it as regularly as prescribed, especially at high doses.
I have arthritis in my neck, which causes severe nerve pain. I am not a fan of medications. I use normally only alternative medicine. I am taking 300 mg at night. The first night I was knocked out. When I opened my eyes my first thought was no pain. I got up and everything started spinning. The dizziness lasted until 3:00 pm. I was glad it  was Saturday. I  hated the feeling! I thought okay I give it a couple days... During the day the constant pain was almost not persistent. It started hurting only in certain movements. Overall pain was a 3. I was able to do all my exercises. 2nd day dizziness reduced, pain level 3. Still not comparable. Mood is better without the severe pain. I was given an anti-inflammatory celecoxib 200 mg.
Been on Prozac for 3 weeks now and starting to see light at end of tunnel. Stomach pain an nausea the first couple weeks but much better now. I 'm sleeping well and feel more relaxed. I find I actually want to do things like take a walk, play with grandkids, clean house and take care of myself. I didn 't want to do anything before Prozac. I just existed. Thanks to Prozac I 'm now living at 56 years old!
I was first put on abilify in 2004. It is very effective, and has been the most useful medication for me. I have developed gallstones, have a fatty liver and have high triglycerides. It is definitely not because of my diet. I was a vegan for 23 years and I am very strict with what I eat. I now have to get my gallbladder removed and I think it has to do with taking psychiatric drugs over the years. It is well noted now that abilify causes gallstones, a fatty liver and high triglycerides. I have been in constant pain for three months and just now, after 12 years of taking abilify, may discontinue the use and start something new. Overall, for the mood disorder this was highly effective and useful in treating my bipolar depression.
This was my second time trying saphris. Throughout my first experience,  it worked great for my severe depression,  but caused me to gain 20  pounds in a very short time frame. This increase in weight wasn 't acceptable, as I battle with bulimia as well. The second time around,  a few years later,  I had high hopes for this medication,  as it had virtually wiped out my depression while on it in the past, and I was taking the precautionary measure of adding Effexor to my medication regimen to help counteract the side effect of increased hunger and weight gain. The Effexor did help with decreasing my appetite;  however the antidepressant effect was not nearly as strong for some reason.  It may have even worsened my depressive symptoms.
In my younger years I had never experienced any sort of acne. When I turned 23 is when it started (I 'm now 30) so it was time to make a change. I should also say that my breakouts were only on my chin but were cystic. I went to my doctor asking her to put me on acutane but she insisted that I try doxycycline first as it can give ultimately the same results as acutane. She started me on 100mg 2x a day along with the topical benzaclin 1x a day (in the evening) I have had virtually no side effects and I know a lot of people have been saying that they broke out in the first few weeks of being on it, this did not happen to me (yet, anyways). I have been on the medication for 2 1/2 weeks now and I 've noticed a vast improvement!
I think I have chronic sinusitis, with allergy symptoms all day long, year round. Zyrtec used to help, but doesn 't anymore.I thought that Xyzal was going to be the answer and it was until I started experiencing stomach aches that had no apparent cause in what I had eaten. Very reluctantly I stopped the Xyzal and the stomach aches stopped.But if you don 't experience any of the side effects, then it works better than any other medication for allergies that I have ever taken!
I had constant nausea and mild diarrhea on it until I eliminated dairy products. Took more than 24 hours after the last serving, but both the nausea and the diarrhea went  away. I 've also experienced fatigue, vertigo and a lot of trouble concentrating. Ugh. But it does seem to be doing the job. I 'm taking it and another antibiotic for an infected surgical wound.
I 've been using 2% erythromycin gel along with Skin Medica acne lotion (benzoyl peroxide) for a few months. I apply every other day to my entire face, neck and chest. I 'm in my mid 30s yet my skin still thinks I 'm in my teens! So annoying! I have very sensitive skin and this doesn 't irritate it, or make it red/flakey. I do use a good moisturizer daily... so I 'm sure that helps. Before trying the topical gel, I had tried many other treatments and none seemed to work as well. I still get the occasional pimple, but before using this medication I would get 3-4 new pimples a day. I can handle one every so often!Fingers crossed it keeps working!
Racing heart and head rushes when you first start taking the medicine... It was my life saver for high school and college and even now through life.. I can actually accomplish things in an orderly fashion.
I was a very heavy drinker for over 20 years, drinking over a fifth a day. I read a book called the alcohol and addiction cure given to me by my father. I then started seeing a psychologist for several months before entering detox for 4 days. When I left they gave me a prescription for Campral. I did not enter a program. I did go to AA meetings quite a bit for about a year and still go occasionally although I never went through the steps. I took the Campral for about 6 or 7 months. I believe it helped, but I think it was everything combined that helped me. I have been sober since July 11,2009. Good luck.
For many years I had been trying to live with anxiety until it reached a point when I realized I needed help. I often felt stressed and anxious with simple activities like going to the store, and couldn 't hold a job or stick with things. Celexa made me happy again, helped me look at life as a glass half full, not empty. Started on 20, noticed some improvement but not complete relief...increased to 40, and then feeling great decided I no longer needed medication. Tapering off, withdrawal symptoms included: dizziness, shakiness, nausea, etc...also, anxiety returned full force. I 'm back on it, I gave it an 8 because as effective as it is, therapy is an important component to include with treatment. I 'll probably stay on this for many years!
I used Suprep to prepare for a colonoscopy. I was worried after reading other reviews, because I have a super weak stomach (the smell of wet cat food makes me vomit). The suprep tastes terrible, but I combined other tips and was able to keep it down with no issues. I chilled the Suprep overnight, and mixed it with Ginger Ale. I had lemon slices ready, and licked them between sips. I used a straw, which helped a bit. I also chewed Big Red gum in between. I divided the prep into three cups, but poured so the first cup had the most, the second about 2/3 the first cup amount and the last cup only about 1/3 the first cup amount. This really helped mentally for me. I was able to complete the prep and the doc said my prep was &quot;pristine&quot;
Was prescribed Effexor XR 75mg in 2015 for depression. I was on it for 7 months. It helped at first, but not in a healthy way. It kinda just kept me calm and numb to my surroundings. It was almost like some type of fake permanent trance that helped me to not be able to focus for more than a couple seconds on issues. Just a constant blur, I had absolutely no feelings. Whether it be love or hate.....I had nothing. I didn 't care about anything, nothing seemed to bother me. Then I started to have memory loss along with brain zaps every night before bed. I quit cold turkey because I knew I had to save myself. I now  suffer with sleep paralysis and occasional brain zaps, two years later. I believe they are 2 lifetime side effects caused by this drug.
I 'm taking nifurantoin (Macrobid) 100mg, currently on day 4 of 7 for urinary tract infection (UTI).  My urinary tract infection was more than painful pee - I had the whole set of flu-like symptoms like chills, nausea, aches and of course, painful pee and blood in the urine.  I would say about 80% of my symptoms - especially the pain! - was gone within 24 hours and the only thing I feel now is a bit of itchiness in the urethra when I pee. No big deal.On the down side, I am VERY tired (day 2 was the worst, felt like I was 90 years old), a bit dizzy, certainly nauseous, I feel like I have to breathe really hard and muscle pain. Overall, very effective for treating urinary tract infection but I feel like crap and I can 't wait to finish the 7-day course.
I took this medicine for two years and it worked great but I developed a cough then I had to change it for another.
I was told that I have rheumatoid arthritis a few months back.  I have been on Plaquenil now for almost 2 months.  It has helped with the pain in my hands and feet.  I still have swollen fingers but am waiting for the full affects of the drug.  I do not know how common this is but the side effect that I am having is hair loss.  I am guessing it wouldn 't be as bad if I was a male but being a female.  I am hoping this stops after my body gets used to the medicine because I am very discouraged with that aspect.
2 shots in belly. Both bleed #2 turn black &amp; blue. 3 and 4 shot in thigh above knee no bleeding no black and blue no lumps or bumps. Before bydureon I was on Victoria four 4 years it quit working. On victory very dizzy bad sulfur taste &amp; bad gas could not be around people. Before I started bydureon be jumped to 235 after 4 shots morning be now 160. 6# lost in 4 weeks. 5th shot 08/18/2016. I pay $621 for 3 months
I ma 30yrs old and had skyla inserted in me just a bit over a month ago. Although everyone 's experience is different due to different bodies and such, my experience I would say wasn 't painful but uncomfortable (feeling a bit violated) for a lack of better words. First few days I was sporting, followed by my 5daybperiod, followed by more spoting on and off. Its been a month and about a week now and no dark red almost brown chunk like doscharges but I 'm not sure if I 'm out of the woods yet. Still trying to see and decide if this is still a good choice for me, so far I am rating it a 7 for first time experience, with all the discomfort and spoting on and off. I 'll coment again after my 2nd month and see where I 'm at with it.
I started this medication 3 days ago.  By the 2nd day I had lots of diarrhea and gas. Still lingering but has subsided a bit.  And it is clearing up the sinius infection.  Just make sure to have a toilet near you.
Started this medicine slowly 25 mg a day for two weeks, then went up to 50mg for 2 weeks. Still did not feel much better, went up too 100mg a day for 4 days feeling lethargic, the fifth day on it starting feeling a little better. But, I started getting itchy all over and started a very small rash on my side near my butt, My doc told me to stop it, cut the dose in half last night and then stop. He put me on Tegretol today, taking my first dose at dinner.
Female 54 years oldNormally I eat a high fiber diet and was directed low fiber diet the day prior to prep and clear liquids day of prepTook first dose @ 5pm; nauseated, abdominal cramps, headaches. Drank about a 1/2 gallon of water over the next few hours and nothing happened.Woke up @ 3 am and felt the need to fart but it was diarrhea and gas. Couldn 't go back to sleep because of hunger. Liquid diarrhea continued until 6 am when I took the second dose.As the hours and diarrhea continued, it became clearer almost urine colored. The cleansing continued up to the moment I had the procedure at 11 am. Lots of gas and continued  ' cleansing ' diarrhea until about 24 hours after the initial dose. Opt for water not soda after colonoscopy
I 've been on this medication for about a week now and I must say that out of all other medications I have been on, Vraylar is working pretty well. The only side effects that I have experienced has been an upset set stomach. I 'm sleeping better and hopefully it continues.
I had been suffering from IBS-d and Coeliac Disease since the end of 2011. Just recently as in four weeks ago found out what was wrong with me. I have been taking dicyclomine for about a year now and changing up my diet has really helped. With the new gluten free diet and the dicyclomine, life has gone from sitting on the toilet to being able to enjoy life. However just recently I have started to get aniexty attacks, loss of focus and zoning out as well as unusual thoughts. It really scares me when these things happen. I wish there was an alternative type of medication I could use because I do not like my mental faculties to be foggy. All and all the medication helps with the cramps, bloating, and diarrhea.
I wake with a squeezing sensation that develops into nausea every morning around 4:30. I get up take a half a 150, Zantac and half an anti motion sickness pill and have a large mug of tea with milk. I lie there awake for nearly 2 hours until I fall back to sleep. When I wake again around 8:00 Inhave a bowl, 6, of Frosted Mini Wheats and some half and half. I try to go back to sleep again and wake at varying times or I don 't get back to sleep at all. The pain and nausea start up again early afternoon so I take the other half a Zantac. I am in bed off and on til suppertime. Sometimes I have to take another half and a half anti-motion sickness pill in the evening. This is my usual day.
I 've been on Zoloft for 2 weeks now, and already see a difference. I was prescribed this because of stress related anxiety. Over the past couple of weeks I was able to control my outbursts, which is huge for me. I don 't know about not being able to sleep, I have been on OTC sleep medicines for quite some time now. The one thing I am noticing is a extreme thirst! It seems to be unquenchable. Overall A  .
I started Sprintec about two weeks ago. I started taking it because of my irregular periods and painful cramps. So far I have had little symptoms but nothing huge. I have been spotting brown discharge since my last period everyday. That 's kind of annoying and I hope it goes away. And my breasts have been tender in the morning. Other than that, I haven 't had any weight gain and my mood has been good. So far this pill has been great.
Very drowsy for the first week of taking it, but once your body gets used to it, it is a great mood stabilizer. I 've been on it 6 years and it calms the edginess and irritability with bipolar. Also makes you sleep like a rock. My weight only changed when lithium was added to my meds. No significant weight gain for me. If I go a few days without it, I notice I 'm on edge constantly.
My new pain doctor put me on Cymbalta a few weeks ago.  I took 30 mg 1x per day for a week, then increased the dosage to 60mg 1x per day.  I have post thoracotomy pain syndrome (nerve and muscle pain) and pain from scar tissue from major abdominal surgery. The Cymbalta works beautifully. I am pain free for the first time since 2006! My next step is to gradually stop taking the opiate pain medications. Two &quot;cons&quot; about Cymbalta--side effects (these have gone away finally after about 5 days)--including nausea, waking up in the middle up the night, sweating and unable to go back to sleep, and some cold sweats in the morning. The second not so great thing is that since there is no generic, I pay a lot for it. My insurance covers it, but still.
I have a 50% compression fracture of my L1 and Celebrex is the only thing that will alleviate the pain. Unfortunately it upsets my stomach.
I am fused from C3 to C7 and from L1 to S1. I have nerve damage because of a botched operation. I have taken this medicine for 3 years. It is the only drug I have been able to take for this length of time and not have to titrate it up. I would take it forever but my insurance company has decided that I only need two tablets a day. I currently take 2 x 40mg ER tabs 3 times a day. This was a great medicine for me and anyone on long term use should at least try it.
This is day three for me taking Contrave.  I was really excited to start the med because I knew it was closely related to Wellbutrin.  Years ago I took Wellbutrin to stop smoking and it work great.  So day 1 I weighed 197lb and I 'm 5-3.  Felt kind of fuzzy and in the later afternoon a bit nauseous.  Day 2 after sleeping great woke up and took morning med and shortly later felt nauseous but not bad enough to quit.  Absolutely no appetite, had cereal and beef stick for lunch.  Evening dinner was a half of a small steak and green beans.  Woke up with stomach cramps and diarrhea, had 3 bouts.  I attribute it to the high fatty foods I ate.  Weigh in again on the 4/24/17.   Dr. gave me free month supply so I will try it before I buy it.
Long before I took this I was really moody I did not like to be around anyone but now since I am taking this I am calm and I don 't eat as much as I used to but the thing is I am not able to focus in school and I am failing most of my classes and it 's really weird but I like the pill its a whole lot better than the other birth control pills and patches that  I have taken.
I felt better after 4 days. The reason why I didn 't give this medication a 10 is because I experienced back pain while on this medication. Secondly, because I have to take the medicines for 7 days. I would have prefered to take AZO since it 's only a 2 day medication but I couldn 't because I was allergic to it.
Not that bad aftet worrying from reading reviews..Not great tasting took few sips each time about 5 mins to get it down...started in 10 mins or so with bowel movements ...mostly water..and they slowed down in a hr. 3 hrs later still having pretty much like pee coming out but definitely slowing down. I hope morning goes as well as now....really no need to worry ...way better than expected...guess it was better to be prepared for the worst.
Zoloft got rid of my anxiety (I have general anxiety) at 50 mg. At 75 Mg, my tics started improving greatly (lessening). Unfortunately though, Zoloft made me more depressed, in an apathetic way. I suspect it 's the decrease in dopamine due to raising my serotonin. Dr is adding Wellbutrin. Maybe I 'll get my sex drive back too (which Zoloft also squashed). Overall, for Anxiety, it works very well for me.
When I first started taking it I had a lot of side effects, like nausea, sleepiness, insomnia, muscle twitching, decreased sexual interest, headache, nightmares, need to move legs and others I can 't remember but I was desperate to get rid of the anxiety so persisted. Most of the side effects went away after several days. I still have the leg movement and insomnia and but it 's manageable. It took about 5 1/2  weeks before I noticed any effect by when I feel happier, like I can 't even think in a depressed way, and I can talk to people online with ease. Still panic about the outside with strangers everywhere and conversing one on one is still hard. Nut now after 6 weeks my doctor has put me up from 50mg to 100mg so I 'll see how that goes.
I changed from Levothroxine to Armour in the last two weeks.  I feel so much better in this short amount of time.  I 'm not so bloated and something just didn 't feel right with the Levothyroxine.  I have only been taking it two weeks, but the way I feel is good.  I take 30 of Armour.
I will start by saying this, the pill has done its job. It 's regulated my period, cleared my acne, and prevented pregnancy. I haven 't gained a whole lot of weight I 've actually lost weight but I have gone up a cup size. Here 's the problem, 1) I have little to no sex drive now. It takes me forever to lubricate now and when I do it 's very little. 2) THE BIGGEST PROBLEM is that I have become very emotionally unstable. I cry a lot now. There 's very few days that go by that I don 't cry. I also have a bad temper. I believe this is due to the pill after reading other reviews. These emotional issues didn 't come about until about 2 or 3 months of being on this pill. I 've been on it for about 6 months now and can 't say whether I love or hate it.
I have had all three of these type of shots over approx 12-13 years now, first the synvic, had moderate relief for 9 months, Doctor no longer accepted my insurance.  New Dr and used Hyalgan, great results, even getting 2 years at a time even playing softball. Now moved to Florida and trying the supartz once already, not real good results but trying it again, into my second shot, lets see
I have been on Implanon since November 4, 2011.  As far as birth control, I had only tried the pill which I would forget to take by the 4th day.  The Implanon is great in that you don 't have to remember to take a pill everyday.  I have experienced some mild side effects which I can deal with (so long as they remain mild).  I have gained about 5 pounds had one heavy period and feel constantly bloated.  I also have cravings all the time.  I started spotting very lightly last week but it has not turned into a full on period.  After reading the other reviews I have noticed that the people who bleed more are the ones who don 't gain weight. My complexion wasn 't bad before and has actually gotten a little better.
Been on this BC for a year and a half. This was the first BC I 've ever taken, I 'm 22 and it works really well for me. I never had a regular period , and this gave me a period the first week of every month, like clockwork.  No nausea , vomiting , diarrhea, or mood swings. No pregnancy scare  ever ( I take it the same time every day) The only thing is I 've gained about 10 pounds within this last year, but not sure if it 's because of BC.
My junior year of college my moderate acne became very severe and I went to my dermatologist for help. He put me on Differin and 2x daily Minocycline (which did absolutely nothing). I went back, and my doc prescribed me Bactrim in conjunction with the Differin. Bactrim was quick and powerful in clearing up my moderate-severe acne. I have been taking Bactrim for 2 weeks and I almost immediately started seeing great results. I still get large zits here and there but nothing compared to what I had before. A lot of other reviews said this isn 't a long term drug, which kind of sucks, but I 'm gonna take what I can from it until I can no longer take it, haha. I would definitely recommend Bactrim to people who feel like nothing is working for them
At 125 mg greatly helped reduce the craving but had to lower the dose due to side effects such as sleep apeneia and extreme tiredness. Currently in 60 mg . In conclusion it helped me a lot but I had severe side effects .
I 've been taking zoloft for a few years for ocd, starting with 20 milligrams per day and increasing to 40. It has helped me greatly with my obsessions, but not my compulsions. Of the two, I have always thought the obsessions were worse, so I think it has been a successful medicine for me. And so far, I have experienced no side effects. I also take zocor for cholesterol and have had no negative interaction.
I have multiple sclerosis and one of the most annoying symptoms is urinary issues.  I have to go A LOT, don 't have a lot of time to actually get to the bathroom and I wake up 4-5 times per night to go.  I have tried a few other medicines for this but Oxybutynin ER has been the only one that made a difference.  Now I only get up 1-2 times per night and I can go out without fear of finding a bathroom in time. Only side effect I 've had is severe dry mouth, but it does make me drink more water so not a total negative.
It cleared up my plaques but the injections are a bit painful and it did nothing for the guttate psoriasis.
I have been on this birth control for just over a year now and I love it. It is the first pill I 've ever tried and it works great for me. I had a little nausea when I first began taking them, but it went away after a month or so. The only negative thing I have noticed is sometimes at the beginning of a new pill pack, I lose my appetite for about a week. I have gained about 5 pounds in the past year. I have no complaints other than that though. I take my pill at the exact same time every day religiously and have never missed a pill, and I have not gotten pregnant. Also, I am able to determine exactly what days I am going to be on my period now which is so nice. It 's been a great birth control for me!
Been on xulane for 7 months, most of the time I 'm chill, no mood swings, periods are lighter, I used to have awful cramps now I only have minimal cramping on the first day of my period.  I love it, only thing that 's annoying is the occasional headaches and nausea.  The nausea is super annoying cause I love to eat, other than that I recommend it!
I take one Aleve in the morning, one at night and can 't believe the relief I 've experienced from painful, arthritic  knees.
I have had Implanon since April 2010. At first I had very crazy mood swings and I have gained about 15 lbs. The second month I had it I had a period lasting about 2 and 1/2 weeks but since then my mood swings have all but disappeared. I have less acne, I have not had a period for 7 months which is GREAT, and I have not gained more weight. I love not needing to worry about taking a pill everyday at the same time and still getting a period. It was easy to have put in since they numb you but you do have a large bruise for a week or so after but I would take a small bruise over an accidental pregnancy any day. I also like that it lasts for 3 years.
I am a 28 year old mother of 2. I was diagnosed as being Anxious Depressive after battling for 5 years with Post Partum &amp; paranoia. I started on Citalopram for about 2 years. Then 8 months ago changed to Flouxetine, because I was falling back into depression. I talked to my doctor a week ago about my concerns with my lack of libido. I was also still battling getting up in the AM and starting my day. She has added Wellbutrin along with Flouxetine. I started with 150mg for 4 days and today is my second day taking 300mg. It is working wonderfully! I have not noticed any real side effects and wake up ready to take on the day. Because of my anxiety I can 't take Wellbutrin alone, but it has been the perfect extra kick I needed.
this was extremely effective at treating my UTI but made me feel awful whilst taking it.. was like i had a hangover for days and my urine was bright neon coloured
Great method is you dont wanna get pregnant. I have had the implanon for two years. It just makes me feel sad and I have a lot of mood swings I really don 't want it anymore
I have taken 0.4mg for two weeks after dinner meal. First 2 days it worked great. However I 'm still getting up 4-5 times each night. Have good results during the daytime. Also taking Proscar 5mg in morning.  Hoping night improves over time.
I get severe acne now, I sweat more often then not now, and I now have cramping - which I have never had before. Plus I start my period early and end late.
My son is 13 years old and has have been on Adderall for about 6 years now and was recently switched from Adderall XR 15 mg to Adderall XR 20 mg. Today is his first on the 20 mg. So far he noticed a large difference in the effects. He said when he was on 15 mg XR for 2 years and he didn 't even notice his attention span had dropped and his grades had also been, He said felt no effect whatsoever from 15 mg. The 20 mg has a noticably large increase in effectiveness . For the first time in months he feel back to normal and refreshed. He said never knew my body could grow a tolerance to a medication so quickly. I am curious if every dosage will get weak like the 15 mg. I don 't want to keep elevating the strength for him as I 'm worried it is bad for his health.
I am very happy with this pill. My periods are practically non-existent, I have no negative side effects that I can speak of and it even made my boobs bigger!
Given this for anxiety related to the end and jump off of Suboxone. Seemed to work well for anxiety from taper, at least make it easier to handle. When I jumped off completely, it worked very well when used in conjunction with Clonidine.It is not a benzodiazepine, but I do not want any of those. I tapered Suboxone slowly over the course of 11 months. I got myself down to 0.25 milligrams and decided to stop taking it and see how I felt. I was uncomfortable for two days but have felt okay since.
Diagnosed in August 2016. Tried a few of the newer drugs, reactions just fine, but insurance would only pay a fraction of these meds. So, settled on Metformin. It does the job but I suffer from digestive/intestinal gas problems. I combat these with diarrhea meds and an acid reducer. It has helped but I would like to take the newer drugs if my rx plan would pay a substantial amount of the cost.
I have been taking this medicine for 2 weeks now and I have lost 5 lbs. I really haven 't completly changed my diet as of yet just cut back; But I am happy to report that I have not experienced any side affects at this time. For the ones with nausea I suggest eating a few saltiness crackers and plenty of water. Good Luck on your new journey
I have been unemployed now for three years and things have gone from bad to worse. I found myself losing control of my temper and crying for no reason or if someone said something that negative. I couldn 't sleep and when I did it was for two hours at a time. Sometimes I would stay up just crying. To add to my problems my back pain were getting worse. Doctor diagnose me with depression and gave me Zoloft. I started at 25mg for four days and then up to 50mg. It has been only a week, but I am not crying unexpectedly and feel calmer than I have in quite a while and have actually slept 5 hours straight. I had no side effects.
So far so good. I 'm just on my first pack and I feel fine. I 'm not getting the symptoms other reviewers are talking about. Maybe because before I started taking this I was pregnant and no side effects compare to morning sickness 24/7 (remember that ladies 
Naltrexone is very effective and quick-acting: prior to commencing treatment, I would drink 2 bottles of wine each and every evening without fail.  Naltrexone helped me break this habit very quickly - it starts working from the very first tablet you take.After 4 weeks of Naltrexone therapy, I could pass 6-7 days without touching a single drop of alcohol.  This medication has helped me rebuild my life.  The side effects from Naltrexone are minor: tiredness and anxiety and sometimes heart palpitations.For best results, take the Naltrexone around 4 or 5pm - this is a few hours before the usual time I would start drinking alcohol.
I 've been on Aviane for about 8 months and its the only birth control I 've ever taken. Overall, it has been a positive experience. I had break-through bleeding the first month I was on it but it stopped after that. I did not experience any weight-gain or change in the length of my period, cramps, etc. I do get more acne on my face during my period now than I did before, though and mood swings during week 3 can be extreme: crying for no reason, feeling anxious/overwhelmed, getting unreasonably angry and upset. After experiencing this several months in a row, I 'm now often able to take a step back and say to myself, &quot;Okay, it 's week 3, this is the pill not you,&quot; but its something potential users should be prepared for.
Worked great for motion sickness on our cruise, but day 1 of using it I felt very confused and drugged.  Experienced extreme dry mouth, and now 5 days after discontinuing the patch I still feel some measure of dry mouth, although not as extreme as when using the patch.  I still feel some measure of disorientation as well, but that seems to be getting better each day.  My stomach seems to be not quite normal as well.  Probably will explore other methods of motion sickness prevention in the future.  Side effects were just too strong for me.
Ok 1st on day 3 the side effects hit me hard from the tiredness,headaches,room spinning,nausea,and dizziness. I never experienced anything like this before from taking any type of medicine ever. I 'm on day 4 now and I feel fine but hopefully tonight I won 't have another awful night like last night. If I ever get another Bacterial Infection I 'll just pay for the gel stuff. This med is the devil itself it clearing my infection but the side effects are awful. Glad I only have 3 more days.
Suffered from angina on excersion. Have had now 6 cath, 7 stents and a bypass. Started on 500 mg twice a day. I was increased to 1000 mg twice a day, by the 4th day I was so sick. Dizzy, confused, high blood pressure ended up in the hospital.  Went back on 500 because I thought it was the ranexa. After another check up my doctor told me he was sure it wasn 't the 1000 mg dose so I increased it , four days in and wham felt horrible. Went back to 500 and felt alright and didn 't need my nitro. But then I got blocked up and had my seventh stent. No angina now and I came of the ranexa.
Just started this at 300MG a day 2 days ago and I literally feel a big and positive difference in my anxiety. I have PTSD from a violent event and have had pretty severe panic attacks for the past 3 years. I haven 't been on any anti-depressants before but drink wine every night to relax and sometimes feel very agoraphobic. I know it 's only day 2, but I just feel lighter, whenever I think of things that normally trigger me the thought comes and then just fades away. Honestly, I 've never been a big believer in medication for mental issues but am really rethinking it now. Also vivid dreams, but they were good. Decreased appetite, a little more energy. Good luck everyone!
Male age 65. Starting weight 255 lbs. Now 211 lbs. Before taking Qsymia I was and continue to take other drugs including1) BP Lowering2) Cholesterol Lowering Statin3) Paxil for Anxiety Before taking Qsymia I was and continue to eat Jenny Craig which ships their food to my door.I have lost weight before but always returned to the weight prior.I have been on Qsymia about a year and a half. This drug definitely works!  Although my doctor urges me to exercise, I do not.For the first few months I experienced dry mouth but that has gone away. I did get down to 200 lbs but have been slowly increasing. I think the effect of the drug might have worn away a bit as I still like a high calorie snack at night.After $75 rebate cost is $131/mo
I 've been on Abilify for about two months. So far I 've found it to be weight neutral. At first I felt faint a lot but much less now. I also had tremors at first and difficulty speaking with a lot of tiredness but all that has passed. In all it helps my psychotic symptoms and delusions, not 100% but its good enough. I would recommend it to anyone its prescribed.
Just started Pristiq yesterday. I 'm taking it to replace Cymbalta which I gained 10-15 lbs on in two months. 60 mg of Cymbalta was awesome for my anxiety but the weight gain was antagonizing my depression. I also take 200 mg of Wellbutrin SR and have taken that for a long time. I 've been a little jittery since starting the Pristiq and spent some time in the bathroom last night. I 'm coming off Cymbalta slowly over the next week so right now it 's hard to judge how the Pristiq will work. I take Xanax as needed and took some today as I was feeling tense. I attribute this to the adjustments I 'm making. Glad I picked Labor day weekend to make the switch. I 'll keep you posted on how it goes.
I have had Mirena twice. The first time was after my 2nd child. During the insertion I had 2 small cramps that did not last long. When it was all done I had no cramping and no bleeding for a year. I had it removed because I was going to try and be a surrogate for my aunt. Sadly it didn 't happen. But I was blessed with my very own baby boy later on. I had Mirena inserted again after my son 's birth. This time I had a little more cramping during the procedure. Afterwards I bled heavy for 10 days with mild cramping. I had a week of nothing than another 10 days of random bleeding. Now it 's been about 3 months since the procedure and I have not had any bleeding but I do get lots of cramps and I am having a hard time losing weight.
I have been taking this pill for 9 days. So far I haven 't noticed anything too extreme, which is good. I have noticed that I 'm feeling bloated more than anything. I have gained a few pounds earlier in my cycle than I usually do, but I 'm not above my normal range before I started taking the pill. I 'm hoping that I don 't continue to gain any weight. I track my diet, so if I gain more weight than the usual monthly water weight, I 'll be very surprised. I 've noticed moodiness a bit, but nothing I can 't control. I get more upset and irritated with smaller things than usual, but I hear that goes away eventually. My skin hasn 't broken out at all, really. My breasts feel a tad bit tender and swollen, but nothing painful as of yet.
I only rated this a 7 out of 10 because the medicine definitely helped my anxiety and mood disorders tremendously, but I gained 20 lbs in 6 months! I haven 't really changed my lifestyle or eating habits, so this makes it depressing. It is like a double-edged sword. I went to the doctor today and she suggested switching to over to Prozac, however, I have read that many people also gain weight from that so I am hesitant to take it. I stopped taking the Lexapro 4 days ago and am going to wait to see if I can handle no medicines at all!
Had been taking 10mg Percocet for a long time and these work just as well if not better without the side effects.
My husband was given a dose at the emergency room and it was the only thing that helped him.
I started on Celexa in May 2011 after already trying Zoloft, Lexapro, Prozac and Xanax. It worked great for the panic attacks and anxiety but I gained 40 lbs in less than a year. I never craved sweets before I started Celexa. Now I can 't get enough and I am always hungry. I struggled with staying on it because it worked so well or continuing gaining weight. I finally decided to try something else. My Dr. suggested Buspar since it is not known to cause weight gain. I just started Buspar today. Hope it helps. I had bad side effects from Zoloft and Prozac, but Lexapro and Celexa were great. Its different for everyone so don 't get freaked out by other peoples comments. 
This is my first experience with any sort of medication like this. I 've been diagnosed with Late onset PTSD.  My medical support team and I are still finding a correct dosage, I 'm on 225/day now along with Ativan as needed and trazodone  to help me fall asleep.  I 've seen some improvement in my functioning, but I 'm not quite where I need to be yet
Been on Biaxin earlier in the year for a sinus infection, worked like a charm then, and the side effects were slight. (Just the metallic taste.)  Got prescribed it for bronchitis a couple of days ago and I 've got the worst nausea, can 't even look at or smell food.
I have been taking 100mg in the mornings 3 x 25mg in the day and 200mg before bed for bipolar disorder. I have tried numbers off different sleep aids and medicines, however this has proved effective for me. I have a good 8 hrs sleep, wake up fine. It does make me crave sweets, cookies, coca cola but I try to fight the hunger and run on my cross trainer on side effect. I have had restless legs syndrome, very annoying but it does pass. At first I felt sluggish my body felt heavy to carry so I dropped my dose to 100 mg in the day and this works much better for me I suffered with anxiety and panic and couldn 't leave my home but now with the help off quetiapine I 'm so much more relaxed, don 't feel anxious if I do I take 25mg and within an hour I 'm relaxed.
Great medicine, I feel so energetic and I 'm losing weight woohoo!
I 've tried Concerta alone, Strattera alone, Strattera with Wellbutrin, and am now taking Concerta 36 and Strattera 40 together.  They have different effects, and I don 't want to be without either one.  Concerta works great for staying on target when I 'm at work.  Strattera works great at lowering irritation and provokability.  Much slower to anger with the Strattera, able to brush off insults, has helped with marital problems.  Strattera also makes me interested in my daughter and wife, improves my patience in reading a book, and reduces my urge for internet browsing.  I had the often reported sexual side effects (leaking semen, painful ejaculation) at the 60 dose, so reduced to 40.
I read the directions wrong for flagyl, I took two 250mg a day instead of four a day . So now I would be taking the pills for about 10 -11 days if I start to take them 4 a day now like I was suppose to. But  I am not sure if it is that safe to take them for that long if I continue to take them  now at 4 a day But I do have a big event this weekend and alcohol is involved , and everyone will ask why I 'm not drinking because I am the partier and drinker. Not sure what to do
I wish I never got this. 3 months after insertion I began to get extreme abdominal pain once a month due to new ovarian cysts. Now, 8 months after starting and 1 month after removal, I might need surgery due to an 8cm cyst on my ovaries. Doesn 't mean that it 'll happen to you but be aware that the risk is there! I thought it would never happen and that it was unlikely but here I am today.
Couldn 't sleep due to horrid cough and respiratory infection.  Doctor prescribed Z PAC and this cough syrup.  About 1/2 after taking it cough stopped for the first time.  It did not put me to sleep.  But it did help the cough.
So far it seems to be correcting the toenail fungus. My foot doctor had a special insurance card for use only at Walgreens, which gets this medication (in the 4ml size) at no cost for a total of 10 bottles. Time will tell if it is completely clearing up or not. Only drawback is cost if your insurance does not cover it. Best way to apply, at least for me, is simply shake the bottle, brush side down, then rub across each toe nail as needed. I also use it before bedtime.
I 've been taking 300 mg three times a day for the pain resulting from a failed ulnar nerve transposition.  It helps a lot with my pain.
This is my second day on Vyvanse. I am very excited to try this drug in hopes that this one will work. I have been on Metadate and Strattera both didn 't seem to help me at all. The first day I took this I did well at work. I am a server and usually mess up something but no mess-ups that day! Afterwards I cleaned my room, which I have been meaning to do forever, and I saw a movie. I did not talk once. My friends were amazed, as was I. I usually ruin movies by talking over them. I have a good feeling about Vyvanse but I will need more time to really tell if it 's right for me. I did have a few outbursts though and afterwards felt silly. I 'm not sure if this is a side effect of the drug.
For all you &quot;horrible cramps, worst pain ever, bad drug&quot; people. You had a blocked Bowel. The directions warn using it with that, yet the only way I 've ever known I had a blocked bowel was when I was writhing in agony. So unless you have your own X-ray at home, I 'm not sure how one would know. Anyways, it 's not the laxative to blame, it 's your condition. Remember why you took it? People always confuse causality. &quot;I took X, then this happened. X is bad and at fault.&quot; It 's more likely you would have gone through the same experience at a later time, and the laxative just brought it on sooner. I 'm pretty sure stimulant laxatives increase the pain and severity of cramps, which is why it 's warned for. Yet a blocked bowel is hell. Been there.
Nausea, excessive yawning and some headspins for the first week or so, but after that, clear sailing! Best I 've felt in years.
I had seen everywhere that spotting was the worst symptom of this. Once I got the nexplanon my period stopped immediately with no spotting whatsoever! Yay! On the downside, I was a little emotional for about two weeks. Once that wore off, I became extremely exhausted and hungry all the time. The symptoms have eased up within about two months. I still get pms-like symptoms but no actual period. Overall I adore this birth control method! No babies and no having to remember to take a pill!
I 'm a 27 year old female and I 've benn taking Saxenda for two months now. At the beginning the weight loss was rapid, but there were severe side effects. Mainly nausea and constipation, but also dry mouth and tiredness. Now it 's all gone though. You should know- it 's not a wonder drug. True- I 've lost 24 lbs (11kg) in 2 months, but I really pay attention to what I eat and go to the gym 3 times a week. You still need to do the work. What Saxenda does: now your work will finally have results. Which makes it much easier to keep going. By the way I 'm only using the 1.8 because my doctor told me to try to avoid using 3 dosage until I really need it. When you reach the &quot;plateau phase&quot; and stop losing weight that 's the time to increase the dosage
I just got this inserted yesterday. When I move my arm a certain way I feel a pinch where it was inserted every woman is different so I 'll ignore all the reviews and see how my body will react to it. I 'll give it 4 months or so if I don 't like then I 'll get it removed plain and simple most contraceptives have side effect so I do expect those. Thats what we have to deal with of we don 't want to conceive either that or risk with condoms which also have the possibility of slipping  off etc.....
I have been on celexa for two days now and have had almost no side effects what so ever . I was super hesitant about taking it as both the reviews I read and the doctor who gave it to me told me it would cause bad anxiety for the first week. I was pleasantly surprised when I took my first 20mg dose, as it helped my anxiety almost immediately . I have a bit of nausea and fatigue , along with a bit of dizziness but nothing serious . This is the first time I have gone a day without anxiety in three years, and I know it 's not a placebo effect since I initially believed the medication would do the opposite . My sister suffers from depression and after seeing my reaction to the medication is considering seeing a doctor to try it out .
The VA gives me this pill and I no longer beat up my wife, who I love very much. My bad dreams are gone, I sleep good and my wife does not have black eyes from my dreams. Thank You So Much.
I was on the Depo Shot for 3 years and wanted to try something new. I was on my period when the Nexplanon was inserted. About 30 minutes after insertion, my period stopped. I 've been on it for a year and still haven 't had a period yet. It does excellent at preventing pregnancy. I 've gained just 3 pounds and my weight has seemed to level out. On Depo, I was gaining 3 pounds each couple of months. My hair is very curly and thick but the hair loss is kinda freaky when showering. I 'll comb it and globs of it are on the brush. Besides that, I have no other issues. Every body is different. I 'm glad I chose this to protect me during college.
I took Yasmin in my 20 's and remembered that I had a decent experience on it, so when my GYN suggested birth control pills to help manage my peri menopause symptoms (aggressive mood swings, debilitating menstrual cramps, periods lasting 10 days and coming every 2 weeks, heavy clotting), I asked for the formula again (generic this time). I 've been on it for 3 cycles and my experience is similar to what it was 15 yrs ago. Mood evened out almost immediately. Periods only once a month! Bleeding very light and lasts 3 or 4 days. Good side effects? Lost about 8 lbs, breasts fuller. Not-so-good side effects? Ovarian/uterine cramping and sore breasts during last week of active pills (I take a lot of Advil). Skin not better, but not worse either.
I started out with 10mg, but the side effects were too much! My doc then put me on 5mg, which did nothing at all, then bumped me to 7.5. I am starting back on the 10mg this week because 7.5mg is alright but not really working as well as the 10mg did. Now, although the side effects were horrible, the pain relief was great! I am having insurance issues, so unfortunately for the next couple days, until I can go pick it up, I have to use just my Oxycodone 2xdaily as needed for break through pain, and my muscle relaxant. I realized just in one day how much the 7.5 worked more than I realized when my shoulder and neck started throbbing. It is obvious that although it was not as good as the 10 's were for pain relief, it worked more than I realized!
I have been on the shot for two years now, and overall it 's been great. I couldn 't remember to take a pill everyday, so my doctor suggested the Depo Shot. When I first got the shot I bled for almost two months straight. After that, nothing. Besides some spotting when I 'm up for my next shot. However, I have noticed I 've lost some of my hair, my depression worsened and I experience major mood swings from time to time; I didn 't gain any weight. My doctor just notified me of the risk of osteoporosis and suggested taking 1000 MG of Calcium and 400-800 MG of Vitamin D per day. This is suggested after receiving the shot for 2+ years. Either way, I wish I knew this sooner. I would have been taking those vitamins since day one.
I was first on implanon for 3 years until it was recalled and I had the nexplanon inserted in 2016.  I bled a lot with the implanon, at first the nexplanon was great, I never had a period.  Now I am constantly spotting.  If I don 't drink a lot of water, my body thinks I 'm dehydrated, and my blood will be red, but when I drink lots of water, its brown and clears up within a few hours.  I have had constant nausea where I thought I was pregnant.  It 's also like I haven 't eaten, and makes the nausea go away afterwards.  But comes back in a few hours.  It is very effective for birth control.  My husband and I, do not use condoms, so I know it is very effective! We are planning to get pregnant next year, and I cannot wait to get this out.
I started Nortriptyline about 2 months ago.  Doc started me on 10 mg/day and asked me to increase to 50 mg/day.  Started taking it at night but was over-sleeping so started taking it in the morning.  Missed one dose by 12 hours and immediately got a migraine that lasted for 4 days.  However, after 2 months, the medicine doesn 't seem to be working.  I 've started getting weekly migraines again that last 4-5 days.  Have emailed my doc for help because I can 't afford all the time off work and being a neglectful parent!  I had dry mouth in the beginning but that has gone away.  I used to have an uncontrollable bladder but the medication has cured that (thank goodness).  Haven 't noticed weight gain.
I 've been struggling with Nighttime Eating Syndrome for years now. NES is a Eating disorder that causes u to binge in the middle of the night. This disorder is not only bad bcuz you consume most to all of your calories while everyone 's asleep, you also gain more weight when you eat at night, and you wake up in the morning feeling unrested and guilty. I 've been on this medication already and stopped taking it because of the trouble sleeping. It 's a catch 22 because my binging happens at night. Taking the meds at night keeps me up. I do love the energy and lack of wanting to stuff my face with food at night. I 'm gonna hang in there and see if I can take my dose slightly earlier so that I 'm not peaking at 10pm.
I was diagnosed with Bipolar 2 five years ago and have been on many many medicines. I always took atypical antipsychotics, but never a true mood stabilizer. My new doctor put me on Depakote because I was getting neurological shaking symptoms from the atypical antipsychotic so she started me on Depakote and I have to say I love it. I 'm up to 1000mg a day now, and as she lowers my atypical, she might have to increase the Depakote to 1500 mgs. No weight gain, in fact, I had weight loss. I was really hungry in the beginning and I might have gained a pound, but that went away and my appetite changed, vivid dreams (sometimes), but I can deal. I love this, I 'm in such a better mood now.
The positive and most rewarding thing about Chantix is that it actually works.  I have been smoking for the past 9 years and finally, with the help of Chantix was able to quit almost effortlessly.  By the second week on Chantix, I was able to just quit, just like that.  Today, I do not take them as prescribed (one in the morning and one at night) because I started to go a little batty.  I was driving myself and my poor husband crazy.  Psychotic almost!  Everything ticked me off.  I did not get sick (I ate a meal before each dose) or have crazy dreams which I looked forward to.  But I almost admitted myself into a psych hospital and my husband almost left me.  Nonetheless, 45 smoke free days later I can honestly say that the pills worked.
So I 'm 16, a teenager with acne, as usual. I used this product from my dermatologist and I have to say I love it! I didn 't get any peeling or redness or pain at all. I really noticed a difference after the first day. It smoothed my skin and took away some scars. I love this product and would definitely recommend it for other teenagers like me dealing with acne.
I am on my second Mirena and I have never truly had any problems with it. I got it in 2009 to prevent pregnancy and it didn 't hurt that bad since I had just had a baby. The only side effects I had was occasional bloating and cramping. It is as though I have period-like symptoms with no period. Sometimes I will bleed old, brown blood, but it 's just spotting. In 2013, I had an ectopic pregnancy. I had to have surgery and had it taken out. I can 't take pills, won 't take depo, can 't do the ring, and prefer to not have the patch. So, I got another Mirena. It hurt to get it put back in. People were surprised since I had an ectopic pregnancy with the first one. I have had it for 6 months and weight gain has been an issue. But no period is great.
This has been my very first birth control pill. I have taken it for almost an entire month and so far everything is good. What I 've noticed so far is that I 'm more moody/emotional, I feel hungrier than usual, my period is lighter but my cramps are still there and they 've been there everyday. They used to end around the 2nd day but I 'm on the 4th day and I still have cramps. I can manage cramps and a little moodiness tho, so no biggie. No weight gain so far but I work out 3-5 times a week and drink lots of water. No acne but I use Proactiv because I used to get bad breakouts. My doctor said I 'd be protected after the first 7 days so I have had sex with a condom but it was after 2 weeks. I 'm pretty satisfied so far. Plan to stick with it.
I use Seroquel XR in addition to Tegretol XR and Geodon. It is sort of the adjunct to these primary medications. But it does it 's job at keeping me stable when the base medication mix falls short.
I have fibromalgya too - its been helpful as a painkiller!
Helps a good deal with pain related to cancer. But it makes my so sleepy. Other than that and loss of appetite not many side effects.
I have been on anti-depressants for 6 years now after a car accident.  This is the third time my medication has been changed because they stopped working.  I take wellbutrin in the morning and cymbalta at night.  The only side effects I have had is increased sweating.  I sleep much better at night, used to just about fall asleep on my way to work - now I am much more awake, much calmer and loving it.  Hopefully this will keep working because I get to the point where I can 't stand myself.
I am a 32 year old woman and I have been with my same partner for 3 years.  I had stopped taking my pill because I hated pumping so many hormones into my body. Yesterday I went in for the paragard iud but unfortunately, my uterus is too small and it didn 't fit right.  Ladies - do NOT psych yourself out by reading all the horror stories of insertion. I made the mistake of doing this and I was so pleasantly surprised how I experienced no pain whatsoever. If anything it just feels like you are getting a pap. Anywho, because the paragard didn 't fit with my lady parts, my dr recommended we try skyla. The insertion again was so fast and painless and although I did not want hormones, this will protect me from pregnancy more so than the paragard.
Azor is a powerful high blood pressure medicine. Unless you are in otherwise good health, do not abuse. As with all HBP medicines, take before bedtime and do not mix with alcohol or sleep aids. Good luck.
I was experiencing horrible panic attacks about 2 weeks ago. It lasted days. Extremely fast heart beat, not being able to breathe, literally I thought I was going to die. I went to the hospital twice and they checked me out but said I was ok,  I went to my doctor the day after the second hospital trip and he put me on 100mg of Zoloft and 1 mg of Ativan, I 've been on Zoloft maybe a week and it has worked good on stopping my symptoms and panics but its not at 100 percent as I still feel pretty uneasy but in time I feel it will continue to benefit me, I know you have to give it more time to fully work. My side effects are bad nausea, restlessness, and cloudy head which has went away pretty much.
I am a frequent flyer when it comes to bladder stones and kidney stones. I am a female. This last time I went in because it wasn 't moving. Cat scan revealed a 11 mm stone.  They went in with a scope and laser to blast it but as soon as they tried to open up my ureter with the balloon they realized too late it was as full of strictures and one split open.  So they quickly inserted a J stent, left the stone there and pulled out.  Now I am 4 weeks out waiting for my ureter to heal before my urologist decides what it needs  to be done.  During this time I have been on flomax and it has helped with the flow of my urine and helps the pain. I am hoping that somehow the large stone has broken up and &quot;left the building&quot; lol   side effects minimal.
Other than the expense, this medication is outstanding.  No headaches or nausea for me.  It is the first medication to not only soften and move stool effectively, but it seems to target that awful gas pocket that causes so much agony normally.  I have a twist at the splenic flexure that is so tight, the gastroenterologist could not get the scope through, despite tripling the medications.  So this medicine is a miracle.  Without it, only surgery could get me this comfortable.  Wish I could afford to take it twice a day.  I only do that occasionally.  Still have to use Miralax since I can 't afford to take Amitiza twice a day.  
The first month was the worst. I had a lot if mood swings and very tender breasts. After that the side effects have been very minimal. I no longer have my period, but around the time I used to get my period every month I get light cramps. I also get very tender breasts during this time but they have gotten bigger since taking the birth control. The only major complaint I have is that I 've had a major decrease in sex drive as well as being very tired in the morning. I switched to this birth control because I got very sick every morning. I like this one much better.
I typically don 't post, but I thought I should share.. if you have cramps on your normal menstrual cycle, the cramps only get worse. Much worse. I have a decently high pain tolerance, and have been a whim for 2 days now. I have only had Paragard for 1 month, and they say it gets better over time, so I am hoping that it really does get better, but those are the only symptoms I 've had other than spotting during the month. Workouts haven 't been suffering nor had my weight changed much at all. I do bloat from time to time though. Hope this helps.
I 've been on the Climara Pro patch for two weeks now and already notice a marked decrease in hot flashes and mood swings.  The night sweats and sleeplessness continue but I 'm hoping that, too, will soon improve.  My only and biggest complaint with this product is the next to impossible to remove plastic backing!  It simply refuses to come off easily!  Every time I 've had to change the patch has been a battle.  I end up with a patch that is torn on the edges, has holes in the middle, and I 'm supposed to be able to stick it to my skin in that condition.  And it 's not like I can just toss it out and start over with another patch.  Not at those prices!!  There has to be a better way.
I 've been taking Trintellix for over 6 months now and it 's helped me a lot! Taking it along with my anxiety medication and birth control has completely gotten rid of my suicidal thoughts and now my panic attack are extremely rare, and only when I am about to/am on my period. My only problem is that it hasn 't done as well as psychiatrist has hoped, I still have some of the daze and haziness that prevents me from being able to do anything. Which isn 't a very great point if you 're on 20mg and your insurance will barely pay for it since it 's new, leaving you with about 340$!!!! I still think it 's done well by getting me stable and calm but still not really good enough for me, at least right now.
Started off 20 mg for the first two months not on 40 mg, still having break outs but acne has been less cystic. Side effects so far are dry lips, hair loss, dry scabby skin on top of hands, and some mild mood swings. I still work out 5 days a week and have not lost my energy. I rated the medication at an 8 cause it is working but not fully, I am just being patient but I can see results occurring. I used pure coconut oil on my face and I love it. I usually reapply twice a day because my skin soaks it up for being drier than usual and aquaphor for lips/hands.
I took 3mg my first night. I was so groggy, I don 't remember anything from about two hours before bed and I had the WORST TIME waking up this AM. I was so groggy and cranky and again can barely remember anything until I started finally getting up and around. This is super strong, I took 3mg, but for someone who goes days without sleeping, I 'll take these side effects over no sleep any day. I am taking the generic. At least give it a try. I have to for insurance purposes and I 'm pretty glad I did. My doctor says the grogginess will fade after a while.
Pill is soft and easily broken in half. I do better taking half in the morning and half in the evening otherwise I get a dry mouth.
I feel really good using this medicine for bipolar and depression.
Hands - down THE most effective pain relief I 've ever had!! I 've been wearing 25mcg for 2 months now. 1st month, I wore Actavis clear gel-filled. This month I 'm wearing Apotex band-aid type patch. I 'm not certain which I prefer. Gel-filled was great, but I was always paranoid with it buckling. On the down-side, my lips are raw due to my mouth being so dry. I also itch like crazy!! The fact that the pain relief is so phenomenal, I don 't see me changing meds. I take no breakthrough meds except occasional Advil. Pills were a problem for me as I would always take too much. Another reason that the Fentanyl patch is a God send!
Woke on a Monday, with a cough &amp; shortness of breath. Got worse through the week. Went to a Urgent Care &amp; after being tested for the Flu, they agreed with me that I had Pneumonia. 3rd time I have had it in 15 years (I 'm lucky like that). They gave me a shot &amp; put me on 250 mg for 5 days. On day 4 still out of work, with coughing &amp; shortness of breath. Meds, tore up my stomach &amp; caused pain towards the right side. Eat some yogurt before taking, helps some. Either I  worse then I thought or it 's taken this med longer then I expected to get me back on my feet. Also caused caused some headaches. Good luck to others taking &amp; hope it helps you to feel better.
I 've tried several of the common ADD medications, and Concerta works the best for me. I was on it for two years a few years ago. When I am on this, I produce better work in school and in my job. When I am not on it, my mind has significant difficulty compartmentalizing information, storing it and accessing it when I need it. Often I wouldn 't even hear what was being said. This creates major anxiety when I can 't think clear enough to get more challenging tasks done. What Concerta also does is makes me hyper- focus on small things like constructing a simple email to send to one person - it 'll take me 15 minutes to write the 30 second email because I 'm overly focused on my every word.
I started this pill about a little over a year ago. This pill has done what I needed it to do: reduced my pain and regulated my period. I cannot say this pill is for everyone, we all have different compositions, but I will say it worked for me and share the experiences I had with this medication. Note: this is an ideal pill if you cannot do too high dosage or too low of a dosage for your birth controlI did not lose any of my libido within the period of transition from my previous pill, and on, and I did not gain any noticeable weight on this medication. I will say that I had a couple painful periods after finally having sex, but I think that was more due to my body adjusting than anything else. I did get some acne, but it was mild.
I did very well on Abilify lost 114 pounds but I was allergic to it for a year had rashes and moods swings on it so they took me off it yesterday.
First few days some nausea. Lighter period and cramps were not as bad and I was not as moody the days before my period.  I have now been on it a month and a half and been having spotting and cramps for the past three days.
I suffer from panic disorder and generalized anxiety disorder and ocd.I take 1mg twice daily and am on 40mg of prozac.My disorders are quite severe and on a bad day im housebound.The lorazapem does work well but i do get bad withdrawal in the morning which involves being very anxious for bout an hour or so till my meds kick in which im going to try some different courses of action to try and counter this.Im 36 yrs old and a solo dad so getting well for my son is a big priority for me! My heart goes out to all the anxiery sufferers out there and i suppose we can all hope that we can get the right balance of meds that helps us without to many side effects and be as well as possible! So overall review of this drug is 7/10 good luck!
I 've been taking letrozole(Femara) 9 months, after a right side mastectomy for stage IIA breast cancer.  I 'm ER &amp; PR positive.  No radiation or chemo.  I 'm 58 &amp; this is the only drug I take, besides vitamins.  The first 6 weeks I had trouble sleeping, occasional dizziness, some joint pain, &amp; mild headaches.  Around 4 months in, I started losing hair.  I 'd guess approximately 25% of my hair has fallen out.  Besides the hair loss, I have dry eyes, genitals, &amp; skin.  There 's some stiffness &amp; joint pain in my hips.  These side effects are tolerable, especially, knowing that the drug is preventing a cancer recurrence.  None of these side effects are enough for me to stop taking letrozole!
This medication helped to clear up my acne within the first couple of weeks of use.  However, I think my body developed a resistance to the active ingredient, and some (not all) of the acne returned.  The severity of the acne was much less than before treatment.  One negative side effect I experienced was increased sensitivity and a red rash that extended down my neck.  What ever you do, do not get your eyebrows waxed while using this product.  My skin was ripped off with my eyebrows when I had them waxed.
I started taking SUBOXONE sublingual films without insurance but could only afford to do so for one month because of the ridiculously high price the manufacturer placed on the drug! I then found a Dr. that prescribed multiple forms of buprenorphine/naloxone enabling me to take the generic 8mg/2mg sublingual tablet that is half the price of the brand name strips! Unfortunately with no insurance, even the cheapest of generics still cost me anywhere from $130-$240 a MONTH!! Which is absolutely ridiculous!! Aside from the outrageously high price of the meds, it does work! Taken sometimes twice a day it keeps withdrawals at bay and makes you feel normal again. The drug works but it is entirely too expensive!!
I 'm 14 years old and have been struggling with acne for about 4 years now. I 've tried everything for it but nothing worked, not even Proactive. About a week ago my doctor prescribed EpiDuo Gel and its amazing! It has dramatically cleared my face up to the point where people have actually asked what I use that is so effective. (And I thought that only happened in the cheesey commercials). I only use it at night because it dries my skin out really badly. I apply lots of moisturizer on top of it once it has dried completely. I recommend this product to anyone struggling with acne!
This was my 5th colonoscopy and first with Suprep. Never got as clean before as I did with this one.  It took 5 hours to start working but once it started got clear very quickly.  Licked Italian ice between gulps to help mask the taste.  I did develop some nausea with both the first and second dose. Tried to walk around to get the Prep from my stomach into intestines where it works I was concerned about the hour drive to the surgical center,  but did not need to stop.  If you are doing the prep my advice is to try to relax, the prep will soon be over and the rest is easy!
I was given this stuff when in labor as I had felt nauseated I think they put it right into my IV. I vomited anyway, but suddenly didn 't care much about it. It relaxed me so much that I fell asleep off and on between labor.  Since I also have PTSD along with severe insomnia, I wouldn 't mind trying it for sleep. It can 't be worse than Ambien, where I usually don 't know that I ransacked the kitchen and pillaged everything that I could stuff into my mouth. When I wake up in the morning I find the kitchen in mysterious disorder but have no memory eating anything, or even getting up.At least with Phenergen I wouldn 't have to worry about it.
Started taking Movantik 25 my. Was very skeptical about it after reading reviews. I have been on opiate for 10 yrs. for chronic back pain. I spoke with Dr. and he said I could use zofran and bentyl if needed. Took first dose waiting for the worse. I had bm within 2 hrs. of taking medicine. Normal side effects first day. 3Rd day was rough nausea, cramps and fatigue. Continued side effects lasted about 2 wks. Not unbearable. Started having 2 bm 's a week. So much better then every 14+ days. And then only with major colonoscopy cleansing. I experienced irritability mood swings. Dr. had me stop and switch to Amitiza. That was awful didn 't help made symptoms of OIC return with vengeance went back to Monvantik.
After 5 years on pain pills, 4 years injecting heroin, 2 years clean then a month long relapse, I went on the methadone clinic for 7 years. I never felt right, I 'd feel dopesick by 10 pm (12 hours after 300 mg dose of methadone) I gained 100 pounds, had profuse sweating. The methadone clinic I went to wouldn 't give me take homes due to my other scripts. So NO VACATION, standing in line at the clinic on Christmas morning. It sucked! So I was telling my Dr. Who just so happened to have a Subutex clinic. I went through the horrifying detox but am grateful I did. I feel free from the daily run to get dope or methadone. I have a monthly prescription and it feels like a life time ago that I went through all that. I have my life back.
My moods are better controlled. I feel more emotionally stable and physically calm. My husband has noticed a huge change in my moods and patterns.
It worked fast and I felt better after four days, but my side effects were diahrrea two hours after each dose and itchy skin with a rash. Now 2 weeks after finishing the prescription I have an infection in my mouth and throat -- oral yeast infection or thrush is listed as a side effect.
I am extremely prone to yeast infections particular with any antibiotic use. The medication took 3 days to clear up the infection used in conjunction with Monistat 3; however, the redness, irritation, and extreme itching remained, to the point where I could not sit still. I read on another forum that using a generous amount of zinc oxide cream would help. I was desperate to try anything and it truly did the trick! It provided instant relief and I just had to share this with others who may be experiencing the same symptoms. Forget using those anti-itch creams that come with Monistat! Use the zinc oxide instead and you will save yourself the agony. Be sure that you clean and dry the area first before applying the zinc cream. Works wonders!
For most of my life, I have been on this medication, I don 't remember much of my symptoms from before but basically I will usually feel quite tired and cold, which is the main thing that will probably stick with you if you have hypothyroidism. As for treating my &quot;symptoms,&quot; I would say it does an alright job. The main issue I see a lot of people talking about is weight loss, I am here to confirm that you will probably weigh less and lose a bit of pounds if you are taking the right dosage, since I have taken the medication for quite a long time, I can confirm that I am on the lighter side of the scale, however I am not speaking for all the users of levothyroxin. Speak with your doctor about whether or not, this is the right medication.
Better than Adderall or Vyvanse for side effects.  Works the same but not as long
I am a 25 y/o African american female and I never had to see a dermatologist up until Nov 2016 because my face had turned for the worst after quitting BC! I had huge PAINFUL cystic acne on my jawline and cheeks(hormonal). My first few visits to the derm I was recommended the normal cetaphil, &amp; topical &amp; oral clindamycin. FAIL. I was prescribed Aczone 5% (once a day) in March 2017 &amp; my skin is on its way to being flawless! It DEFINITELY gets worse between weeks 2-5, like additional acne in places I never had it before worse, but it will get better! DON 'T QUIT! I 'm on week 8 now. I may get a tiny pimple or 2 here &amp; there but thats it. I will say that I upped my dose to 2x a day &amp; still use the cetaphil prior. I 'm happy I didn 't have to resort to spiro =)
Works extremely well on the face.  If you have a flare up it takes 2 days to disappear.  That 's the only reason I give it an 8 instead of a 10.
OK so pretty much a few days out of each month I would spot very light, no cramps. For the first 6months. Thr first two months i was kind of heavy but it would subside really quickly. After that some months I wouldn 't even spot at all. The procedure hurt a little. But that was to be expected. Overall I 'm happy with it. Barely any cramps.
The doctor 's office suggested adding lemon juice to cut the flavor but I was afraid to use too much. I added some ice after the first sip. I don 't know how fast you 're supposed to drink it, I went slow because I didn 't want to vomit. Anyway, 25 minutes after first sip it was flowing. Couldn 't think about getting off the toilet absolutely no control. After about 2.5 hours I could venture out and dash back. The morning one I used a lot more lemon juice and ice with the water and it was much more tolerable. Been on the perch for an hour so far. Wonder if I 'll make it to the procedure with soiling myself. I have a super bad headache last night and today and I am freezing.
I current take this medication to stay calm. I have bad anxiety due to some ptsd related issues.  I 've tried em all from Ativan-Xanax, and this medication works well. I currently take a generic brand. The brand is TEVA. I did not like the Mylan brand, for it was chalky and was weak. TEVA is a great generic Valium and it helps very well for people struggling from anxiety disorder. I hope this helps somebody.
I have taken Savella just under 2 years and it has helped my pain and anxiety levels much better than expected.  It has cause some weight gain, hot flashes and swelling but is far better than the alternative.
I have been taking a small dose 100mg to treat my schizoaffective disorder.  I think it helps lower my agitation and helps me to think more clearly.  I don 't think it helps with my paranoia.
I took Plan B about 6 months ago in August and about 3 months ago in November. I am very thankful that it could prevent me from becoming pregnant but ladies, please, do anything you can to avoid having to take this pill. I understand everyone 's side effects are different but with me, they have been a roller coaster ride. After taking it the first time I experienced the usual side effects of bloating, sore breasts, and some mild dizziness. Luckily, I received every expected period. In October I had noticed a lump in my right breast so I went to the doctor and found that it was benign thankfully. So here is why I say avoid Plan B. I 'm 18 years old, I shouldn 't be developing breast lumps at this age.
I tried a generic brand, which was somewhat effective. But, I was still waking up bloated. Then I switched to Phillips Colon Health gel tabs, and have noticed that I 'm not bloated when I wake up, eat or drink. It took approx 2 days to feel and actually see true results. So far, so good! Good luck to all.
I suffered with &quot;nervous stomach&quot; for years and did not know it. I tried everything over the counter and then some Vistaril has dramatically changed my life .
Just upped to 2 x 100mg, taken 1/2 hr before bed gives me about 2 extra hours of sleep. Calms me down and lets me go to sleep when lights are out. Very minor side effects...some dry mouth and a little &quot;larger&quot; in the morning.  I wake up refreshed. It improved my quality of life for sure.
I had cellulititis and the swelling in my foot went down significantly in about two days.
I 'm 20 years old and I 've been on Seroquel for about 1 year now. It really helps. I take it for 2 reasons: insomnia and to help control irritability as a result of having Asperger 's syndrome. The FDA is considering approving Seroquel for use in patients with ASD 's who are at least 10 years old, it is now considered an off-label use. I 've been on other anti-psychotics to control anger (Abilify, Geodon, Risperdal) and they did not help as much as this and some had bad side effects including fainting and seizures, very low blood sugar, feeling depressed, and feeling very restless all the time. I also tried Trazodone for sleep, but it didn 't work. Thank God for my Seroquel!
I am on Lyrica in conjunction with Ultram and Cymbalta, with a little Flexeril thrown in occasionally.  I take 150 mg of Lyrica in the morning and 225 mg at night.  Since I have been on the higher dosages, it has definitely made a difference.  I still have some really bad days of fibromyalgia pain, but those usually precede getting my period.
I take amitriptyline for prevention of migraine with aura. The aura was so bad I couldn 't function, dizziness/vertigo, facial numbness, vomiting, light sensitivity and forgetfulness/memory fog. Although I 'm not back to &quot;normal&quot; I am able to function. I still experience dizziness from time to time and my memory isn 't what it used to be but overall about 85% improvement. I have experienced some weight gain from craving sweets and other junk. Also the first month I was very tired but that stopped. I 'm afraid to try something else because I fear the symptoms returning.
I am a female and have struggled with my weight for over twenty years. I am 5 '4 and weighed 287.3. I started taking Contrave Friday January 8th. At one week I dropped down to 280.6. At two weeks I 'm down to 270.2. I 'm only going to weigh myself once a week, but as of week 2 I 've lost a total of 17.1 pounds. The only side effect I 've experienced is a few head aches. I have to say I have not drank any pop, and I have no cravings for it. I 'm eating three small meals a day even though I have not had much of an appetite. I really hope I continue to have success. I did not exercise the first week, but I 've started walking a little each day.
This medicine was prescribed to me as an add on with Zoloft. It did help my depression and anxiety... unfortunately I went from 118-122 lbs to 167 lbs.... and I didn 't even weigh myself at my heaviest. I thought my thyroid was crapping out on me so I got that tested and it came back fine and then my Dr. was like.... one of the side effects of Abilify is weight gain. One of my friends who took it also gained a lot of weight as well... not to say if affects everyone this way but if you started taking it and are gaining weight like crazy with no end in site please talk to your doctor.
This medication is hard for me to rate. I give it a 7 because it really helped stabilize my moods, and I 'm really OCD but it made me stop worrying about filth and that people were going to kill me. I was never depressed on it, and it helped me sleep really well every night. At first, it was my miracle drug. However, after about 6 weeks, I started losing pleasure in everything. I had to drop out of school because I couldn 't concentrate anymore (I couldn 't read like I loved to anymore either), and I had to take a break from my job because I tutor math and certainly couldn 't process information. I couldn 't play video games and hardly joked around. I wasn 't depressed...I was just a zombie. A lower dosage of this medicine may have worked.
Although I 'm from a family with no heart disease, or very little, I was astonished to have two heart attacks - they are from the inflammation caused by Sjogren 's Syndrome. Effient has been great and keeps me from having another heart attack, but the bleeding even from a pinhole cut can be extreme - the other day I bled for 12 hours. The blood was trying to coagulate but stayed jelly-like rather than clotting completely. I 'm covered with bruises most of the time but I 'm used to that. Just glad to be alive and be able to take these meds.
Hey ladies, I purchased the Monistat 3 simple cure, where it 's just 3 pre-filled suppositories; no wipes or itch relief cream included. I purchased after 2 days of intense itching and throbbing and I just used Day 1 about 10 minutes ago. I currently do not feel any pain nor itching and I am extremely sensitive to any body washes or laundry detergents. I 'll give an update tomorrow on if I made it through the night, I 'm not going to lie the reviews had me completely terrified but I couldn 't take the itching or throbbing anymore so I decided to try it out. Wish me luck, so far I feel fine
I 've been using Ocella for a few months. I don 't use condoms and I 've had zero scares so far. I have hormonal acne and it 's getting better slowly. My periods are amazing now. I have no cramps whatsoever. My moods are great. Not on birth control I am a crazy monster. My cramps are unbearable for days. I have not had much weight gain and my cravings are less than normal. So far I like this.
Frova does a wonderful job of relieving my migraine headaches after 20-30 minutes however I always get one or two rebound headaches.  Almost exactly 24 hours and then 48 hours after my original headache, my migraine returns and I have to take another pill.  Unfortunately my insurance will only pay for 6 tablets a month.  Luckily I usually only get 2 menstrual migraines a month but it takes all 6 pills to get rid of them.
Age 59 Male. After having allergy asthma probably or decades a wet Spring after ugly winter and removing moldy insulation and ended me up at doctors. Started on 100/50.   It helped but not enough. Ended up getting 250/50 and have been on since (4 years). It didn 't stop the fairly constant post nasal drip which was almost constant at night. Got Singular for that and have taken ever since (4 years).   I 'm fine and dandy ever since and can do heavy workouts etc.  Problems:   Leg cramps, foot cramps hand cramps.   I 've always had a few but they can get ugly taking, I find drinking water, taking daily multivitamins and Magnesium keeps them at bay. Dry, sensitive mouth= no more medium or hot salsa etc.  Watch your teeth.
Went on Methergine after being in the hospital and several years of changing preventive medicines, with migraines only getting worse and clustering longer. Once on the dose (had to go up 1 pill a day each week) had the best 2 months of my life. Month off - back to horrible. Back on - good month. Then this month have had a 10 day cluster. Doctor says change of weather (to winter), and other issues may be the cause. Not to give up.
I 've been on NuvaRing for 4 months and so far it 's been decent. I 've been on roughly 8 different types of pill form contraceptives and had a variety of side effects from most of them, so my doctor finally suggested NuvaRing. I did have some side effects (mild bloating, headaches, irregular period, acne) however, most have subsided or become tolerable. Most of the side effects I 've experienced are typical for me, especially for the first few months after switching to a new brand. Overall it 's great and convenient, stays in place and makes life easier.
30mg was good, but 40mg took my pain away, it was heaven. Except that 40mg made me so tired and drowsy that all I did was sleep. Couldn 't function so that 's not acceptable. I would go to bed at 7pm and wake up at 4pm the next day! So I 'm going back to 30mg with breakthrough meds. But here is the thing I can 't figure out...I take up to 10-15mg hydrocodone for breakthrough pain ON TOP of my Hysingla ER 30 but that doesn 't make me sleepy, it actually kind of keeps me up at night. How bizarre is that? It 's the same dosage but reacts completely different. That annoys me because the 40 worked perfectly!!! Except for the severe drowsiness.How can Hysingla ER 40mg be so much more sedating than Hysingla ER 30mg w/10-15mg hydrocodone on top???
Had horrible back pain, along with other opiates this product works wonderfully.
So far so good. It 's only been a month but I 've felt pretty normal since I started. I 've actually lost a couple of pounds without changing anything in my diet or exercise routine. Hoping for that breast increase that everyone is talking about. Only negative comment is maybe a little more emotional than I was the past five years with the Mirena, but the IUD killed my sex drive and I feel being slightly sensitive at times is a fair trade for getting that sex drive back. Overall pleased!
I have trigeminal neuralgia with debilitating shock pain running from my upper gum/lip line up across my face into my eye socket. Carbamazepine was prescribed. After increasing the dosage incrementally, 800 mg a day (500 in the a.m. and 300 in the p.m.) it  controls most of my pain. I still have touch sensitivity issues if I run my tongue over my lip too hard it sets off shocks. One thing you need to note: you may have to play around with the dosage and time of day you take it to control your pain. The first suggestion by my neurologist (100mg three times a day) didn 't even touch the pain. It was only after I kept insisting that it wasn 't working, he turned me loose to trial and error, on my own with an upper limit of 1000mg per day.
I was disgnosed with PCOS 2 years ago and was prescribed metformin. When I first began taking it I felt very off, like I was in a fog. I suspect this was my body adjusting to a lower blood sugar level (pre-diabetic). This began wearing off after a couple weeks and I felt better than I ever have. It really helped. My dosage is 1000 mg 2x daily. I have now lost over 100 pounds over the past 2 years, though I can 't say if the metformin contributed to weight loss, as I did a drastic lifestyle change; but I suspect that it has. Now that I am healthier, though, I am starting to get that same foggy feeling as I had in the beginning. I think the dosage is too high now that I am overcoming PCOS through a healthy lifestyle. Just keep that in mind :).
I chose this as a first attempt to lessen or eliminate my periods all together. So far I 've had it for about 2 months and only had spotting and slight cramping. I 'd love for it to go away completely but it 's made my time of the month way more tolerable - especially considering that I used to be nearly paralyzed by cramps alone. As far as weight loss/gain, I haven 't noticed much of a difference, but I do workout quite regularly.When I first had it inserted, for about two weeks I was so irritable. I 'd walk around so mad for no reason quite a bit. However that seems to have subsided since my body has grown used to the progesterone. It 's great because I don 't have to take a pill or change a patch. So far  it 's been a good experience.
I was diagnosed with a bacterial sinus infection and was prescribed this antibiotic, due to being allergic to amoxicillin. The pills are 100 mg each I am to take twice daily. At this time many of my sinus symptoms have dissipated which is an excellent sign that i 'm finally on the mend. I haven 't had any side effects with this, and have taken as directed. Avoiding dairy products, not laying down 30 minutes after ingesting, and making sure to take it with food and a large glass of water.
This is the second type of birth control (both the pill) that I have been on. I was only on the other kind for a month, because it made me crazy and I had awful mood swings. I took a year off from any birth control pill, patch, etc. because I was scared to have a similar situation. This pill has been an overall good experience. I do not have any irregular mood swings on this pill. I have been on it for about 3 months now, and my acne is still worse than before I got on it, not that it 's a big deal. Also, I have had a lot of abnormal spotting on this pill. It seems like, at first, every 2 weeks or so I started my period. It 's pretty light, but I get bad cramps that last for 2-4 days.
This is my 3rd week on this birth control, I have had bad mood swings.. it makes me very very tired and after a few days of being on it I lost my feeling of hunger.. I was 160 now I 'm 145 in just 3 weeks..
After taking Viibryd for almost three months I can say that I feel better, my depression isn 't as bad. It is a little better, but I feel like it could be even better. I don 't know if I should talk to my doctor about it. I take 40 mg a day which I believe is the highest recommended dose. I have chronic pain (and surgery) issues and I am scared of taking a supplementary medication because of side effects. I can say that I have experienced NO side effects. I take mine in the morning and am perfectly able to take it with or without food. Viibryd has definitely helped me, but I think I need some more help.
I got my implanon may 2014 after my third son was born at age 20 other birth controls did not work for me, obviously.. I had light spotting at first then a year in I had this horrible wreck of a period lasted three weeks, very heavy and then another year no period until a month ago wham wrecked all my clothes and undies its a nightmare cramps are very painful.. my boyfriend and I have discussed other pregnancy prevention because this is just not good, ive not been able to work.. I am going to wait another week or two to see if it stops..
Hi everyone I got the nexplanon in August 19, 2014 and I hate it so much am going to get it out August 15,2016 so I can start a family. When I had it I had mood swings and long periods that last months
I took gabapentin after my Dr. prescribed Lipitor after my strokes to help to lower my cholesterol. The Lipitor left me with nerve damage after taking it for a year. The nerve pain in my legs and feet was so severe that I was unable to walk. At first I was taking 300 mg at night. Soon after that it was increased to 100 mg at meal time (just as a reminder) and 300 at night. It helped for the most part but after a year and a half I had gained 8 lbs and couldn 't seem to lose it. The pins and needles came back and I was told to take as much as I needed to to make it work. I increased it to 1000-1200 per day. My appetite also increased and I have gained 20 lbs since I started taking it. I 'm still having breakouts and they are getting worse again
I have been using the Fentanyl patch for a year now.  I started with the smallest dose, and now am using 100 mcg, replacing every 2-3 days.  After 10 years with a chronic headache, I have tried almost everything out there, as well as alternative forms of pain relief (acupuncture, biofeedback, etc.).  I 've come to realize that the best relief, for me, seems to be the strongest pain medicines, like methadone tabs, morphine tabs and fentanyl patches.  Unfortunately, every one of the strongest also causes edema for me.  Not right away, but after months of use.  It 's frustrating.  I 'm not sure what my doctor will do, but I sincerely hope the step-down from 100 mcg, to no longer using the patch won 't be an insane withdrawal experience.
I have been on Effexor for about 2 years and am now coming off it. I have been taking 75mg once per day. I have gained 80 lbs in the years I have been taking it but since I cut back I have lost ten in about a month. My sex drive has gone from almost every night to maybe twice a month (most of the time my mood had mellowed out).
Have been on 3 different antibiotics,  this one included for almost a week now. It 's honestly been brutal. I 've also been using probiotics to try to replenish the good bacteria in the digestive track so this way I don 't end up in the hospital from the combination of this medicine and the amoxicillin. Definitely going to have to try the orange juice because soda doesn 't appear to lessen the gross cotton mouth and metallic taste in my mouth.
The drug has been consistently effective for me at 20mcg. I find the provided injector is much more difficult to use for a low-pain injection than the one provided with  'Caverject '.
I 'm on 0.6mg dosage and have been on it for a few days. Lost 4lbs. Happy with that. Hoping to loose more. I am watching what I eat and exercising.
I have been on Depo-Provera for 4 shots (1 year) and I have had relatively little side effects. Before Depo I was on regular Ortho-Tricyclen pills and Ortho Lo. On both previous methods I definitely gained weight (at least 5-10 pounds) and was moody with total lack of libido. I also got headaches a lot - not really bad ones but annoying enough. When I went back to get my prescription refilled, I told the doctor about the headaches and that one of my eyes was becoming slightly nearsighted. From these two factors, she recommended the shot rather than the pill. I had slight spotting, then periods were gone after 2nd shot, no headaches, small weight gain, and still less interested in sex than I would like to be but no birth control is perfect. Try it.
Hiatus henna, Without omeprazole I would feel very uncomfortable and gunk in my throat
Have had Nexplanon for 9 months. Insertion left a bruise and the first week was difficult with headaches as my body sorted out the hormones. Overall this has been an effective product. Does the job as a contraceptive. Only get a period every three months, but they are getting heavier each time which worries me. They last about a week. I have gained about ten pounds and depression and anxiety have gotten worse. You really need to weigh the pros and cons before choosing this method.
Myrbetriq worked 100% when I first started on it.  Somehow, I missed taking it for several days and the symptoms returned.  I have been faithfully taking it for 3 months since the  'break ' in taking it and there is no reduction in my symptoms. I am back to where I was before I was prescribed the medicine.
I have battled constipation for most of my life and for the past 8 years have been on pain meds, which worsened matters.Bisocodyl is often the only thing that works for me. Yes, the pain can be horrid: sweats, nausea, incredible cramping; I have even hallucinated from the pain. But sometimes you just have to pull out the big guns. Something I have noticed, and this might help with some of the issues mentioned here, is that when I don 't really need to use it but do anyway, I too get diarrhea and  'immediate elimination ' as soon as I eat or drink.
I 've been on 60 mg/day for the last 17 years after I developed multiple neuropathy issues in my extremities after chemotherapy treatment. I 've tried EVERYTHING else on the market that I can legally try. Methadone is the ONLY thing that works and doesn 't get me high as a kite or knock me out. I will warn anyone that this medication is Very dangerous as far as CNS depression goes for the first two weeks of use. I was nodding off all over the place! The great thing is that this goes away after the first few weeks. After the initial period, I have noticed very few side effects. The ones that I have are the usual constipation that all narcotics produce. This medication will lower testosterone levels after long term use. (Longer than a year.)
I have taken trazodone off and on for about five years. As long as I 'm taking it every night it works just fine, but if I skip a night I won 't sleep at all. No physical dependence, but if I 've been taking it regularly and then stop I can 't sleep more than an hour a night for at least a week. Works well when taken nightly, but has a horrible rebound effect.
Have been taking kadian for two months and it has taken my lower back pain from an 8 on pain scale to a 2. Wonderful not having to take four to six vicodin but one capsule of kadian a day.
think afrezza works great. only been on it two months.my cgm says average blood is at 130 .compared to 160.i would say it would be better if i timed it better.only knock would be overnight when you eat things that are fatty takes a lot longer to break down. have to take 2 doses overnight to lower it down .when I say lower its at 198 steady .havnt had a bg over 220 in 2 months
I was on this medicine for 4 weeks. I lost 15 lbs but I also failed a drug test. The medicine showed up as chrystal meth. I hope I never have to go through that again.
I have taken 1600 mg of gabapentin since 12 yrs before menopause .  It was THE medication that completely controls my cervical dystonia. Noticed that I did not have hot flashes post menopause as my friends complained of. But did finally start to have sleep disturbance.  So after several tries with OTC supplements,  non soy genistein takes care of that. From the first pill. I just don 't dare miss taking it. It lets me know.Wish one or the other or both would help everyone.
I 've only been using this for 2 weeks. I don 't file my toenails or anything like I 've read here.  They are not thick. They hurt - well, burn.  They haven 't been burning since about one week on this.  It was only $12 with my insurance and I can already tell a huge difference!
Diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis 10 days ago.  Started 800MG 2 tablets, 3 times/day plus suppository at night.  Diarrhea quickly went down to once a day instead of eight times.  Experiencing fatigue, slight nausea and seem to be developing acne.
I 've had the Nexplanon in for about 7 months now. In the beginning, my period was VERY IRREGULAR which was quite irritating being as though I had just switched from the pill, with whichI I was skipping my period altogether. (I stopped using the pill Levora due to excessive nausea). After the irregular, CONSTANT, bleeding stopped, it 's been GREAT TO ME! I don 't have to worry about it, the bleeding has stopped (so far altogether, but it 's only been near 2 months), I have no nausea from it, no known side effects honestly. No weight change, I don 't feel moody, anxious, or depressed (like i did on Levora) so it 's currently amazeballs. I would 've given this a 10 rating, but that bleeding in the beginning was beyond aggravating. STICK IT OUT!
I have been taking this medication for four months now, and started on the lowest dose and moved onto the middle dose.  So far, I am down 16 pounds (I 'm petite at 5 '1).  I hit my plateau the last month, so I just started the new dose of 15mg yesterday and will see if that helps. I 've also been counting calories/working out and I think you get the best results when also changing your lifestyle.  It 's not a magic pill, but it helps. It certainly helps suppress your appetite and sugar cravings. After reading some of these posts, I feel pretty lucky as I haven 't had severe side effects other than some tingling in my fingers, and a harder time falling asleep. But again, regular exercise will also help with that, or at least in my case.
I have been on this pill for about four years.  My Doctor took me off of Ortho-Tri Cyclen because of ovarian cysts.  My only compliant is the EXTREME swelling in my ankles and when it 's really hot.  I was recently put on Yaz and had to be taken off so they put me back on this.  Otherwise, it would be a great pill but the swelling is getting old and I am sick of dealing with it.
Have gone off and on this medicine a couple times, 50 mg for anxiety, especially social anxiety. Am just starting to go back on it for the third time because it&rsquo;s been a month since I was off it and I&rsquo;m back to having panic attacks. Only went off it to lose weight (it definitely makes me gain weight) but it is worth it to be on it for the peace of mind that I feel when I&rsquo;m on it. I know a lot of people worry about losing or changing their personality when they go on medicine - but it makes me feel like &ldquo;myself&rdquo; only better. Everyone&rsquo;s different but this could really help and work for you too.
After one week on Lisinopril HCTZ my blood pressure went from 150/94 to 124/74.  I am experiencing the coughing side effect though which is distracting during conversation.
I 've taken Prevacid for over a year now.  The first 6 months or so were amazing, almost completely heartburn-free.  Now, it 's almost like I 'm taking nothing at all.  I think I need to switch to something different.  Worked great for a while, though.
I 'm a 21 year old female and just diagnosed with Bipolar I. It 's been a roller coaster ride especially after gaining 10 pounds in the hospital while taking risperidone and Depakote. I 'm still on the Depakote, though I hope to discontinue it as soon as my psychiatrist allows, but I just switched to Abilify. I 've got to say, so far I have no complaints. With risperidone I had no &quot;lid&quot; to my hunger. It was endless, and that was quite disappointing. There were many other side effects, but the weight gain has added to my self loathing. Though the painful heart dysrhythmias are a close second. I 'm hoping that Abilify makes it possible for me to curb my appetite back to what it used to be as I exercise the 30 pounds I don 't need away.
I had my IUD put in in the beginning of March 2016. It hurt, but it wasn 't THAT bad. I would say 7 on a 10 scale and it was over in less than a minute. I was really freaking out over nothing. I had high hopes because cramping that day was minimal. However, I spotted for 2 full months, almost 3. I cramped horribly for about 6 weeks; but it wasn 't continuous. It was a lot of random ouch ouch ouch! cramps and then it would be over just like that. I cramped and bled after exercise and sex for the first 6 weeks. Doing SO much better now! No cramping ever, periods are lighter. PMS seems bad though (mood swings, irritability, appetite increase). Glad I did it.
Very effective . I like it. However I noticed that my penis has an increased bend making penetration difficult.  Does Cialis cause bending. Is there a way to reverse bending or is there medicine that can reduce the bending.
Woke me up a little, decreased appetite so I thankfully lost a bit of weight. It gave me headaches in the beginning due to dehydration, but overall, the only other bad effect was insomnia in the beginning. I went completely manic when I went up to 100 mg, but 50 mg worked perfectly for me...that is, until it just stopped helping anymore.
I have been taking Vistaril for 3 years. It really as helped my stress level go down.
MS-Contin was good at relieving pain not as strong as Oxycontin which I was used to.  They are different and I read in a 2007 Physicians desk reference guide that they are 45-55% or more absorbed by the human body where Oxycodone was 60-85% absorbed in the human body. Also made me more tired than Oxycodone.  Secondly, though both medications made me tired it seemed like the MS Contin made me more tired and lethargic than Oxycontin.
Gained tolerance quickly on this med- maxed out dosage/ frequency and had to add additional pains meds to address pain issues. Have not had issues with dependency thankfully-
I have type 2 BP along with many other things and I do say I love this RX. It helped me out for a very long time one of the first and few. However I did feel very dulled emotionally. I was on 140mg daily but any does lower did not work. I could not even cry unless something absolutely tragic (Ie. Death or someone I loved getting hurt) happened in my life. Also I hated having to take it with food. I constantly had an upset stomach as I could never seem to get eating and taking the med right. So all in all I took myself off from the med and the withdrawls from it were hell. For about two weeks I felt like I was dying. So as a conclusion; this med does work and work well if you like being a robot who vomits.
I started phen one week ago, after dieting and exercising for 11 weeks and only losing 10 pounds. I 'm on 37.5 mg dose. I started phen  on May 14 at 179lbs. I 'm down 5 pounds! I have exercised twice. I 've have serious dry mouth, headaches for a week, but yesterday,  no headache.  Twice I 've felt mild numbing in my face, and constipation. The following may be too much information - you are warned . I also started my period 4 days ago, experienced HEAVY bleeding, for the first 2 days, like having to change my pad every hour and a half because I bled through to my clothes. I 'm not sure if it has anything to do with the medication,  but it 's not normal for me. But it 's not bad enough to make me stop taking it!
After taking Seroquel for 5 months at 25 mg, I recently upped it to 50 mg at night-time. This has resulted in me being able to drop my Ativian from 2 mg to 1 mg and still get a great sleep. I am much more productive, think clearly and feel positive. I feel like my personality is coming back. Coincidence? I think not.
I had taken Paxil when I was younger and it worked wonders with my depression and social disorder. However, this time around it is different, but still better with than without. My husband has been on it for close to 5 years. He used to be so angry all the time about everything, this helped him. It helped us because I am a person who does not do well with yelling and arguing. He did try to stop a few months back and it was terrible because his aggressiveness and irritability was off the wall, scarey. His mood swings came on quick and he realized he was better off staying on the Paxil. We are both on 40 mg a day. 
We find this medication one of our lifesavers.  My son began Cyclic vomiting syndrome when he was 5 years old. Started out with a bang and he would spend one week per month in the hospital for over a year and a half. We did finally resort to both a G and J Tube. One for nutrition and one to bypass the stomach during episodes to give medicines, fluids and nutrition. However, we use the Elavil every night and use Ativan as well as Zofran during an active cycle or right when we see one coming on to abort as well as loads of fluids.We have tried to experiment and &quot;see&quot; what happens without the Elavil and it was bad. Within a week of not having it, right on the money comes an active Episode. My son is now 13, we still have the Tubes in place and use all the medicines listed.
Great medication. I was originally prescribed this medication in a treatment center to help me sleep and with anxiety when I got off of amphetamines (adderall, other amphetamines). I was taking it at bedtime. I found that it helps more with my focus, and it wears off during the day. I take 3mg once daily. However, I still have some strong ADHD symptoms. Intuiv just helps me... stay less scattered. Oh, and insurance is a rubbish it can be difficult to get this medication even with insurance.
I had been taking Saphris 10mg at bedtime for well over a year and then suddenly stopped taking it for a month to see how I would feel. In this month I was a wreck and had racing thoughts and couldn 't fall asleep until 2am and would be up 6 hours later. I also found myself fantasizing about stuff and being unrealistic about things. I started taking it again close to a month ago and I really see how much it helps me. The only downside is that I sleep over 11 hours now and I get into such a deep sleep without waking up once.
I have been a sound sleeper most of my life until I was 65 and began waking up after about 1-1/2 hours sleep most nights and was unable to get back to sleep.  After over a year of this I was always tired and had no stamina.  I began taking Zolpidem 10mg every night at bedtime and was able to get 5 to 5-1/2 hours sleep almost every night.  After a month I had normal energy and stamina (for my age).  The only drawback is that I would prefer 7 to 7-1.2 hrs sleep which I only attain once or twice a week on the Zolpidem 10mg.  I am going to discuss the newer slow-release version with my doctor for the next refill.  It has made a significant improvement in my life and activities.
I got it implanted about 9 months ago and my period is exactly opposite from a normal period. I get about one week off from bleeding every month! I have an extremely high sex drive, lost/gained no weight at all, and haven 't noticed any changes in my hair growth/loss. I cry and had mood swings but I 'm not sure if that is just me or the hormones because I have always been sensitive! Every one is different but I really like this birth control method and I would love it if I didn 't bleed every two seconds. It always me to live my life and stay not pregnant until I am ready.
I gave Adderall an 8 out of 10 because it is very effective, anyone who is narcoleptic (which is why I use this medicine) will stay awake completely. Depending on the dosage you can stay awake anywhere from 5 hours to even more than 12. The down side to this medicine, and let me be clear that it is just with my experience is that it can make you jittery and excited. It also gave me &quot;false confidence&quot; and just overall made me more outgoing than I usually. Also I found that the first time I used it it gave me quite a high, which I eventually got used to. After several days I started hallucinating things and got paranoid. There are definitely some psychological side effects even more than the ones that I 've experienced. 
I 've been on Celexa now for about 2 months for anxiety. It really helps for the anxiety but I have trouble falling asleep. When I do fall asleep I have long vivid dreams all night. Very weird dreams.
I am 23 years old and have been on this medication for about 18 months and I have to say that I absolutely love it! I had unbearable cramps and hot flashes, as well as severe acne before I started. The first month I did bloat, but it quickly disappeared, along with my acne, hot flashes, and cramps. My only complaint is that it also took away my period and I could do without the monthly pregnancy panic. That would be my only reason for switching.
Works well, initially though I felt like the medicine gave a &quot;forced&quot; feeling of alertness - similar but not as bad as Provigil. It subsided completely after 72 hours and continues to work very well.I have MS (advanced, fast progressing) and without this I wouldn 't be able to overcome the fatigue to get out of bed, my chair or move around. I can also stop using it without noticing any bad effects. As such, as my symptoms improve intermittently, I use less or none until it is needed again.  I don 't see the &quot;addictive&quot; tendency in the use of this medication either like the medicine information mentions... there is no &quot;warm fuzzy feeling&quot; or altered mental state for me. I just get to where I can move my legs and arms better, and think more clearly.
This has been extremely useful in the stopping my restless legs at night. If I happen to stop or run out I 'm experiencing the restless legs again. I hate that feeling and have to get up and shake my legs. It is a feeling I simply can 't stand!
I was on this pill for about a year, I worked completely fine for me. Although I did have bloating and at first had major mood swings and would often get depressed. Wanted to try something new and I honestly I like Lo Loestrin Fe over any other birth control.
I 've been on many antidepressants since I was 21. Prozac for years that just stopped working. Cymbalta didn 't work, Pristiq had very bad reaction. Recently my Doctor gave me Wellbutrin and the first few weeks worked great but then I had to keep getting the dosage &quot;upped&quot;. Eventually it just wasn 't enough. Than I got Celexa added (which I never heard of, he said it was an older anti depressant) and for the first week it really helped. Had more energy and felt happier. Now it has seemed to &quot;settle in&quot; basically and I still feel depressed but this works the best. Recently I had a couple major tragedies happen in a short amount of time and wasn 't able to cope. I was taking Klonopin up to 3 times a day and it just didn 't work. Now I 'm on Ativan.
Took this medication intravenously in the hospital with no problem. Now I am taking it in pill form at 150mg a pop for 1 week and 2 days. Just washed my face as always in the am an noticed all these red bumps on my face, neck and upper arms. Just trying to find out if this is from the medication? Haven 't eaten anything different or used anything different. At a complete loss...
It stopped the cough and wheezing. I was on 20mg to start and then cut back to 10 mg and then 5mg. I 've not had anything work as well.
Nauzene chewable tablets purchased at local drug store for nausea. This is controlling the awful nausea I am experiencing. I was ready to stop at day 2 as I was so miserable. Nauzene to the rescue. I 'm only at day 4 of taking Contrave but my appetite has noticeably decreased. I am hopeful this will help me get my weight under control.
I 've been taking Trintellix for over 6 months now and it 's helped me a lot! Taking it along with my anxiety medication and birth control has completely gotten rid of my suicidal thoughts and now my panic attack are extremely rare, and only when I am about to/am on my period. My only problem is that it hasn 't done as well as psychiatrist has hoped, I still have some of the daze and haziness that prevents me from being able to do anything. Which isn 't a very great point if you 're on 20mg and your insurance will barely pay for it since it 's new, leaving you with about 340$!!!! I still think it 's done well by getting me stable and calm but still not really good enough for me, at least right now.
I have had no major problems except for insomnia.
I 'm at the two-week point. And while it 's still a bit painful to get out of bed, once I do I no longer feel &quot;stoned.&quot; There is a light at the end of the tunnel.Days one through five were as follows: 50 mg, 100 mg, 200 mg, 300 mg, 400 mg.  Then it was a matter of getting my body acclimated to 400 mg, which I thought would never happen. If you are able to take vacation/sick days/medical leave, I do suggest it. I did not. Either way, just know it does get better within a matter of weeks.
Had it in for 3 weeks..  Not sure if I have had any side effects. I 've been a super horrible to my husband the past week. Which isn 't really me, and I 've cried twice this week like it was the end of days..  Which is unlike me. Though I 'm also a new mom to a 6 week old..  Don 't know if its stress or this..  Also, just started my period (great) its heavy!  Everyone 's reviews on here are freaking  me out a bit. I definitely don 't want to gain weight especially while still on the process of loosing the 35lbs I gained while pregnant. Kinda wishing I would have done more research before I got it, instead of randomly picking one out a booklet at the Dr.
Has helped me a lot with focusing and getting tasks done. I had some nausea during my first and second weeks. Taking it with food was helpful. Overall, it worked pretty well for me.
Prescribed clonidine in December when my motor tics had become debilitating. One pill three times a day didn 't accomplish much. My neurologist upped my dose to 5 pills 3 times a day and my tics ceased completely within 10 days. When my life gets really stressful the tics come back, but a few days at 2 pills 3 times daily and they usually subside. Side effects with 3x5 daily were significant...could not stay awake for more than an hour or two at a time (couldn 't drive) and the dry mouth (cotton mouth) was terrible,  but the tics went away.   Side effects with 3x2 daily are similar, but not as severe.
My experience on Saphris has been mixed. None of the other atypical antipsychotics has addressed my manic symptoms better. It really helps with my sleep. My moods are more stabler, I 'm less of a trouble/burden for my family, and I 'm happier than I 've been in the past. Now the problems: First, when I 'm on Saphris, it lowers my sex and creative drives. I 've had trouble in bed, and I 've found it really difficult to generate new ideas for paintings and drawings, and the quality of my art overall has decreased. Second, Saphris appears to be impacting my long-term memory. My spouse has noticed this. I 'm just not remembering my past with reliability--memories are faint and/or scrambled and I usually get details and dates wrong.
I am 21, and had Nexplanon put in 7 months ago. This is the first time I 've ever been on birth control. I have gained a little bit of weight and my breasts have gotten bigger. Sometimes I am hungry all the time for days, other times I am nauseous every time I eat. I get irritated easily and more often. But the worst is the bleeding. I bled for 3 months straight after I got it. It stopped for a week and half, then bled for 3 weeks, stopped for a week, bled for two months, stopped for about a month, and now I have been bleeding for more than 2 weeks. It 's never been spotting, it 's a full-on period all the time. As convenient and effective as it is, I cannot handle the constant heavy bleeding. I am considering getting it removed.
This usually helps me get to sleep really well.  It says to take it while you 're already in bed but I don 't find that it immediately knocks me out like Ambien did. The Sonata gets me to sleep and lets me wake up just fine in the morning.  The only problem is if I wake up during the night and can 't return to sleep and so sometimes I take an additional one to help get back to sleep.
Being on this medicine for the first 5 days was hard, felt sicker then ever with symptoms of mild diarrhea, some hives, worst nausea, fatigue. This started to improve day 6. After being on it for a week am almost back to normal. Felt like the drugs had to work on the H.Pylori, then the body had to work on getting the drug out of the body.
I 've had acne my entire life tried everything from roaccutane to special diets to expensive creams and nothing worked. Started Yasmin and my skin became absolutely flawless. I wanted a kid, so I stopped the pill and my acne came back instantly. My son is now 5 months and I 've started Yasmin again because I need my acne to be gone! I 'm 29 and it 's annoying to have skin his bad. This pill makes me crazy, but I 'll take the craziness for clear skin. My sex drive disappeared while I was on it too. Lost weight which was a plus.
This pill has been pretty good for me. It is a lower hormones dose than the many other pills I tried before, which gave me bad side effects. I had mild nausea and headaches with this pill for the first 3 months but that 's it. I have gained about 25 pounds in the 2 years I 've used it but I don 't mind it as much as some other people. My sex drive has gone down a tiny bit but nothing noticeable. I have sex frequently, using this as my only protection method, and I haven 't had a pregnancy scare (granted, I am very good at taking it on time). This pill isn 't perfect, but its definitely the best one I 've tried!
I 've been using Otezla for around three months now.  I had some minor side effects of loose stool and headaches.  They have subsided and don 't affect me anymore.  I 'm probably 80% clear now.  This time of year I normally have a large increase of lesions.  Not only have the lesions gone away, no new ones have formed.  It will be nice to wear shorts and short sleeve shirts again.  For me, this med has worked great.
Lyrica 300mg 2 per day for peripheral neuropathy. Neuropathy pain is bad but this does help, better than gabapentin and others I have taken, and the list is mighty long! 
I have been waking up every 3 hours. Strange dreams and shakiness.
I have taken 50mg of trazodone with 7.5mg of Remeron, Zyprexa with excellent results. Waking up feeling rested, with no morning anxiety. I also take 75mg Effexor XR for daytime depression, it dose give me insomnia so the odd combination for sleep is extremely helpful 8-9 hrs sleep. I will be upping the dose of trazodone and getting rid of the other two as I think trazodone is the best. I have taken it in the past too with great results.
Well! This is my first full week of mirena insertion and I am loving it so far. I was a bit skeptical with getting an IUD and it took me some time to get to the doc to have this done (4 months of thinking &amp; review reading)! I didn 't like the reviews that was out here so I began to get cold feet and not do it. BUT I really needed some form of BC. I have tried birth control pills for years and that was nice but it wasn 't so nice because it raised my pressure! ( I was that 0.5% on the label I guess). However the procedure was standard it hurt like anything during insertion but no worst than cramps. Same day a lil bleeding but that went away the next day. After 3 days I was good to jog, have sex, swim , whatever! 5 yrs of NO worries, go 4 it !!
Due to the stress and anxiety over my parents ' ill health and my need to provide caregiving to them, I wasn 't sleeping. Had restless leg syndrome as well as just plain not being able to get to sleep. My doctor prescribed Zoloft for the anxiety, and lorazepam for my insomnia, which worked perfectly but I discovered that I can 't take benzodiazapines because of random drug tests at work, so he switched me to mirtazapine, 30mg at night. It worked OK for 2 months but now I 'm back to where I was before. With the lorazepam I didn 't dream, I slept deeply and awoke refreshed and no hangover. With the mirtazapine, it 's hard now to fall asleep, and I have strange dreams. Appetite has also increased horribly which defeats my weight loss goal.
I started taking mirtazapine 30mg five weeks ago and it has made such a difference to me. I also take 20mg Paxil but that had stopped helping with my depression. I have an anxiety disorder and also obsessive compulsive disorder, pure O.  I was zonked out by the Mirtazapine for about 10 days but after that the fog cleared and right from the word go my anxiety practically disappeared. I have had increased appetite and gained some weight but nothing to worry about, probably about 8 pounds. I am small and weigh now about 139 pounds.  The other side effect which was annoying was a bloated stomach and swollen feet but that has gone away over the past week. I would seriously give this medicine a good few months if you are suffering as I was, give it time.
I was diagnosed 5 years ago with General anxiety disorder and panic disorder with mild agoraphobia. For the first few months I had no idea what was going on with me except that I knew I would get completely flustered and anxious and scared when I went out to do everyday things. I began worrying all the time about silly things and couldn 't seem to shut my mind off enough to sleep and relax. My doctor diagnosed me and for a while I tried seeing just a therapist but eventually my panic attacks came back stronger and I decided on medication. I have tried three other medications all of which were not successful. I am 8 days in on Prozac and the side effects have been pretty bad but I have hope. Today was much calmer for me.
I would definitely try this for migraines if you haven 't already.  I had used Imitrex pills for a few years and suddenly they stopped working.  I tried a couple different pills and then found Maxalt.  The only problem with the pills is that I have to take them right away.  Once the migraine has started they don 't take away all the pain, only like 60% for me.  I was on Maxalt for a few years, then put on Cymblata and didn 't have migraines for 2 years on that, but then they came back and Maxalt didn 't help me...  Now I use Imitrex Statdose because I never catch my migraine until it 's terrible but the injections get rid of the pain fast!
I started on 10mg of Lexapro and thought I 'd struck gold with how much it improved my quality of life - I was only surviving before on Zoloft, but with Lexapro I felt alive for the first time in decades. Unfortunately, after a couple of years I found the effects started to wear off, so I went up to 20mg. Same thing happened again - felt fantastic , but after a couple of years the effects started wearing off again. I tried Cymbalta - no good for me, then tried Pristiq 50mg, then 100mg then 150mg. No good for me either. I 've gone back to Lexapro again - have worked my way up to 20mg in the last 2 weeks, and am feeling so much better for it. If the effects wear off again I 'll go up to 30mg Lexapro. It 's the best one I 've found for me so far.
Slow to start off, did not help being only on 15mg for first 2 weeks. I ate loads and roughly put on 10 pounds now however 2 weeks later and up to 30mg not eating as much and can control my eating feel more energized and not as glum and moody. More active.
Been on the shot for 6yrs Doctor told me I 've been on it to long so I didn 't get my last shot in July, still waiting for my period and they don 't know what to tell me when I ask how long. Never had acne before, now I do and definitely gained weight. As a birth control I love it. Never had a period and don 't remember to have to take daily pill.
I have been on this pill for about 4 months and it has been helpful. My cramping has gotten less severe and I don 't seem to be experiencing any side effects. My acne has gotten better, and my breast are occasionally sore but nothing to extreme. There has been no change in my sex drive my only issue is that I miss my period occasionally.
I bought Tiger balm over the counter to help ease my shoulder and neck pain and possibly to try on my back as I get stiff and feel constant pain due to a previous back injury. I use this ontop of strong medication (after consulting the gp)  to help my muscle pain. It leaves a cold tingly feeling if you use it on a large area but it doesn 't last long, helped the flexibility in my back and eased off the muscle pain in my neck and shoulders. It lasts for a few hours and doesn 't smell too bad. I have the red ointment one with cinnamon in and its not an unpleasant smell. The balm does stick to your fingers a bit and takes a bit of scrubbing to get off. But overall a very good option for topical pain/joint medication. Would recommend trying!
Have had severe acne for a long time and worked very well to clear up acne entirely with a few months. Unfortunately as soon as I go off of it, the acne slowly comes back. Still works amazing while on it though.
Much easier to use then warfarin which I was on for 5 years.  The only side effect I am finding is hair loss.  I checked side effects for eliquis but hair loss was not on the list.    I have been on this drug since April 2016.
I started taking this 2 years ago and was then taken off it by another doctor as my symptoms had cleared up. All my anxiety/depression symptoms started coming back gradually and I was put on various other drugs like Lyrica, Cymbalta, Lustral, etc and none of them worked and the side effects with some of them were cruel. I am now back on Lexapro, starting at 5mg and increasing by 5mg every week till I reach 20mg. This was the only drug that cured me before, I found it wonderful first time round so fingers crossed it will work again. The side effects starting off are not to bad. I know last time round I didn 't gain weight so I hope I don 't this time either. It 's so good.
I took Propranolol for 15 years and it definitely saved my career - I was a CEO in a high pressure industry where I had to do lots of public speaking.   But boys and girls please remember there is no such thing as a free lunch.    Propranolol is a powerful prescription drug and has side effects.  Specifically it dampens your emotions and your creativity.  So whilst you can give that speech confidently , sustained use will have a negative impact on your relationships and your performance.      Ultimately the best solution is to work on techniques to change your emotions and make you more confident when you speak.     Specifically practice for the moment when things might go wrong . What will you do to overcome it ?
This is a very effective medication but with extreme side effects. It is very short-lived and requires dividing the prescribed dosage into 3 times a day to avoid blood pressure spikes. It leaves you feeling &quot;high&quot; and sedated. Absolutely do not discontinue it abruptly. Stopping it abruptly causes your blood pressure to rebound even higher than it was before for several days.A better choice in this class is Guanfacine, which for me is even more effective and does not have the radical side effects.
This worked great.
I was in a very bad car accident in 2009, needless to say I 've been on pain medication since then and have been given everything from hydrocodone to fentanyl patches to OxyContin. I 'm only 27 so its hard to be doped up and tired all the time. And it was either nausea or headaches all the time. My doctor put me on Endocet 10s about a year ago and they are the absolute best thing for my pain. My tolerance isn 't rising quickly either. I 'm very pleased so far with this medication, no negative side effects aside from very mild bathroom troubles.
I 've only been taking Trintellix (10 mg) for 6 days, but wanted to share my experience.  First, though it may be due to the placebo affect or a culmination of events, but I feel much happier.  As in - I 've been laughing - a lot!  And feel much less anxious. But I doubt seriously the drug working yet.  So, here are my side effects so far:  Day 1 - Took pill on an empty stomach at 1:00 p.m.  Extreme nausea that lasted for about an hour.  Bad headache. Some mild gas.  Had mildly weird dreams - color /vivid.Day 2 - Took pill on a full stomach at 9:00 a.m.  Mild headache. Stomach was a bit upset off and on.  Slept fine.Day 3 - Same as day 2Day 4 - no side effectsDay 5 - no side effectsDay 6 - mild headacheLooking fwd to the next few wks!
So this Sunday will make exactly one month since I started Belviq and I need to re-up on my script. This is the God 's honest truth. I started at 211 pounds the first week I was too tired to exercise but I tried maybe 2 days that week. The 2nd week was much better the tiredness was gone and I got over the headaches so I was able to work out that entire week. Nothing hard core just walking at a steady pace. the 3rd week I didn 't do bad during the week however I stopped working out. My weight hit a plateau and I was pissed so I started working out again. I 'M PROUND TO ANNOUNCE THAT I HAVE LOST A TOTAL OF 18 POUNDS IN ONE MONTH !!!This medication requires not just eating better but exercise!!!
After spending the before prep on soft foods and prep day on clear liquids I did a 2 dose prep of Prepopik. First dose nada. Second at 11:00 and after 3 hrs I went a few times. At 6:00 I had yellow with bits but was apprehensive. After an enema at Drs office, I was sent home with Suprep. BIG difference!  Took it early at 4:00 instead of 6:00. Wow. 5 mins after the second 16 oz of water my stomach was doing the rumba and at after 20 mins, I just parked in the bathroom with my iPad. Watched 2 episodes of Outlander. It 's now 6:45 and I 'll do the second dose at 9:00. Wish I had been given Suprep to begin with. Hope to be clean and asleep by midnight.
I have been taking Otzela since March 26, 2016 (6 mos). I had the typical GI and headache issues that are common but I have also been struggling with a chronic cough. After years of being in a &quot;remission&quot;, the psoriasis starting returning a couple of years ago and I had a severe flair last winter that would not respond to anything. 90% of my arms and legs were covered, with many lesions on my lower back and ears. The Otzela has cleared the psoriasis about 95% but now to the cough. In July, I stopped coughing at night and I hoped my body was adjusting but alas not. I caught a cold and the cough is worse than ever. I am going to taper off, resolve the cough and restart at a lower dose and hoping for a compromise.
I took my first trulicity shot on Tuesday Sept. 27th. I started feeling VERY  tired the next day. I work a 12 hour shift and I  could barely make it threw the day. Friday evening I felt very ill. Chills, back pain, and headache. Saturday morning I was ill. Chills, radiating pain from stomach, to back, to my head, numbness in my feet, dizziness, confusion, cotton mouth, shakiness, blurried vision, slurred speech, and a huge lump on right side of neck. Today is Tuesday Oct. 4th and I still feel horrible! I won 't take this shot ever again
Not the most pleasant medication to receive but I 'm not a zombie after my seizures stop and it works fairly quickly.
I was on this for 2 years. It was really good. I had very consistent, light periods with no major period symptoms. I liked being on this, but the one major drawback is my sex drive essentially disappeared. I had to get off it or risk my 7 year relationship as I had no desire to be intimate at all.
This drug is very helpful. I used to have pus filled acne all over my face and now very few of them. It does nothing for white heads and clogged pores but does get rid of the pus filled looking ones.
Adderall is amazing.  It really works. I 've never really been one to take medicines, even tylenol, but this drug has changed my life. Old me was cranky, according to my wife.
I have rapid-cycling bipolar and have been on Abilify for a little over 7-8 months. At first, I was on the Abilify by its self and I experienced worsened anxiety and depression. I was thinking about switching drugs after a few weeks of these negative feelings not going away, so my Pdoc added Zoloft to my mix. This combination was a life saver for me. I would definitely recommend using Abilify as an add-on. My mania is manifested as rage, impulsiveness, and rapid negative thoughts in my head and Abilify stopped that for me. The only negative side effect I have now is weight gain. I 've only gained 8 pounds, but I have to ignore my food cravings.
I had the Synvisc one injection in my left knee 4 weeks ago.   The injection was painful and I had worse knee pain than before for 3 1/2 weeks.  I have had little to no pain for 4 days now.  I am hopeful to receive 5-6 months of pain free living.  If so I will most likely have a repeat injection as my next option is knee replacement.
I 've had acne since I was 14yrs old, and I 'm 18 now. So I 've been suffering for 4 years now. I 've tired everything to get rid of my acne. I had some cystic acne and just regular acne, but it would be all over my face and leave bad scarring. It was very embarrassing. I finally decided I would do something about it. I went to the dermatologist and she prescribed me Solodyn. My face cleared up within a month, I have never seen my face this clear before it 's like I never even had acne, all that 's left is scars though. But this medicine from my experience works great, and I didn 't experience any serious side effects. I highly recommend it.
I 've been taking 20mg of Adderall XR for about 4 months now, and yes I 'll admit it has dramatically changed my life. All the good side effects come to life and I feel like a completely amazing person.
I recently got the Nexplanon last month and its ok, I 've been spotting for the last 2 weeks &amp; now I have severe stomach pains.....I 'm still going to give it a shot at east six month, It has caused me to not have an appetite at all not sure if that 's normal but since I 'm only one month in I 'll still consider this for of birth control. It 's the stomach pains that are driving me crazy.
I got mine in August of 2014 the first week I had terrible mood swings and cramping but after that I had my period once again then it was every other month but then I had for ALL of December and it started every other month again but now in April I had my period for one week but I have been non-stop spotting for 2! There isn 't a enough blood for it to count as a full period but enough for a panty liner. I really love how convinent it is but I wish my period weren 't so random. It 's difficult to decide when to be intimate with my boyfriend or not.
I 've been on the generic version of Yaz for 7 days now. I have been nauseated for 7 days and have resulted to taking Zofran (ondanestron) 4 times so that I could eat food. Previously I was on a non-hormonal IUD (Paraguard) but had to have surgery to remove it after it was expelled from my uterus and punctured and embedded in the uterus wall. I 'm hopeful that the nausea will go away soon because it 's impacted my daily activities.
I was on Depakote for 17 years with little to no breakthrough seizures. Then I suddenly developed leukopenia and had to be removed from the drug. I have not found another medication that has been as effective as Depakote. I am presently on Carbatrol and have had breakthrough seizures monthly and after 7 years have again developed leukopenia from it.
I had unprotected sex with my ex (first mistake) but he did not ejaculate in me on December 26. Planned parenthood wasn 't open on that day, so I thought I could get Ella the next day, than I went in on the 27th but my prescription was out and I had to get take action plan b instead. So it was a little over 24 hours since I had the unprotected sex. Since than I feel super nauseas and my breasts hurt but not anything crazy, my period is due 1/8... I also have a white filmy discharge. I 'm so beyond terrified that I 'm pregnant I can 't barely function. The day I had sex I was trying so hard to not let him have unprotected sex but he was not listening. I gave in but I am suffering the consequences with the stress. Am I ok????
I give Pristiq an 8 for effectiveness in treating depression, however I would give it a 10 for effectiveness as an anti-depressant because I believe it gives as much as you can ask for. It has also scored highest in the top 10 treatments for depression according to a recent Australian survey. I am 18 years old, male and this is the first anti-depressant I have taken. In short, It brought me out of hell and out of a depth of despair, sadness and pessimism one naive to depression couldn 't possibly imagine. It took about 3 and a half weeks to work well (I 'm on 50mg), has a stimulating effect but causes sexual side effects.
My 11 year old started taking this about a month ago and what a difference it has made. He is finally able to control his anger and think more rationally. However he is constantly &quot;hungry&quot;. All I can do is educate him on good nutrition while on this medicine.
Just like another reader said, I could not get enough to eat the first two weeks on the medication.  Now I 'm nauseous all the time and having difficulty eating anything at all.  I don 't find the needle that big but I do have bumps where I 've injected.  I 'm hoping they go away.  I 'm also concerned about the thyroid issue - just praying all is well.
I 've been severely constipated this morning no matter how hard I tried I couldn 't go it was just to big to get out lol.  So I took 5ml of dulcolax at 10.30am it 's 1pm and I 've just been to the loo thank god.  I didn 't get much cramping just the urge to go I expect it will happen  soon though so plan of action stay by the loo
I 've been on this medication for about two weeks and take it for chronic migraines along with 600mg Gabapentin and 100mg Trokendi. My Propanolol dose is 40mg, 2x daily. 1 tablet w/breakfast and 1 w/lunch. I take it this way to help prevent and lessen the nightmares. They 're slowly getting better and really, aren 't anything compared to chronic migraines. I saw some people had awful side effects. I suggest Gabapentin. Even at a low dose of 600mg, it seriously helps. It helps with pain during an attack too. So, think about Gabapentin, it might be worth giving a try.
I 've recently started the patch due to health reasons - not contraception (although it is a win win). I haven 't been on bc in over 10 years, so I have nothing really to compare it to. However, I will say this: I 've found that the Xulane patch makes me a bit nauseous at times, but those phases never last more than 10 mins, although those 10 minutes can be very intense. It gets to the point where I 'm salivating, extremely warm, and feel as if I am about to hurl (but I never do). That typically happens twice a day. I 've also found that my usual problems with constipation have diminished since on the patch (I no longer think that is coincidence). My breasts are also more full (plus for me, lol) but also more sensitive; minor weight gain as well
I 've had my Nexplanon for about a year and I have had no problems. The occasional mood swing and a little acne on my arms but besides that its great. The one thing that scares me is since February I haven 't had a period, but I guess I 'm one of the lucky ones.
Brilliant -no drowsiness- no side effects at all.
Dad has been having this for about 7 months. The tumor had not grown.He has been throwing up some. His vision is not good. We are not sure if it is from this drug.
Hi there!I started taking mirtazapine steadily for a few months.I commute to work, AKA sleeping on the train.When i woke up, i was totally confused as to where i was, if i allready had been at work or if i was heading to work and whatnot. That was a constant for the time i was on it. Stopped taking it coldturkey, worked fine. But the thing you guys should be aware of, is that its like putting a blanket over your brain the first weeks. I got jumpy, skittish and in general grumpy/agressive. If i take one now, i can easily sleep for three days straight. So, i keep a stash when i need a break from the world and just sleep it all away. Also, be aware of extremely livid dreams.
This is a great medicine.  I switched to this after taking lexapro and having some difficult-to-manage side effects.  I did not have any side effects at all on Prozac in the beginning.  I have noticed that recently I have more of an appetite. I monitor what I eat so I haven 't gained weight but it is more of a challenge.  My sister is also on the same dose but has not had the hunger side effect.
It has saved my life. Literally.
My Doctor prescribed me Migranal earlier this year. I 've had migraines since I was 6 and have never found anything that helps this much. I prefer the pill I can take over the spray. I 've been to the ER before and they give me DHE (Migranal) in an I.V shot and it 's magic. Look into this if you need help.
I had the mirena placed this morning at 11 am. The placement was not the most comfortable, but it also wasn 't the most painful thing I have endured. Very bearable. I am 20 years old and I have never had children or been pregnant. Took a good amount of pain medicine this morning on top of cytotec the night before, by mouth. Besides a few mild cramps (not even as painful as the ones I have on my period) and a very mild headache, I have not experienced any pain or side effects so far. Of course it is only day 1, but things are looking pretty good! :)
Works well for me...I have Multiple Sclerosis.
I 'm going into my third week on Topamax.  For the twelve years previous to this medication, I was treated vigorously for clinical depression.  (Clearly, to no avail.) My  'mood spikes ' as my husband and I lovingly call them are already beginning to subside.  My toes, fingers and nose do tingle, and now that my dose is doubled (third week, time to titrate up), I 'm definitely losing my appetite. (I have a few pounds to spare, so I 'm not mad about it!) I hope to update this page again in a month or so to let you know how the medication is going then.  After being on every anti-depressant the market has ever seen, it 's a God-send to have FINALLY been pointed in the right direction.  (I 'm 30 years old, married with a 2 year old).
I 've been on implanon since january 2015 and it has worked efficiently for me. I got it because I kept having ovarian cysts even after surgery and really bad and heavy periods, so the doctor said it would be good idea to put it on so I didn 't keep producing more cysts. The procedure it 's super easy and painless so you don 't have to worry about that. If you 're right-handed they will most likely put it on your left arm and the same thing happens if you 're left-handed. I have experienced about 2 slim to none like periods, needing only panty liners. I always use panty liners just in case bc I don 't want to ruin my underwear if some blood comes out, which is rare, but I don 't want to waste them for such a silly thing.
I had this out in 11 months ago. I had consistent spotting for 4 months. It wasn 't a period but definately needed a tampon of sort. The insertion was a little discomforting but not painful but I 've had 4 kids so my cervix isn 't super hard as opposed to someone who hasn 't had a child. The cramp I had after the insertion was really bad though. It felt like someone kicked me in the back. It only last a couple hours and went away with some motrin. I 've had a couple periods that last like 10 days and has averaged about every other month. Overall it 's ok... I 'm 11 months not pregnant so it must be working.
I decided to write about my experience because reading about other women 's experiences with this type of birth control is what ultimately helped me...I 've had paragard for 6 months The first 3 were rocky. I did it on a Friday morning caused a huge cramp as did insertion. I took 800 mg of Advil, Valium and a loratab about an hour before (none of which was prescribed..just extras I had around from wisdom teeth removal)After insertion there were no cramps but on the drive home they started. That Friday night was terrible. I had no spotting but only a bottle of wine and lots of Advil cured the cramps. 1 UTI, 1 case of BV,  and 1 month of constant back pain later I 'm happy with the IUD. Periods do still last 7-10 days, not as heavy though.
Not a panacea, but big drop in concentration when dose is missed. Extended release, but loses effectiveness by early evening. Supplemented by low-dose methylphenidate before dinner if I need to work late. Taken too late, may affect sleep.
My 10yr old son has been on Vyvanse for 1.5yrs. Worked GREAT in the beginning. Grades, handwriting, organization and attitude improved. I worry about long term effects. I just recently noticed a change in his behavior. Getting grouchy, irritable, not focusing &amp; his grades are falling. I give him &quot;breaks&quot; during x-mas vacation &amp; summer. However he has side affects from getting off &amp; getting back on that are scary. He starts hallucinating &amp; wants to hurt himself. Its been 2.5mos since he has been back on after summer break. It just doesn 't seem to be working like it did before. I am trying to adjust his dose while working with his Doctor, but I don 't like the effects. I would love to take him off for good but know he would struggle even more in school.
Hello I 'm Christian, just want to talk about my experience and help you out if you are serious about taking this drug. Well I started taking accutane because I wanted super clear skin, my skin wasn 't bad just had a few here and there. Accutane did help clear my skin, but something worst happened! I was a very confident person, out going, loved to talk to everyone and always having fun on the weekends. In the middle of my progress with accutane I started getting really bad chap lips. The worst side effect of this drug is that it made me depressed i stopped talking to everyone and I felt so self conscious about my self, I felt like people were always talking about me. I 'm still not the same till this day:/ i didn 't even finish my cycle:(
I started Effexor XR two weeks ago for generalized anxiety disorder. Apparently it takes at least 4 weeks to work but I have already noticed a difference. I have had very positive effects on my mood and anxiety problems.There are definitely side effects though. I have had some trouble sleeping and my orgasms are very delayed and are very hard to reach. I have noticed however, that my sex drive has gone through the roof (which isn 't a bad thing). Currently taking 75mg daily. Considering increasing but I am worried about increasing dependency and side effects.Male 23 years old.
I have been using this product twice a day for several weeks.  Other than a small amount of blood in nasal secretions, there have been no noticeable side effects.  I have experienced decreased nasal congestion and improved breathing.
Smoker for 53 years at pack a day. I am now on my 10th day of Chantix. The first 2 days I could 'nt sleep. That went away, but when the dose increased on day 4 my stomach was always hurting. I took the pills right before I ate but still made my stomach hurt really bad and couldn 't eat. The last couple of days I have waited to take the pill until after I finish my meal and that seems to have helped greatly. I smoked my last 1/2 cigarette this morning and would love to have one now at 1:00 pm. I have noticed that my cravings are reduced and have smoked only about 3 cigs a day for the past week. This is my last hope so I will stay with the Chantix untill the program is done. I didn 't really want to quit but I knew my health depends on it.
Got my Mirena put in yesterday and it was incredibly painful. I was worried that my pain was abnormal, so I wanted others to know this is not abnormal. With the amount of pain I had, I felt like it could be perforation. It was not. For some people, especially those with endometriosis like me, the insertion/day can be. But think of it like 5 years worth of periods on one day and it 's worth it. Mirena can help endometriosis so much! 
I was diagnosed with uterine fibroids and an ovarian cyst a few months ago. I went to a PCP and she prescribed a low-dose progestin pill to see if that would stop the bleeding. A month or so went by and it had very little effect on my bleeding, and one day I was bleeding so much I had to go to the ER. The ER doc prescribed Mononessa--4 pills a day for 4 days, then 3 for 3 days, then 2, etc. and that stopped the bleeding ASAP. I am still taking Mononessa, the regular dose, not triple the amount, and have surgery scheduled, but I think I will still take these. My periods are regular again, like they were before the fibroids, and I have not seen much weight gain, only 3 or so lbs but I was anemic and underweight before.
I found trulicity to be very effective in controlling my blood sugar., appetite and cravings. Unfortunately after 2 months I was still having such severe constipation I had to stop. I increased my fiber, water intake, exercise -everything possible to deal with the constipation, but to no benefit. It 's too bad because otherwise it was a very effective medication for me.
I just started my third pack of Lo Loestrin Fe and so far I like this pill. I have been having a menstrual cycle since age 11, so I am ecstatic to have not seen a cycle in two months.There has been no spotting at all. During my first pack,there was very light spotting my second week and then nothing. The down side thus far is that my libido has dropped and I don 't orgasm as easily. Also , I find that my body is extra tender to touch, especially my breasts.
Hi everyone! I started taking Lutera 3 months ago. I have to say, I was tremendously reluctant to try this birth control after reading some of the horrifying reviews. My main concern, if I 'm being honest, was weight gain. I lost 60 pounds by eating healthy and exercising but I am someone who gains weight rather quickly so it was definitely a concern for me. Here 's a little back story:  I 've been on a few birth controls from ages 14-25. I initially began taking BC to help with my cramps. I decided to take a break after being on it for 10 years. In the past year, I have been experiencing excruciating cramps to the point where I was vomiting and calling out of work. I 'm a pain tolerant person but my cramps were unbearable on day 1 and 2.  I went to my gyno and she suggested I start birth control. Enter Lutera.The first week I was feeling slightly nauseous when I would first take Lutera. I decided to eat a large snack or small meal with it and that helped the nausea. I also noticed that I had awful mood swings for about 2 weeks. I would be laughing one minute and crying the next. I even called my gyno within the first week to see if I could switch birth controls, especially given the reviews I had read. She insisted that I stay on for at least one month, and if I still felt the same, we could switch it. I 'm glad I listened. The nausea and mood swings went away. I have not experienced any weight gain. I 've actually lost weight. As I mentioned before, I gain weight easily and fast so I am always mindful of what I 'm putting into my body. I haven 't experienced weight gain but I also try to eat well and exercise regularly {this is something we should all be doing anyway}. I haven 't experienced acne or depression or anxiety while on Lutera. My periods are shorter and much lighter {about 3-4 days vs 6-7} and my cramps are not nearly as bad as they were. The only thing I 've noticed on Lutera is that my boobs are pretty sensitive and my sex drive is slightly decreased but no more than what I had experienced on other BCs. I 'm writing this review because I was one of the people who read these reviews and was SCARED + STRESSED to try Lutera. I 'm glad that I listened to the medical professional who prescribed the BC {I voiced my concerns ahead of time} instead of listening to reviews online. I will also add that every body is different but I wanted to share my experience in hopes that it puts you at ease. I haven 't experienced the symptoms that many people discuss in the negative reviews. Again, we are all different so I can 't speak for everyone. I would imagine that medical history and your daily habits would have an effect on any medication you take. I would give it a try for AT LEAST a month and make an informed decision then.
Took this pill around 11 am and at 2 pm realized it wasn 't working so I took another one the day past and I had diarrhea a few times now it 's 8 in the morning and my stomach is hurting a lot. It does its job but the pain may not be worth it for some
I 've been on Lutera for around a year and I think it 's a great birth control. My periods are usually pretty light, but one thing I 've noticed is that I get brown discharge quite often (no I don 't have STD 's). My doctor told me that Lutera would be a better birth control for me because it has a lower dose of hormones than many other birth controls since I 've had bad experiences with others. I 've had no weight gain, and have actually lost around 40lbs since I switched from the Depo shot to Lutera. I recommend it!
I debated whether or not to take this drug because of the warning of potential c-diff infection. I had a root canal on a molar that left me in pain with swelling and numbness of my lip and chin. My Endodontist suspected infection so she prescribed penicillin. After a week of taking it there was no change so she prescribed Clindamyacin.I have been taking 300 mg. 3 times a day for 7 days now and thank God the worst side effect is fatigue and my stomach hurts....almost like a &quot;raw&quot; kind of feeling. No diarreah, or nausea !It seems to have taken the swelling down so hopefully the infection is on its way out.I will say that I have been diligent in taking 2 probiotics a day and I drink 8oz. of water with every dose!
Was also diagnosed with stage four colon cancer that had spread to my liver, was on heavy cancer meds for about 10 months and then they switched me to Erbitux which showed definite improvements. Do have the dry scaly face am using Queen Helene cocoa butter but not really pleased with it, skin still dry.
I am halfway through treatment for HPilori bacterial infection.  I haven 't experience side effects like some have mentioned because I was told to take PROBIOTICS while on this treatment to put good bacteria back in my system.  I had previously had treatment for another problem and took antibiotics but not a probiotic and had awful side effects that took time to clear up.  This time when I took probiotics with the BP Pac the results were excellent! I only have the acid taste in my mouth and feel a little tired but otherwise no other side effects.  Wonderful!!  The probiotic should be taken between the two doses and not with the dose.
Having been told over 12 yrs ago that I had ADHD I have tried several medicines. The main one I used is Adderall 30mg twice a day. This has proven very effective. Having tried both Provigil and Nuvigil both I believe Nuvigil to be the better of the two. None of the traditional side effects of speed and Nuvigil is very clean. So much so and I know this sounds goofy but you don 't even realize it 's working until you shake your head an realize how focused, alert and clear thinking you have been.
For me this is better than Paxil simply because I feel more alert and have more energy.
I just started this medication after using Lexapro for 18 months and it quit working. My doctors office had some samples of Brintellix and switched me over. Since I started this medication I have been so sleepy I can 't get off the couch. My mood/depression is much better but I can 't stand being tired all the time. I will give it another week, and if it does not get better I will call my doctor.
I 've been taking omeprazole for quite a time prior to being prescribed Plavix but NONE of the health professionals involved in my treatment have advised me to cease the Omeprazole even though it 's regarded as unwise to. This worries me and I have ceased of my own accord until I can access my GP!
Well, I am 24 hrs into the shot and so far (knock on wood) the only side effect is headaches (which I never have) but I can deal with that. My morning blood reading would normally be about 169 and I got up this morning and it was 75.   Just wondering how many days into it that the side effects (nausea &amp; vomiting) started with people that did experience these effects?  Will keep you posted after the week is up.....
I began to have breakouts after the mastectomies...had to take hormonal pills.  I tried so many things, went to dermotologist and tried stuff.  What really worked was a skin regimen and taking a low does antibiotic (doxycycline)  Then my daughter told me about Differin.  I have been on this for almost 3 months.  There has been some good clearing up, dry patches where the blemishes were.  My face is very oily and so this didn 't bother me.  I never moisturize because of the oil..all of them make my skin break out even more.  Expect to have some breakouts as you get used to this.  I am almost down to the wire, things are clearing up slowly but surely.  Medicare doesn 't not cover lots of meds like this so OTC
Invokana works best when you drink plenty of water to flush your system. It blocks extra sugar from being absorbed by your body and transfers it to your urine, So, you basically urinate out the extra sugars in your blood.  It 's also a smart drug, so it will stop being as effective when you are close to normal levels. So you won 't drop too low. If you are having a problem with yeast infections, you have to stop eating sugars and carbs. I also highly recommend using virgin coconut oil to treat the yeast infections.  Please try this drug, it really works!
This medication does keep my hypertension under control and also seems to effect my heart rate by lowering it by an average of 15--20 bpm. I  take other medications that tend to raise my heart rate, so this medication is useful for me, in that regard. I have found that this medication is very sensitive to dosing propery. I have found that if I miss only a couple of doses, my blood pressure and heart rate start to increase.
It 's so hard to review BC because it 's different for every woman. But my experience with the ring was just okay. I was on it for a year. Didn 't effect acne or my sex drive. Losing weight was extra difficult. I got BAD headaches and the worst cramps I 've ever had. However, my period was very predictable and only lasted about 2 days.  It was nice to not have to think about taking a pill everyday. Left it in during sex and no problems. For me, though, the cons outweighed the pros. Plus, depending on your insurance, it 's very expensive.
Only on day 3, but so far so good. I read up on this drug, and was particularly alarmed by the comments I found on this site. Almost scared me out of even trying it. I just want to say that so far I have had no side effects, and am hopeful. I 've been on traditional SSRIs for years, to limited benefit. My psychiatrist and I weighed the options and decided to give it a shot. I had a good day today 
I 've been on Niaspan for about 2 months, and its has been like a miracle medicine for my condition. I suffer with ulcers really bad on my fingers. Before starting the Niaspan I had ulcers on every finger on both hands (very, very, painful), was on pain medicines constantly, however I 'm now off the pain medicines since last week, ulcers are drying up tremendously. The flushing is awful, the burning, and itching is hard to describe. I called my doctor and he said we can try something else, but this is working and I 'm trying to hang with it. 
Been using the fentanyl patch for about 6 yrs. now using 2 100mcg patches every 48 hrs. Using 72 hrs, the pain would come back with withdrawal symptoms. The major problem was getting it to stay on, but covering it with a TegaDerm took care of most of that issue. It works for pain better than oral medicines and you don 't have to go through the trouble of swallowing pills all the time, just apply and forget it for a couple of days. I would recommend this as a good alternative to pills.
I can 't get this new   bottle open!!! Are they kidding?  I hurt my hand trying to do it.  Who came up with this??? I 'm going to return to Walgreens and go buy generic brand at Walmart.
I 've been on this pill for about 3 weeks.  I think it 's working, not pregnant yet. It has made my breast a little tender, but no size increase. I started to break out on my face, no cramping, dryness around the vagina, no sex drive at all.
The medication was prescribed to help with very heavy, unpredictable, long periods associated with my being in perimenopause. First couple months virtually no period to speak of but 5-7 days of mid-cycle breakthrough bleeding..not spotting. Enough to feel like a light period. By third month, no breakthrough bleeding or even a period. This has been a huge relief for me. Seems to have helped alleviate some mood swings and irritability also. For users unhappy with this pill in the first few months, I would encourage you to give it a bit of time. I was not thrilled with it at first but am very happy with it now. My Insurance doesn 't cover it (bummer), but the drug company offers a discount card which I received from my nurse practitioner.
I was instructed to take the doses at 2pm and 7pm on the day before my colonoscopy. I was able to drink the dose fairly quickly. This was followed by 32 additional ounces of water. Avoid breathing from your nose while drinking it because the salty black cherry flavor is not great. I had some bloating, nausea, and mild chills. It took about 2 hours for the medication to kick in. I stayed in the bathroom for a little over an hour, then the bowel movements slowed down. At 7pm, it was time for the second dose. It was definitely harder to drink and the last few sips were nauseating. This dose worked very quickly (15min) and within a few hours the bowel movements slowed down. By 10pm, I was pretty much cleaned out. Keep drinking fluids!
I started this medication due to depression and uncontrollable panic attacks and anxiety. I started on 10mg and had very bad nausea, very tired and no appetite. The first two weeks were the same but the definitely by the 3rd week I could feel by body calming down and was quite pleased. Unfortunately, I started having awful tingling and burning in my arms, mostly the left. Now I have titrated off and now on Effexor, but I am still having the burning and tingling in the arm but have had only 1 panic attack. The first two weeks are hard but hang in there. It will be worth it!!!! I wanted to give up as well but I had to think about my family and that pushed me through. I 'm not 100% but I can drive and socialize now without getting as panicked.
I like microgestin. No side effects for me personally. Also my insurance covers it so it 's free. I recommend.
Asacol has worked perfectly for me.I was diagnosed with moderate ulcerative colitis, started taking asacol (along with enemas, for about 2 months), now I 'm completely off the enemas and still taking the asacol tablets twice a day at 4 pills per time ( 8 per day). It has been about four months since I 've had any sign of my colitis, and I intend to keep taking asacol. I am reducing my dose to 6 pills per day for the next month or two, then I 'll go down to 4 pills per day and see if that dosage will keep it away.I am very pleased with this drug. 
I used to be on 20mg Aropax for 7 years for my Borderline personality Disorder, Social Anxiety, Anxiety and Depression. I use to self harm and not be happy. I was always hospitalised and going down a destructive road. Other medicines made me worse like cipramil, Zoloft and Valium. Aropax did not make me 100% cured but help me deal with everyday issues better I still find that you need to practise mindfulness techniques and practice Cognitive Behaviour Therapy. This drug is only if you have severe depression and anxiety and find it difficult to use standard coping skills. I was off Aropax for 3 years and coping well now I have had a relapse and anxiety worse than ever. I am now back on it for 3 days hopefully it will work soon.
I am a type l diabetic 45yrs of age. I have been on Synthroid for several years (now about 13) since I became a diabetic. I had a hysterectomy two years ago. I have been on Vivelle patches, Estradol, Premarin and for the longest Enjuvia and just recently changed to Estragel. For the last six months I have been experiencing lifeless hair, breaking off. I have never experienced anything like this. I am very frustrated.
I 've been on Topamax since 2010. I started taking 50 mg but I was given the generic and had a really bad allergic reaction to it. My skin broke out and I had to see a dermatologist. I was eventually given Topamax (the brand name) and I no longer had the allergic reaction.  The 50 mg wasn 't strong enough and eventually I ramped up to 200 mg. I had weight loss in the beginning (close to 90 lbs, which I could afford). I 've gained about 20 of it back but I 've not lost any since. I do feel that I get somewhat spacey and suffer from some memory loss.  I 've asked my doctor if I can come off of the medication beginning next year. I 've been on it too long and I am concerned with the memory side effects.
I have been on Asacol for 7 years and have only minor flare ups. I have had 3 &quot;flares&quot; in 7 years so I am a fan of Asacol. I take the max dose of 12 per day. I also have colitis. Thanks to insurance my cost is ONLY $200 a month.
I can almost eat/drink normally now that I 'm on Carafate Suspension 4x per day. I only have a flare up 1-2x per month now, mainly when I 've been eating poorly or have come into contact with bacteria, etc. I take it in conjunction with Nexium &amp; Librax because I have acid reflux, bile reflux, irritable bowel syndrome and GERD.
I have anxiety and did not realise till I took only a 1/4 of my 25ml tab how much it was effecting me. Today I have felt more able and productive and had a day without anxiety feels amazing. I did have at least 2 memorable dreams that night. I have noticed a slight dry mouth and eyes. This being said I do have ckd and will be going back to docs to make sure kidneys are not being affected and also to ask for the liquid version of this as the other ingredients list more to my preference.... no colour additives from what I 've read.
Removed my mania symptoms and I 've never felt like I 'm going back to the highs. Helped with depression but this is along side vigorous exercise. Take it at night 250mg and I sleep all night. Unfortunately the biggest side effect I have is extreme tiredness the next morning and it can last a few hours. It feels like a minor hangover each day.
I 've been on this for two weeks. I went to my doctor because I was experiencing anxiety and worry way to often, for too long. I tried to manage it on my own, but the feelings persisted. I made an appointment for a psych, but the wait was three months. I assumed I had to go to a psych for medication management but a friend told me my doctor could prescribe something.  My doctor gave me a script for 7.5 mg twice a day. Soon after, the constant knot in my stomach and consistent worry subsided. I see that people say it takes a while for this to work, but I feel like I had pretty quick results. I have had no side effects on this med thus far.
Hi I got the implanon 4 weeks ago and I got my period in the 3rd week. My period was really light and very very minimal cramping
Cymbalta seems to really help with my low back pain &amp; feet &amp; legs neuropathy.
Zyprexa changed my life.  Before the medication I was suicidal, I had a very difficult time with everyday life.  I was tearing my family apart.  I was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder in December 2002. My life has been much more stable, my relationships with family members has improved dramatically.
Have had severe acne for a long time and worked very well to clear up acne entirely with a few months. Unfortunately as soon as I go off of it, the acne slowly comes back. Still works amazing while on it though.
I started Metformin 500 mg. 2 weeks ago and started .6 of Victoza 9 days later. My doctor gave me enough meds (Victoza) for 4 months! I 've dropped 12lbs but I feel horrible.  Fatigue,  nauseated and can 't even stand the smell of food.  My fasting numbers were 270 's and now they 're low 140 's and 130 's.  I hope the horrible side effects resolve so these numbers will stabilize and I can drop at least  30 more pounds!
I have polycystic ovarian syndrome. I have been using Depo since I was 15, and I am 17 now. Even when I took the pill (which regulated my periods), my periods were abnormally heavy and I did not want to deal with it. I like using Depo a lot. I have taken a bone density test about 3-6 months ago and my bones were great; you just have to make sure you are taking calcium and vitamin D. The only negative side of using Depo for me are the mood swings that happen after I get the shot and last for about a week or two. I don 't get any other PMS symptoms and I have NEVER spotted. ALTHOUGH this is important: DO NOT be late on taking your shot! I did that ONCE and I had my period.
Day five of the medication and it appears to be healing my &quot;chronic&quot; sinus infection.  Have much of the same mild side effects such as diarrhea, restlessness and dizziness.  After a round of amoxicillin and a round of Augmentin to no avail, I feel I am geting the treatment that is necessary.
I have had Crohn 's disease for 19 years and have been on many different medications. I have been hospitalized 6 times, where they shut down the colon to leave it to rest (no surgeries).  I have taken Imuran for 7 years and until last month have only had 4 flareups to account for, my doctors put me on a steroid  (not something that you want to take a lot of). For me this is usually about a 2-3 month process.  Unfortunately, my thyroid has gone from hypo to hyper and my Crohn 's disease and blood pressure is out of control.  So my doctors have suggested I try Remicade...I have just had my second infusion, still taking Imuran, and 30mg of steroid, hoping to see some results soon.
I am 30 yrs old and had a T-test done because I have had the following problems; I had gotten more cranky than normal, had been on medicines for depression for about 3 yrs with not much success, was tired or worn out, hot flashes or something similar to them, low sex drive. Anyways got my results back and my level was only 84. I could not believe that at only 30 I was having to deal with this. Been taking this for a week and can already tell a big difference. It smells like hand sanitizer and goes away quick, easy to use but expensive. I will update as I progress.
I am on day 4 still waiting for complete relief. Have been ill.  Have suffered both constipation and diarrhea, but mostly, still have sinus and headaches.
I had been on Keppra, and Vimpat  100mg twice a day,  and it controlled my seizures well for about a year.  I then started having seizures, Then the doctors increased the dosage to 175mg twice a day, and Keppra EX 1500 mg at bed time. I became like a zombie, dizzy, fell twice and bruised my head. I attributed the symptoms, to Overdose of Vimpat at one time.  I started cutting the Vimpat pills 175mg in half, and spacing them six hours apart and now I am active,  no dizziness, no falling. So far, I have not had my hair fall out as others have reported. I called the doctors to tell him the above, but he 's on vacation,  I  can 't find anything on cutting the pills,  and spreading the dosage as I have done.
I have been on Celexa for about two months now and the first two days I had insomnia really bad, but then it got better as time went on. My depression is somewhat balanced, but I do have continued anxiety and stress. I went to my Doctor 's today and had my weight checked and in less than a month I have gained 12 lbs; I was shocked! I was told it could be from the Celexa, so now I 'm slowly weaning myself off of that as I try my new medication; Wellbutrin. All in all, Celexa is good, and if it weren 't for the weight gain I would have stayed on it. Everybody 's body is different and it just wasn 't the right medication for me.
I have severe insomnia. I have gone 4 days at a time with no sleep at all. I have also experienced hallucinations when I go 3 to 4 days without a wink of sleep. I have tried Ambien without even a yawn. Restoril gave me bad nightmares, I would awaken by throwing myself out of bed. I have just started taking Trazodone 50mg (3days now) and it knocks me out. It is the first time in years that I have slept through the night. However I am experiencing side effects when I awaken that are lasting throughout the day. Headaches, neck ache and weak, rubbery legs. If the side effects do go away I would give it a 10.
This is the 2nd time I 've taken Chantix.  I have learned a few things to watch for this time.  First, you MUST EAT when you take the medication.  If you don 't eat, you will get sick.  Second, is that the dreams are so strange.  They aren 't scary but they are vivid and odd.  This medication has worked well for me.  Stay on the medicine the full 90 days.  I quit smoking at day 10 both times.  Do remember that this drug doesn 't work the same for everyone so be careful.
Definitely helps with nasal allergy symptoms but the side effects are not worth it. Thankful to googling &amp; finding this site because I thought I 'ld have to take myself to the ER. Jittery, rapid heartbeat, anxiety either from Claritin or from worrying about the jittery uneasy feelings. Thanks to everyone who has shared here. I think I 'll just suffer my allergy symptoms naturally.
Sominex is a great night time sleep aide. One of the less costly options.
After several bouts with diverticulitis (at age 43) a colonoscopy was ordered. I 've drank Barium before and it 's much worse. The taste is like overly salted salt water with aluminum, windex and cherry flavored cough syrup. I recommend chilling the solution and keeping a hard candy in your mouth while sipping lemon water or sprite.My belly was very swollen and distended and had a brutal headache- That could be from clear liquid only diet for the last 48 hours.Suprep started clearing out after about 30 minutes. Still waiting for the second dose at 3am. Make your restroom comfy- blanket (as I had severe chills) step stool for your feet and laptop/tablet to bide your time. I tried to get up and lay in bed, but there 's nowarning- stay in there
I have had RLS for 25 years, and within the past two years has gotten much more uncontrollable.  Ten years ago I took Requip for awhile, but the drowsiness during the day was a bother, and the RLS wasn 't much improved.  Last month I started on Mirapex and the relief from RLS was almost immediate.  I 'm currently taking .250 mg. two hours before bedtime.  The only bothersome side effect has been some increased urination urges during the night.  I haven 't noticed any problems with dizziness but I do have occasional Benign Positional Vertigo anyway, so it certainly isn 't any worse.  Overall, I would say Mirapex has done the trick.
I 'm 32 and i 've had crohns now for 14 years. Remicade was a god send but only for a limited time. I started off like everyone else with i. V every 8 weeks. Then after a couple of years it was wearing off faster so then every 6 weeks. Then every 4 weeks then it was back on the steroids along with the 4 week treatment. Well after 6-7 years on remicade it wasn 't working anymore. I do recommend it because I would give anything right now to get those 6 years back because even though I was became immune to it I felt 20 times better then compared to now. Since the remicade nothing has worked for me since.
I really wish the Mirena worked for me because I loved it... for a while. My body just plain didn 't like it. I had it for a year and the last 4 months were horrible. I had about 12 yeast and bacteria infections that my doctor had no explanation for (I had never had them before). At a follow up ultrasound due to ovarian cysts they noticed my Mirena had become displaced and decided to remove it. PAINFUL in one word- because it had become implanted in my cervix.  After it was removed the infections stopped miraculously. I really, really wish my body had accepted the Mirena because I liked the worry-free birth control it offered. I will definitely try it again after I have kids and hopefully these problems wont happen again.
I have bacterial pneumonia with 2 spots on my lungs after the flu. Not much nasal involvement. Bad headache, body ache, fever and chills. Deep dry cough. Started Levaguin  by IV at the ER but within an hour I got hives on mouth and neck and slightly itchy all over, then 3 bouts of projectile vomiting.  Then tried Clavimycin but developed hives  after 2 days. Both meds helped me feel better and headache &amp; fever went away.  Now on amoxicillin-clav 875, twice a day. Symptoms are very slowly improving. Only a bit of loose stool. Probiotics and bland diet help.
My 15 yr old son had moderate acne, mainly forehead, neck, and around his mouth. The dermatologist prescribed Atralin, as well as minocycline.  These are working, but it really took awhile to see the results, about 3 1/2 months! It 's not totally cleared, but looks much less inflamed, and he doesn 't have as many breakouts.  He also is a major athlete, so perspiration plays a big part too I 'm sure!  So my advice is be very patient, and give the medicine a good amount of time, it also does get a little worse before it gets better!
Combined with Cipro, it appears to be an effective treatment.  The unpleasant taste of the pill makes one apprehensive.
i find klonopin very usefull.it helps me feel less anxious then any med ive ever been on.i recommend it highly.only one thing of it bothers me and its the drowsiness.
Diarrhea after 3 hours of taking it. Bad nausea for quite awhile along with general feeling of being run down. It was hard to eat. I did keep it down. It was 1000mg.
At first it did not help with my pain. I have what is called DJD a condition that effects all of joints and is very painful but after it built up in my system I can move a lot more freely with not as much pain. Give it time it will help trust me.
Finishing up my second pack in the next couple of days... I take it at 9am everyday. I was pleasantly surprised to not have any major side effects after reading these reviews. I have experienced absolutely zero change in complexion, weight, mood, appetite, no irregular bleeding, etc. My period did not get any lighter or heavier- I was kind of hoping it would become lighter. The pill works perfectly- my period comes on the 5th day of the sugar pills, which is nice because they used to be very irregular and spaced out. My only complaint is there has been a definite decrease in my sex drive- so I 'm unsure if I want to continue taking it. Everyone 's body reacts differently to medications so don 't let the reviews scare you.
I got the nexplanon in late novermber or early December 2016 and so far so good. I haven 't had terrible mood swings and when I feel sad or moody I just remind myself that it 's the hormones and it 's really nothing I can 't handle. I haven 't felt abnormally sluggish nor have I had a decrease in sexual desire. I have actually lost weight since I have been on the nexplanon and haven 't had any issues with acne. The only problem I 've had is the bleeding. It 's been almost 2 months and I haven 't stopped bleeding and it 's not a whole lot but it 's just irritating. That alone isn 't enough to make me want to get off of this form of birth control so I think I 'm going to stick with it. Also, this was 100% covered by my insurance. I definitely recommend it
Have been on it for 10 years and have had some activity but no major episodes. Downside:  long term anemia and resulted in avasular necrosis and had to have my hip replaced
I am so glad I found this post.  I was reading all the comments as I was sipping this crap down.  It is absolutely horrible and disgusting.  The worst thing I EVER put into my mouth.  I poured the solution into a 32oz plastic drink container I had in the house and put ice in it and emptied bottled water that was really cold.   As I was drinking (sipping) it, I kept adding more bottled water to continue diluting it.  All in all, I poured 5 bottled watered into the cup and drank it all down.  Now I am waiting, so far, it is about 30 minutes and I feel some discomfort, but not bad.
Okay so I got nexplanon September of 2015 2m pp I was breastfeeding at the time. Got my period for a week after insertion then nothing at all. Well then I get my period in mid May lasts for two weeks goes away for four days then bam started all over again. I have no other side effects except bleeding &amp; it 's getting on my last nerve. Im embarrassed to have sex with the guy I 've been talking to because it will not stop. Before I got pregnant it was bad enough they always lasted for a week straight but this? I don 't think I can handle it. I 've ruined so many pairs of panties because of this. I 'm over it. This will be month 8 of having it &amp; ive loved it up until now.
I was on Seroquel for 7 years when I had to start trialling something else due to weight gain. I was taking Saphris 3 weeks and I had a severe allergic reaction. Saphris was changing my life for the better and so I 'm sad that I can 't take it anymore. I had motivation, great memory &amp; concentration, positive thoughts, ability to plan &amp; function highly and loads of energy. I can 't take the tablets anymore, but i 'm going to miss how good they made me feel. Now I 'm looking into Zeldox or Latuda. I definitely need an antipsychotic for my Bipolar.
I 've tried many birth controls in the past few years and after taking microgestin for about a year now I can definitely say it is one of the better brands I have used. After reading other reviews I am glad to know that I am not the only one who has experienced extremely light periods and dryness during intercourse. For me, my last period didn 't even come. While some might see no periods as a dream come true, personally it can really worried me. Despite using the pill consistently, I ended up taking a pregnancy test to put my mind at ease, but going forward I might consider switching again just so I can get that little extra reassurance. However all other side effects on this medication have been very minimal for me!
I 've been on saxenda since Nov 14.I am pretty proud of myself and I 've lost 5 lbs. so far.Since starting on saxenda I have been trying to exercise more.  I am a caretaker for my husband so I really have not been able to go to the wellness center 3 times a week to work out.  Maybe 2 times so far and right now I 'm dealing with recovering from surgery myself.  I 'm eating better but haven 't gotten completely on a regular diet regimen.  I try not to stress about it and take it a day at a time. At least I 'm losing and not gaining.
It has really helped my condition. I used to have sudden jerks and involuntary leg movements until my Doctor prescribed them to me.
16 years of bipolar1 all symptoms extremely difficult. Latter years mania faded to a all consuming depression.I fought it refusing to take antidepressants.it was to dark I gave in and tried Seroquel.it helped then I tried Latuda 20mg. helped immediately then to 40mg where I have been for 2 years,Thank and Praise God!!!
Ok, so I have been on the NuvaRing for quite some time. I tried pills, which I did not like because I could never take them consistently. I then tried the Depo shot, which I had an adverse reaction to. After this, I then tried the NuvaRing. My reaction to it was that I loved it. It 's so easy to use, and I didn 't have to worry about forgetting to take a pill. From my experience, I have never had any reactions to the ring....or so I thought. Reading through different threads I now have come to believe that the NuvaRing has diminished my sex drive. This is something I want back, so I will be talking to my doctor very soon.
My son took this for a couple of years.  At first it was very effective, and I was excited to have a non-stimulant medication to treat his ADHD.  It did make him sleepy, and that was problematic, and then its effectiveness wore off.  
I was prescribed this drug for help with muscle spasms resulting from a problem in my neck. The associated pain was extreme and occasionally paralyzing. Combined with naproxen it was effective at reducing the pain and allowing me to sleep. In 6 months I have used precisely twelve 10mg doses out of a prescription of 30. Two initially to help control the spasms with occasional maintenance doses when I felt that a problem was imminent. I will not take this during the day because it promotes sleep and would affect my ability to drive. The only other side effect is a loose stool the following day, but it is mild.
My mouth and teeth hurts so bad. I am on 70 mg I ask the  doctor he did not know and my dentist he didn 't know. At bedtime I Am Still In Pain
It has been a big improvement.  It is NOT perfect but it has beenso much better.    I went down to the  72mg and I do not take it every day.  The pain level during a constipation attack  has gone from a 10 down to a 3 or 4Prior to Linzess sometimes my attack would go on for 2 daysnow at most it is a few hoursSometimes I will get an unbelievable diarrhea  attack  from the medication  so I have to stay home for a few hours after I take a capsule.  I try not to make any morning appointments and if I do I just do not take the medication
I have been on Aviane for about 3 weeks and the longer I 've been taking it the less I notice certain side effects. The very first week was Hell. I had the worst mood swings of my life. I was contemplating switching but held on and powered through and now I haven 't experienced them! The one thing that I complain about now is that my breasts are VERY tender and I 've been a little bit more sleepy
I had a small cut under my left eye around my birthday (Dec 10th) which then progressed into a full blown swollen eye, it was so bad that I was up all night crying.  And not mostly because people stared at me, or didn 't want to get &quot;infected&quot; by being too close.  My initial diagnosis was celulitis and that was an infection so I was not prescribed this medication yet.  It kept getting worse, and soon spread to the other eye.  I went to the Ophthalmologist and me gave me a steroidal eye cream after re-diagosing me with Contact dermatitis. It was hell for 3 full weeks. I went back to the doctor, this is now going on 2 months. She gave me this medication and in 1 day I could notice a difference. BUT the pills taste AWFUL like chewing aspirin.
The flu hit me out of no where but I knew what it was so I went straight to my doctor within 24 hours after experiencing symptoms. Since I caught it early, my doctor prescribed me Tamiflu. I started it right away and the first dose made me so nauseous, dizzy, and I experienced vertigo. I was considering stopping it but I had heard great reviews about it; I also had taken the first dose on an empty stomach. For the next couple of doses I made sure to eat something before taking Tamiflu. From doing this, I had no nausea or dizziness. It could be a coincidence but I think it really made a difference. It definitely shortened the duration of my flu.
I started out Valium for about 20 years 10 mg x 4 a day. Used for anxiety and sleep. It worked was a comfort to know most of the time used 2 per day so I always had extra. I think knowing I had extras help almost as much. Then Dr changed prescription to alprazolam 2 mg tablets 4 times a day, some heavy difference, at first it worked well . In the beginning I felt it 30 minutes after I took it and only needed 2 per day, now I 'm at 4 per day that 's 8 mgs and I don 't feel it , I don 't know about withdrawals but I hear it 's pretty hard to get off and I 've been on them for 30 years. Not sure what to expect but think I would feel more alert and energetic too
I have been on numerous pain medicines due to severe case of Crohn 's disease. At 1st, I wasn 't sure about this medicine but after taking it for a while, it has truly been a lifesaver for me. I like the fact its a non-narcotic medicine. I also suffer from problems with my sciatic nerve and it has made all the difference in the world.  Very inexpensive with my insurance and even very affordable without insurance.  Only thing I don 't care about is the drowsiness, but you have to consider all the pain I have been through, a little drowsiness is something I can handle. I am so glad that the Dr gave me this to try.
I 've been on just about every antidepressant on the market and my doctor and I decided to try adjunct therapy with Seroquel to &quot;boost&quot; the effect of the Brintellix I take. I was really pleased to find it has a significant effect on my anxiety, which has always been a major component of my depression. While it didn 't get rid of my depression, I feel better overall than I have in ages. Downsides? It 's expensive if you don 't have good insurance. I get a 90-day supply for $80. It also will knock you the heck out. I have to take mine before 6 p.m. or I will have great difficulty in waking up (even with an alarm). It has a heavy sedating effect.
I 've been taking  phentermine for almost 5 days and I 've lost 7 lbs so far. I also take topiramate but that is for sleep apnea and my migraines. I 've been eating only good things and only drank water. I find it extremely hard to eat over 1000 calories because I get full so fast. I have had so hallucinations and blurry visions as well as stomach pains. But other than that it 's been going great!
I didn 't have many problems  with Lamictal XR .  Just sleep problems for about 3 or 4 days and then I adjusted.  Constipation also plagued me.  I had a breakthrough partial seizure and doc changed from 100mg to 150mg. Now I am having a lot of problems.  My sleep is really disturbed, really bad dreams and panic attacks waking me up while sleeping.  Wish he could put me at 125mg.  Will have to check with him and see if that will keep seizures at bay. I have been a week and one half without a seizure.
I started taking this birth control 6 months ago. I had some initial spotting which later turned into bleeding throughout my 3rd and 4th weeks. Every month. Every month I was bleeding for 2 weeks. I thought it would go away after the 3rd month, because that 's what the general consensus was on the internet, but it didn 't, so I 'm not switching to a high dose pill. However, other than the annoyance of having to constantly buy tampons, I had no other side effects. No acne, no moodiness, no weight gain (I actually ended up going from 117 to 111 while on the pill for those of you who might be worried about weight gain as much as I was), no breast tenderness, or any substantial change in sex drive. I wish I didn 't have to switch.
I want to share my experience because I was terrified when I first started Pristiq. It was the first time I 'd taken an antidepressant following a severe depressive episode. I read so many negative things about Pristiq and people over analysing it. It took 6 weeks to work and yes I had dry mouth, headaches and nausea but they passed after a few days. The anxiety went away gradually and I felt like I could control it again. The depression lifted too and I could function. I went cold turkey to come off it (Dr supervised) and yep side effects but no big deal. The brain zaps were full on but they lasted about 4 days. I feel great. Of course I 'm doing lots of exercise and eating well too...but Pristiq helped.
It works rather well but puts me to sleep for about 3 hours. I am still trying to find a migraine drug that does not put me to sleep. 
I think zoloft for me is great. The only downfall i have with it was headaches. They started right when I began taking zoloft daily. They were intense and hurt like hell. Lasted about 2 weeks. Then bam they were gone. I took it at night before bed. I thought they made me tired. Since I 've been on it , I 've lost about 20lbs. I don 't have the munchies at all &amp; honestly I have to tell myself to eat because it curbs my appetite. I don 't feel bloated like I did on Lexapro that 's why I switched. Zoloft really works for me and I 'm on a low dose. Headaches suck the first few weeks but what a difference from lexapro. Everyone 's different.
I 've been taking fluoxetine for at least 18 months now for severe depression. I couldn 't sleep or eat even getting out of bed to open the curtains was difficult for me. My GP put me on 40mg a day and did I notice a change in myself - not only happy but motivated and hold a job down a year later. I 'm on 20mg now and still have my bad days. Boy do I notice it if I miss a day. It was the best thing I could have done and I swear by it.
Wonder Drug
Better than a lot of other ADHD medications. Helped me lose 5-10lbs in only a month, but my weight remained the same for a while then went back up to original weight, probably because of starting other medications. Been on it for 8 months, and it has helped with reading and impulsivity related to ADHD, but does not give a boost of energy and productivity like Dexedrine or Vyvanse does.
I had occipital nerve damage with pressure in my inner ear. Pressure is gradually lowered enabling me to exert myself for about 4 hours but exhausted. I now take 225 mg twice daily and cannot miss one dose. Nothing else worked. I took up to 600 mg but found no difference in relief so I am on the 225 twice daily. This is one medication that does not mix well with alcohol. It induces a coma like state that lasts for 30 minutes and longer. I was drinking beer and only had 3 beers in 2 hours. Then BOOM goes the dynamite! But am aware of everything going around me but can 't move or respond. When it 's over, it 's over and I am vertical again. So now I know why the ad states avoid alcohol!
I have been experiencing the dry eye &amp; red eye problems for about 2yrs. I finally this year decided to go to a real eye specialist. They called in a prescription for Xiidra using a 90 day free coupon (happy) without using my health insurance as they would not cover it. I 'm glad to try something else besides clear eyes and or artificial drops. I use to where contacts for about 15 years and had to stop because of the dry eye problems.  Anyway I have been using Xiidra now for about 1 month and I must say the results is good. The only side effects I 'm having is the bad bitter taste, very light headaches periodically &amp; very mild cough here &amp; there, nothing major. I go back to see my eye specialist in July for a follow up.
I took 3 tbsp and it worked like crazy within 2 hours for me. So far I have been back and forth in the bathroom for 7 times. I drank some more water after the 5th time and it made me run back twice more. If I ever have to use it again, I will only take 1tbsp.
I have been taking Nuvigil for over a year. It has been a great thing for me. I was starting to be afraid to drive, even in the morning after a good night sleep. My doctor helped me by prescribing the 250 mg and I split them.  I keep myself able to manage with the 125 mg by only taking it the days that I work, and skipping one day midweek that I schedule heavily with more physical stuff to keep me alert. I also notice anxiety building if I take it daily for several weeks, or don 't get enough sleep while I am taking it.
dexamethasone for Inflammatory Conditions: As one of the previous participants stated it did wonders, however first week experienced extreme pain and then to have metallic mouth - everything tastes bad otherwise not experiencing what others seem to be.  Don 't know if I would want this shot again - it 's been 2 weeks and the metallic mouth seems to be getting worse - hopefully it won 't last much longer
I started this medication because I have struggled with depression, anxiety, and panic attacks.  I have been put on random depression meds since I was 14 years old and am now 24.  I 've tried lexapro, welbutrin, and a bunch of other stuff.  I never really saw improvement as a teenager on these drugs, but it could have been my hormones at the time.  I tried prosac at 23 years old and it seemed to make a real difference for me.  I think I started to feel the difference within the first week, but that might have been a placebo affect.  After at least 2-3 weeks is when I think it really started to work and I could feel a difference.  My anxiety levels started to drop pretty drastically and I was no longer afraid of things like the dark.
This recently became over counter here so I thought I 'd give it a go. I have suffered rosacea badly for near on 10yrs, as did my mother from her late 20 's into her mid 50 's. Nothing I have tried before has worked.This is day 4, and already my bumps are gone, my redness has reduced and my skin feels smooth, not dry and flaky. Only negative so far is it makes me itch and my skin feel tight for about half hr after application. My usual unscented baby sorbolene seems to help with that though.So far so good, hoping to see big results.
After having an IUD my Dr gave me this to try.  Periods were very light.  No cramping or pimples.  Didn 't care for the aftertaste of chewing the pills so I just swallowed them.  Every time I refilled my Rx there were problems getting my insurance to work.  They were able to cover it for a while, but now my insurance won 't cover it at all.  At over $150/month, I will be finding another medication.
I was lulled into a false sense about this drug by my doctor and reviews which said it would work over several days and help me have a natural bowel movement. This is not my current experience.I haven 't had a real bowel movement in 9 days, which is the first time in my life this has happened. I have some health issues and have been eating 400-600 calories per day.I took the miralax at 7pm assuming nothing would happen for a few days. At 9:15 abdominal pain, cramping, running to the bathroom. Sweating bullets through my clothes and feeling incredibly nauseous, it took a while but it started working. Almost 2 hours later I am hoping the worst is over.It was effective because it is working, but be aware it CAN work fast and feel terrible
I have mild allergic nasal inflammation with nighttime terbinate hypertrophy. I was afraid to even try nose spray this after reading a couple of less than good opinions. I 'm very satisfied with Dymista. I have very mild allergic inflammation. I had terbinate reduction back in 2009 and was very satisfied with the procedure for a couple of years.  As warned my terbinate night time swelling gradually returned and had a very negative impact on the quality of my sleep.  For at least a year, I haven 't had a nights sleep without waking 4 to 6 times a night rarely achieving REM sleep. Dymista has improved the quality of my sleep immediately.
Before Savella:  Could hardly walk, ached all over, exhausted all the time, sore hands etc, muscle spasms/contractions, jaw/ear pain. After:  muscled contractions/spasms across my abdomen the first two days, really bad; however, no fibromyalgia pain at all.  I am on the full dose now. I take a Lexapro in the morning for depression, I take my Savella about an hour later. At bedtime, I take the other Savella. I love it.  I would say I feel 85% better most of the time, and have felt 100% better a few days in a row.
I have been on 15mg methotrexate for one year for psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. My psoriasis was mild to moderate and is a little better but I was in a lot of pain from the arthritis and this medicine has helped me so much. I would say my pain went from a 9 to a 3 on a scale of  1- 10. Only side effect is stomach upset and I am considering switching to injections.
I have a crushed unhealed ankle for nine and half years. I feel everything in my bones. I 've taken morphine sulfate all this time because it 's the only thing that works. Everything else makes me dizzy.
I have been on this pill for 3 years now and overall I have had a great experience with it. I have not experienced any odd side effects however I am a little disappointed it did not help with my back acne. Other than that though, I would recommend this pill. My period only lasts about 3 days and my cramps have subsided considerably.
I have been taking Risperidone for over four years now. I felt great the first year but had to constantly have my dosage increased. I don 't like some of the side effects (anxiety, difficulty concentrating, weight gain, faster heart rate, flu-like symptoms) but have learned to deal with them. Once you start to gain weight it is virtually impossible to lose the weight as I have tried everything. It seems you peak at a certain level.
A few of my friends and I who are on it (we work in a hospital and all started taking it) plateaued at 25-27 lbs. So, a couple of us stopped taking it, maintained what we lost, and are going to start it again. The reason is that the longer we were on it, the less we felt that &quot;I 'm hungry but nothing sounds good&quot; feeling that curbed our appetites. Will go back on soon. I went from 314 lbs to 288 lbs - maintaining about 291.
Got Skyla two months ago. Insertion was super painful but quick. I was able to drive and go back to work after with minor discomfort. Since insertion no serious cramping but the spotting is nonstop. SO annoying. Its not enough for a pad but it will ruin your undies. I 'm not sexually active at the moment so I didn 't have to worry about that but your man will probably be grossed out for a while because the constant blood and discharge smells. I never feel fresh which is enough of a side effect to be turning me off. I 'm hoping this subsides as I hear it does after about 3 months. I will say that my mood swings seem WAY better. I 've always struggled with acne so that hasn 't improved but hasn 't significantly worsened so that seems like a wash.
I have started Belviq a couple days ago and so far so good. I noticed it gives me so much energy that I didn 't have before and I don 't think about food as much. Also it is curbing my appetite and it 's keeping me from overeating. So far so good and only side effect is getting chills.
I have been on Victoza for a week (0.6) and have already lost 6 pounds (started at 280). I feel full ALL the time. I have to make myself eat meals (especially lunch and dinner), and I am eating much less than before. I have noticed headaches too, but I am not sure if it is due to not eating. I am also still on Metformin (1000mg/2x day). My blood sugars are dropping (170s fasting).
I have been taking this for 3 days now.  It has been helping me cut back tremendously.  On a side note it has made me feel irritable during the day and I have had crazy dreams during the night.  Nothing I can 't deal with so I am going to continue taking it.
I 'm male, 54 years old and weigh about 180 LBS. The first time I tried Wellbutrin, it was 150mg twice a day. It was too much for me. Side effects: Jitters, hyperactive, constant bouncing of knee when sitting, clenching teeth, weight loss, tinnitus, insomnia, dull headache in back of head.I decided to quit Wellbutrin but recently resumed using it. I only take 75mg in the morning (5 AM) then 75mg at 11 AM. They are the &quot;SR&quot; type. I will continue using this dose until my body adjusts and then I may up the dose to 150 twice a day.For me, starting at 300mg a day was far too much. I believe starting lower, I will be able to remain on this.
I have PCOS and was struggling to conceive because of my irregular periods. My Gyno/OB started me on Metformin 500mg. However, he told me to start slowly taking one tablet in the morning and one at night, then once I had adjusted to that, one tablet 3 x a day. He told me that it makes you feel nauseous, he was right. I did feel quite sick, So i would recommend staggering the dosage and working up to three tablets a day. It worked for me. It also gave me diarrhea every now and then but it wasn 't that bad, more like loose stools, not explosive. I was on metformin for a few months, my periods were semi-regular and then I fell pregnant. Didn 't really loose much weight, just a couple of kg 's which i think was because i felt sick from the tablet.
Started 100mg at bedtime (in case of drowsiness) because I was waking up with 3  migraines/week. Later we added 25mg in the morning to prevent afternoon migraines. My headaches have gradually improved, not just in frequency but also in intensity.Only side effects have been weight loss (about 10-15 lb, and it seems to have levelled out there, which is fine; I 'm a relatively small person) and paresthesia/tingles in my hands &amp; face. Tingling is more frequent in cold weather, but it 's not bad enough to make me quit, especially not with the benefits I 'm experiencing.There 's been a bit of research into its use for mood disorders, which I have. I 'm on other meds for that, but I wonder if the topiramate is having any extra little benefit there.
Today is day two and I admit I do feel less stressed at work. I have had a lot of &quot;yawnies&quot;, feel a bit lethargic and have had a few mild headaches on 10mg, but it 's far better than feeling totally overwhelmed and stressed out.  I was told to up the dosage to 20mg at the end of the first week, but if these benefits continue and I don 't experience any other side effects, I 'd likely be happy staying at this dose.  I feel better already.  This medication may have saved my job and has certainly helped lessen the side effects that severe stress has been having on my diabetes.
I took 2 Dulcolax at around 4pm yesterday and around 4am I started to get really bad abdominal pain in which I couldn 't fall back asleep. I went to the toilet at around 6am and just stayed there for 20 minutes, after that I the pain went away and I felt better again. Overall the pill is effective but takes time.
3 weeks 3 days in.  Had blood work done waiting on first check. Hep for almost 30 yrs first attempt at treatment. Breast cancer survivor 8 years with neuropathy and chronic pain issues. Already have insomnia for many many years so I live on Ambien and medical marijuana to sleep. I 'll b 54 next week.  So far I have experienced very mild headaches but quite a few Gastro issues inside my gut. Morning tummy ache and it seems the longer I 'm on the more issues but it could just be pre existing conditions. As far as the Harvoni I cannot differentiate if its me or the drug making it worse... WAY WORTH the sides if it clears the virus and I really did not believe there would b no side effects from such an intense drugs.
Been on for a few months - up to 40mg - feeling great as far as mood goes.  DO have some break through anxiety but that will get better with time.  Notice you DO HAVE TO TAKE WITH FOOD - or your stomach does get really upset.  I have also noticed weight gain/or bloating.  So the weight gain being 10 pounds may be some water weight as well.  I 've taken other meds that don 't work this effectively so will give this a definite try for awhile and see if it continues to help me with my mood disorder.  Bless all out there that have this terrible disorder....
Had to stop use because of rash across neck and arms.
having colonoscopy tomorrow. So started moviprep 3pm. I mixed it in advance early this morning so it 's really cold also drinking through a straw . If your not good with dyrolight kind of meds then this is best bet I 'm not good with the salty taste! So I cut a lemon into wedges bite a wedge keep juice in mouth and drink as much as u can from glass then have another bite lemon and repeat til glass is gone . Followed by something nice like lemonade
This is my second month on this pill, about to be on my third. I 've been on a different birth control before this one for two years. I don 't remember the name but I was super moody. I had bad depression ever night. I would cry for no reason it was so bad. So they put me on a low  hormone and it was this pill. And so far I haven 't been moody at all. Just one time I got all my emotions in one night and cried for two hours. But other than that I 've been okay. I have gained weight, but most birth controls do that. But my only problem would be that I get really bad cramping stomach aches about everyday. Like after I eat or before I eat. And it 's just a terrible pain. But I like this pill 10x better than my last.
Overall it made me feel like my old self. I was interested in all my old hobbies again. One thing I did notice is when I started taking it I would always have intense yawning, all day.
This medication has been doing a good job at clearing up my right ear after just a few days. Keep in mind that I also have a perforation in my ear drum as well, although it has been there even before I developed this infection. Anyhow, I was recently diagnosed with a right middle ear infection last week and was prescribed this along with Augmentin 875 MG. However, I have been taking a 500 MG Glutathione antioxidant supplement along with this medication considering the fact that this medication carries an ototoxic risk.
It is the best.
I have struggled with migraines for 14 years. I have tried so many medications over the years. The past 3 years my migraines have gotten worse. I have been put in the hospital for a week to a week and a half at a time. The last time I went to the neurologist they added Depakote twice a day to see if it would help cut back on the number of migraines I was having. I would have at least one a day. I was currently on Topamax twice a day, Fioricet, Zofran. When I started Depakote I noticed my weight was going up well I have been on the medication 3 months now and I have gained 40 pounds. This is so crazy. I used to weigh 298lbs. And I don 't want to go back there. When my scale started going over the 200 mark again.
I got my Skyla installed on July 13 the pain when it was being placed was awful I felt like I never wanted to even experience labor pain the whole night I felt awful the next day was better haven 't stop spotting yet over this weekend me and my boyfriend finally had sex no pain but we started to play around him tickling me me moving around and for the last 4 days I 've had the worst cramps I never had cramps before it feels awful like if it had penetrated my uterus can 't exercise or do much because of fear of messing the device I 'm going for my 1 month check up and I might get it removed
I was disabled in law enforcement and have had 27 orthopedic surgeries to my knees and 2 to my right arm and 4 to my right shoulder and 3 partial disc removals from L4-L5 then permanent fusion to L4-L5. I am in constant pain for over 20 yrs. Went to pain management doctor 's who did everything from temporary to permanent nerve burns, injections you name it. They finally put me on Kadian and it was the best thing ever.  I was finally able to get back to work, stop walking with a cane, and enjoy my life a lot more than what I had over the last 12 years of the 20 in pain.  I was to the point of almost wanting to end it. The only drawback is they are no longer going to make the 100mg capsules that I take, and they are expensive.
40 yrs old. Had testicular cancer at 30, left testi removed. About 2 years after I started having pain in between my scotum and rectum. Was diagnosed with prostatitis , doc put me on rapaflo. Said it could take up to 3 weeks for it to start to work. First thing I noticed with in 24 hrs was retrograde ejaculation.. Vary concerning at first then I read into side effects.. (Thanks doc for not giving any heads up). It took me about 3 days befor my pain was lessened..and about 2 weeks befor it was almost gone. Now I can get away without taking it for 3-5 days befor I start getting sore...but it 's a catch 22 since the timing for me to have a normal ejaculation is about 3-4 days off the meds.3-4 days of use is not enough time for it to work prop.
Was on Zoloft and then Effextor (150 mg) and did great on both, but because I am a long-term forever user I needed to change it up -weaning from the effexor was so horrible.  I am now taking 10 mg and it 's been a week. I am experiencing sleep disruption, some nausea, I am now VERY regular and my joints and muscles are stiff and sore.  I am finally seeing a glimmer of hope as far as my despair goes - so I am optimistic that the above side affects will go away and all will be well in my world again in a few weeks.
I started taking it about 3 weeks ago at the 150mg dose for depression. First week I felt very little change but that was actually a plus as many antidepressants I have tried have made me feel physically terrible and mentally kind of.. Sketchy? But with wellbutrin I only had minor headaches when smoking (not surprising considered its original use was as a cessation aid) and some very vivid dreams. At this point I am really starting to feel a change; random weeping down to once this past week rather than every damn day; starting to feel hopeful about the future again, showing more interest in my past hobbies, feeling grateful. Only downside is it has really increased my acne, so I had to step up my skincare game.
I 'm a former smoker of 16 years and have been not smoking because of Zyban for one week so far and haven 't looked back.  The medicine definitely helps the vicious cravings, however it still takes will power and you have to truly want to quit.Side effects are minimal. Make sure your second dose of the day is not at night time as it will keep you up for most of the night.  Other then slight jitters (like a caffeine rush), I 'm not experiencing anything major.  The caffeine rush feeling has cut down on my coffee intake, so another plus!  Coffee is a trigger for me to want to smoke, so more power to Zyban!
I have been on Trilafon (perphenazine) for about 4 years.  I 'm on a low does, 4mg x3 times a day.  From what I understand this medicine is a lot more gentle than most medicines that would treat bipolar, schizophrenia, and other forms of psychosis.  Its not good for elderly as the higher the dosage you get the more at risk you are for tardiv dyskinesia (or tremors of the face, arms, and hands).  I am 28 and this medicine worked when Lexapro, Geodon, Haldol, and risperidone wouldn 't.  I am given it for Pscyhsis.  In addition I am on 40 mg Viibryd and 0.5mg of Klonopin.  I would recommend this medicine. 
This medicine is amazing. Helps quickly with my anxiety and panic attack. Makes me feel like a total different person. I feel like the same active person I used to be especially raising two baby boys.
Have been taking generic spironolactone 100mg 2x day (morning and night) for acne and hormonal hairless (female pattern, testosterone related). It has greatly reduced hair loss And skin has been clearer also. Libido has been affected somewhat, not sure how much though. No significant side effects yet. Much better than birth control pills that I stuck with for years, as I knew hair loss would intensify when I stopped them and boy did they ever.
Been wearing the patches for a week now. I can tell a difference. The urge to use the bathroom greatly decreased. So glad they are OTC! The only problem i have is when I remove the patch it leaves adhesive on the skin, its hard to get off. And waterproof would be better. Maybe they will update them sooner or later. But def recommended
I 've been taking lexapro for about a year now and it seems to help a lot with my social anxiety. I don 't think about nor care what people think as much as I used to. But it does make me kinda have like no emotion toward people 's feeling &amp; what not. Which is a downside. But I used to be afraid of big crowds. I wouldn 't really want to be around people but at the same time I did because I wanted to have friends and be outgoing but it was extremely hard for me. Also I had like mild depression, always negative thoughts. But since I 've been taking it it 's definitely made me more positive and more friendly. Before I would always worry about everything and when I say everything I mean everything lol. With out it I do have bad withdrawal &amp; it sucks.
I had my Mirena inserted yesterday and yes it was a bit painful.  I had a baby without meds so compared to that it wasn 't as bad.  I was nervous before the doctor inserted it, but he was very nice and explained what he was going to do and what I was going to feel before he even did anything.  I had a bit of cramping during and immediately after, but now it has stopped the day after.  I 've been having some spotting, but nothing too bad, just enough that I need to use a pantyliner.  It 's too soon to post any other symptoms or reviews so I will post later on.  Thank goodness i did not read any review prior to having this put in or I might not have.
I am 62, recovering from 2 heart attacks, sepsis from a 4 inch liver abcess, acute diverticulitis, type 2 diabetes, severe arthritis and moderate to severe stenosis from spinal injuries to my neck and lumbar. I also tend to depression. I teach AP English at a nationally ranked high school. I love my work and don 't want to retire, even when I feel bad, even though the work load is intense. When I could no longer keep up then, my PCP drew enough blood to animate Frankenstein 's monster and prescribed 50,000 IU of D2. Within 24 hrs of first dose I had my best day in many months, then another and another. No side effects (not even migraines that I have suffered since age 14). Who knew vitamin D made so much a difference?
With proper dosing, i.e.,enough mgs, Ativan works very well in controlling my irritability and anxiety. The only temporary, mild side-effects that occurred were a slight lack of motivation, slight feelings of disorientation, which these dissipated quickly.
My drug of choice was heroin, and lots of it. There is no doubt that without methadone I would not be alive today, and for this I am very thankful. Unfortunately though, like many others I am finding it very difficult to get off methadone, it seems to be a stronger physical addiction than heroin. However, as methadone enables former opiate addicts to live a &quot;normal&quot; life while treating/battling their addiction I feel methadone is immensely valuable. 
For 18 months have had severe lumbar, butt and leg pain. Got spinal injections that helped some, but leg pain still was especially bad. Finally had back surgery, which helped the lower back, but not the pain in my hips and legs, which was intense. As usual, had physical therapy, massage, and finally acupuncture. Nothing worked. My doctor finally started me on Lyrica at 50 mg before bed, then 100, and finally at 200 mg before bedtime. It has reduced the pain about 70 percent. It also helps me sleep like a log, and the only side effects are some dizziness in the morning, but by around 10 AM that goes away. Great stuff!
Start weight: 246lbs at doctor on 2/01/2017.Started taking Phentermine 37.5 on 2/02/17 (Friday). Went to the beach that night, came back Wednesday and weighed 242lbs (at doctor). I ate grilled chicken salads and one or two chocolate chip granola bars a day and drank lots of water. While on vacation I walked a lot since I was at the beach sight seeing, did some shopping and just did normal vacation stuff. I didn 't workout while I was gone. Today is 2/12/2017 and according to my scales I weigh 240lbs (scales are dialed up 3lbs to match doctors). Since I 've been back from vacation I 've worked out 7 mins every day and went walking, slow pace. I eat salads and granola bars still and sometimes have a heavier dinner. Mental side effects exp.
I have been on Ortho Cyclen for a few months and my periods have finally regulated. The only difference in my body image is that I have gained a cup size and my butt has gotten bigger, but my weight is the same so I have no problem with that!
Nucynta is indeed a Novel medicine. I have Scoliosis with a 31 Cobb angle and I have tried so many different medications, alternative medicine (including Chiropractors and Acupuncturists). The reason why Nucynta is great is because it takes away most of my pain and it relaxes me. It has no &quot;Euphoric Feeling&quot; which makes it good for long term use without a potential for abuse. That 's why I believe that your Pain Doctor would also feel more comfortable prescribing it. I have been on it for a month now and I can tell that it works perfectly. The only problem with Nucynta is that it makes you drowsy (and for me it makes me go to sleep, so I cannot take it in the morning). 
The combination of hormones seems to be good for me. I worry about not getting the right dose though.
My daughter is on this med she is 23. Her dr. Told her to take at dinner time  300 calories or more she eats about 6 or 7 because it makes her a little tried. But she still love doing things outdoors. I thank god for this med. It works for her.
I like Zonegran overall, I haven 't had a seizure since I started taking it.
I have been taking alfuzosin and finesteride for about six months. Prior to this life was miserable - I could hardly pee, frequent urgency, getting up every hour at night, and carrying depends (just in case). Had to even sit in tub sometimes and run warm water on my parts to help me pee. Let 's put it this way, I was ready for the operation to get relief.The doctor suggested these drugs as an alternative and nothing lost if they didn 't work. There was even the possibility that could minimize amount of surgery needed.  In the final analysis peeing is much more regular, much reduced urgency and only getting up a couple times per night. Sexual side affects are a concern. I have tried to use a generic form of Cialis but it is less effective.
After being taken off the arm implant due to complications with anxiety, and not being able to remember taking the pill, the patch, I 've found, is the most suitable method for me. Sometimes the patch does come off but as long as you stick it on and really press on the edges for a minute that is less likely to happen. My first 2 months on the patch I did experience some morning sickness 2-3 times, however my body adjusted and I no longer have had to deal with this. As far as rashes, the patch may make the selected area red and itchy, but it 's nothing unmanageable. Overall I would say the patch is the best option for me out of the 3 methods I 've tried.
Dentist took my blood pressure at 218/105, a total shock to me since it has always been low except for white coat usually around 150/90. She sent me to the ER. EKG was normal, and I felt shaky but otherwise okay. 10 mg Norvasc was prescribed and within 2 days BP was down in the 130/70 range in the morning. 6 weeks later it is often 115-125/70 and is rarely above 135/75. I had a strongly pounding heartbeat for a few days the first week, which went away. I was also tired the first couple of days and my legs felt heavy on my daily 2-mile walk -- that also resolved by the second week. It 's working for me though my goal is to lose enough weight and exercise enough to eventually get off it. I 'm a 62-year old female.
Drug works fine for depression, but side effects include twitching, scratching, inability to sleep, restless legs, general restlessness, lack of concentration.
So normally I used Monistat because I get yeast infections often after drinking to much alcohol the night before. But I was looking at something a little cheaper and found Miconazole. I 've been using it for 4 days so far no complaints it seems to be clearing up my YI. However I do have 3 more days left and I 'm almost done with the tube I wish I could finish the whole 7 days. Thats my only complaint. But works just as good as Monistat and it 's cheaper.
Worked almost right away, walked down stairs without pain.
I am a 20 year old female (yes, 20) and I am taking it for SVT. I take 75 mg twice daily, every 12 hours. Right after I take it, my heart rate increases and I get major anxiety. At night it 's when it 's worse. During the day, I 'm perfectly fine. I also have chest pains and SOB, sometimes back pain. I also have heavy legs. Headaches are a definite. I am not wearing the Event Mintor to track my heart rate. It can get high, which can be scary because you don 't know what could happen next. Some sleepless night and early morning wakes with anxiety. It sucks because when I have these panic attacks, I can tell when it 's about to start so I brace myself. But I tell myself that Jesus is going to heal my body every day.
I have emtophobia, that is, a pervasive fear of vomiting. I do not know if this affects vomiting, but if I feel nauseous, Benadryl works wonders. My stomach settles right down and my anxiety lowers just enough for me to deal with it without the use of benzodiazepines.
I do have extremely severe headaches and this drug tends to give relief more often than not. A bit surprised and concerned about the side effects warnings.
I use this for neck spams and fibromyalgia.  I was originally prescribed 4 mgs. twice daily, but found out quickly that taking it during the day made me feel like passing out and I couldn 't walk without falling; plus, if I took it and couldn 't nap, I felt AWFUL.  So, now (per my doctor 's orders), I take 8 mgs. only at bed and it relaxes me enough that I 'm out like a light within 45 minutes. I do find that I wake myself up yelling at someone I was fighting with in a dream! Scares the bejeezus out of my cat!  Lol.  It really helps me sleep---which has been an issue for years, because of the pain.
Literally drank a whole bottle of the grape within a day bc my cough was so bad. (Also have tried the orange) Im 18 and this is the first liquid medicine that I don 't need to chase it with juice or something, the taste is VERY bareable. Worked pretty well and helped me sleep without my cough waking me, which was my problem. Did give me a lil funny poop but not &quot;explosive diarrhea&quot; maybe I 'm just able to control my Bowels unlike the other people here....
This is a fantastic medication for strep throat. Only downfall is the vaginal discomfort. I find taking a pro-biotic pill 2 times daily while on it prevents the discomfort.
The first few days were hard for me, very groggy and giggly, and my husband says I was totally useless but I was smiling, and then the fog lifted.It doesn 't make the problems in your life magically vanish, but instead of freaking out over everything, I now only get upset when a &quot;normal&quot; person would, I now have healthy natural reactions to things. I can deal with my problems. I don 't see problems in everything, everywhere. Aropax changed not only my life drastically but the lives of everyone who cares about me.
Have been on the highest dose started at lowest for have lost 20 pounds, less hungry. Stops working after a time for weight loss but feel I need it to not feel overly hungry. Very expensive no insurance coverage. Mixed feelings. Weight loss is not great but have lost some down from 255 to 235.
I have cervical stenosis,  multiple disc  herniations,  fibromyalgia and myofacial pain syndrome, etc since teen years. 38 now. Been to several pain clinics and docs on meds, narcotics but none helped me like avizia. I take 90mg plus 10/325 percocet as needed for break thru and it helps so much. I have only constipation and I take amitiza for that, I 'm happy my insurance covers it.
I had a life changing event and I noticed that I was not able to &quot;balance&quot; work, home (mom) and other things. I 've been on Zoloft for almost 2 yrs. And thank goodness! I don 't think I would have handled what I did as well as I did had I not been on it. I don 't really notice any side effects for me.
I have been on suboxone (since january 10), for opiate withdrawals and I am having panic attacks. I was prescribed catapress this month (the end of june, 10) with my suboxone and day 4 on it so far so good! It makes me sleepy and very mellow, calm like. I assume its doing its job, I only have taken it at night. I haven 't had to take it for a panic attack yet.
I have been able to swallow within 2 hours of taking my first pill
I was on Zoloft for about 5 years. Before that I was on Effexor and Paxil which I did not tolerate well due to the half life. Zoloft was good but after several years I developed side effects. Tremor, jaw clenching, weight gain, sexual dysfunction...I weaned myself off of all meds which was really hard. It 's been nearly a year and I 'm ready to go back on something. I 've tried natural therapies for SADD, PMDD, depression, anxiety and it 's not working.
I started off at .50 mg then to 1mg before bed.  I had many issues going on in life and I was having trouble falling asleep.  This helped in the beginning, but my dose is going up and up. I admit, I take this more than I should, so I understand there 's an addictive nature to this.  Just be careful, and talk to your doctor if you notice that.  The best part of this drug; I get a good night sleep and I 'm not waking up 3x a night.
Its the only thing that has really worked to help the pain in my back, following an auto accident.
I 've been using Belviq for 3 days now and I will admit I was afraid to start using Belviq because of the reviews I have read. Especially being a single parent with a 2 year old, I wondered if this would be more stressful or if it would help. I do have slight issues with headaches, but it 's not unbearable and taking tylenol takes the edge off. I 've experienced both bursts of energy and a little drowsiness, again, nothing that 's not bearable. Overall I would say I like using Belviq. The fact of taking the medication makes you more aware of what needs to be done in order to be fit, but it really does curb the appetite. I take it with food, and so far I 've lost about a pound a day
My son 's doctor gave him this to try. It 's pretty much the same as Adderall. I didn 't see a big difference in his behavior compared to generic Adderall. There 's not much point in paying a premium price (no generic) for the same effectiveness as his usual med.
This medicine has saved my life. I take it along with other medicines of course, but I can really tell the difference in my level of anxiety. Would recommend anyone with unrelenting anxiety to try.
Metformin is helping me drastically in that it controls my insulin resistance.  First side effects were gas and diarreah, and some bad breath, but those have gone away.  I recommend this to anyone who has sugar problems!
Began Complera May 2013 after having been on Atripla. Positive since 1992. Both medicines have kept my viral load undetectable and T-cells above 700. Both have their side effects; but for now I 'm sticking with Complera. I take Complera after dinner; hours before sleep (to help as much with insomnia. Doctor has prescribed Ambien). The side effects of Complera I hope work themselves out overnight. As for gas and bloating I have a glass of Metamucil every morning. And each day I live with a positive attitude, or as normal as possible!
Age 51. Went to get my regular bloodwork with my Doctor. My cholestral has always been &gt;200 and have a family history of Heart Attack and stroke. I tried everything over the years including Crestor which was an absolute disaster for me after only 4 doses. Since then tried the natural methods Red Yeast Rice (may as well be on a statin the side effects are basically the same) and lots of fish and Krill oil. I was disappointed that my bad cholesterol was high after all that still and my number was 219 total. Based on my unwillingness to try another Statin my Dr. suggested a 500mg pill of Niaspan to be taken nightly. I have experienced no flushing as yet after a month on it and really no bad side effects. New blood results 192! Will check back in 3 mos.
no side effects, gentle but efective. Feelings of relief began a few hours after the first pill.
I have started this on 11/9/2009 for my sinus infection. Day 4 felt better but still have runny nose and stuffy right ear, ringing in ears. Hope this goes away and I don 't have a repeat. 1 more day, I have had nausea but not sick. Not sure if I can take anything to dry up runny nose with this. If I can get rid of runny nose and ear ringing I hope to be okay.
I 've been on contrave for about 7 weeks now. I 've lost roughly 33lbs. In the first month I easily dropped 20lbs. I eat less than 1400 calories a day, but I am extra aware of what I put in my body as to not be unhealthy- lots of protein, steamed veggies, and staying hydrated. All that being said, I will say the side effects were murder for me. I had/have pretty much all of them on the list of possibilities. Nothing that I can 't handle though, nothing overly severe....I just wouldn 't call it a  'fun ' experience. I exercise regularly, but the majority of  my changes have been to my food. It pretty much takes away superfluous hunger, so I only eat when I truly need to. I 'm so happy to have found something that works.
I 've been on this pill for about a little over a year and a half, I have had a very good experience so far, I never got headaches, pain or any of those things. It cleared my skin pretty well but after a while it stopped but I never broke out crazily my breasts grew a little and I still PMS and get minor cramps but my period is still heavy but shorter by 4 days so I 'm not going to complain! I hope this birth control will continue to work for me just as well as the months go on.
My doctor had prescribed this for me because my anxiety ramps up when I 'm trying to sleep. He started me out at 25 mg/day. While on it, I would sleep 16 hours, be a zombie for the 8 I was awake, and have really trippy dreams and terrifying nightmares - both of which felt 100% real and some of them I had to ask if they happened. I was cut back to 12.5 mg/day and I 'm only sleeping 12 hours and groggy for four. I still have weird dreams, but they don 't seem completely real as often.I have not been on it long enough for my body to adjust, so this may lessen as time goes on.It does help with the anxiety and panic attacks, although I won 't drive after I 've taken it so I can only take it at home.
A lot of the reviews on here are scary, but I think it must be personal chemistry that decides if this medicine will work for you or not. I 've been on it for 2.5 years and I didn 't really have any physical side effects. I maybe had some breast pain when I started it, but cutting down on caffeine cured that. I do have anxiety, but I don 't think I can blame this pill for that, it 's kind of just my personality. Overall, this pill has just done it 's job for me.
This pill is awful. I had to take it twice a day and had to prepare myself every time because the taste of it is horrid. If taking you definitely need to eat because I took it on an empty stomach one afternoon before a lab class and nearly fainted in class. I began to sweat profusely and became incredibly nauseous. My vision became blurry and my hearing dulled. I could not focus on anything except for not dying in the middle of class. Thankfully it passed in minutes but still was enough to shake some sense into me to eat when taking these. Other than the taste of the pill and the side effects of taking it on an empty stomach, the pill was fine. My symptoms cleared and my lady bits returned back to normal
My doctor switched me from Acacol HD to Lialda after I lost my insurance and needed a less expensive substitute.  I was worried because I had grown accustomed to Asacol and did very well on that medicine.After a few days of adjusting to Lialda, with no real problems or side effects (just a little gas during the first 48 hours), I feel fantastic on Lialda.  I 've been on Lialda for about 5 months now, and feel as good, if not better than I did on Asacol. I have fewer headaches that I did on Asacol and feel great less stomach cramps.Best of all, for me or anyone who is on the go during the day, I now take one Lialda tablet, twice daily (once in the morning, once at night). This is compared to two Asacol tablets THREE times daily.
Nuvaring has worked just fine for me. I stayed the same weight but I will say it caused me to have a major breakout which is abnormal for me. That was setback #1. The 2nd was, my period is 2x 's more painful than it normally is. I will say I struggle with painful clotting periods when I 'm not on birth control. I plan to start using the ring back to back and simply eliminate my period all together. I was afraid to use this method but it ended up being great.
I still get slight headaches once in a while,  and use Excedrin Migraine with the Topamax, but its nothing compared to what I had. The side effects go away and the ones that don 't, you get used to. I still have memory problems, so I had to lower the dose.
I had great success at doses of 200-400mg. Anything above that and I black out an hour after taking it. I found out later I had been writing belligerent texts, yelling at my children, and verbally abusing my wife. Im going to ask for 300mg since it helped my insomnia, and made me content and happy the next day.  All without the horrible side effects listed above.  I have tried Geodon, it gave me severe tachycardia, and yet made me too tired to function. A horrible inescapable feeling as the tachycardia made sleep impossible. Zyprexa just made me fat and gave me restless legs so bad I couldn 't sleep. Seroquel is best by far, but have your loved ones monitor you.
My son is 13 years old and has have been on Adderall for about 6 years now and was recently switched from Adderall XR 15 mg to Adderall XR 20 mg. Today is his first on the 20 mg. So far he noticed a large difference in the effects. He said when he was on 15 mg XR for 2 years and he didn 't even notice his attention span had dropped and his grades had also been, He said felt no effect whatsoever from 15 mg. The 20 mg has a noticably large increase in effectiveness . For the first time in months he feel back to normal and refreshed. He said never knew my body could grow a tolerance to a medication so quickly. I am curious if every dosage will get weak like the 15 mg. I don 't want to keep elevating the strength for him as I 'm worried it is bad for his health.
I take Ultram for ongoing back pain - works great. Does not make me tired like Percocet or Vicodin- very few side effects.
Helps me sleep better but still not great. I continue to wake up many times through out the night but at least can seem to fall right back to sleep and not just lay there. Gives me a headache a few hours into the next day after I wake up and seems to last for a while.
After 16 years of opioid and heroin addiction I had tried everything. Methadone for 3years and off and on suboxone for 8 or more years, i tried hard to get off suboxone and it was horrid withdrawal so I relapsed on heroin.  When I knew I might die if I kept it up, I put myself into a detox and planed to leave after. Stayed for rehab and the vivitrol was suggested I went back and fourth with my decision because I still wanted to drink. Finally I decided to get the shot. Side Effects: muscle spasms, constant stretching that felt great,  decreased appetite, weight loss. The interactions with my 3mgs of clozepam are hard to explain. It 's a high definitely but not one I like to much. If I take Bental for the stomac cramps I get really dipped out
So far Zovia hasn 't really been too bad as far as breast tenderness goes but it has made them big.  My system is so messed up that I ovulate on birth control pills, so I 'm hoping that Zovia will stop this since it 's high in Estrogen.
On the package, it clearly states, that of the view of the medication does not like it shows in the booklet, then discard it. So far in 6 weeks, I have had to throw 2 pens away. A very expensive procedure for me. Is there a method to recover the lost money or replace the defective pens?
I have been taking Elavil for several weeks now and the only side effect I have had is the dry mouth. I would rather deal with that than the migraines which I must say have been dormant for weeks now and I am so happy.
I 've been taking meloxicam now for 2 months. I have found that it does a lot better job on my inflammation than piroxicam. It doesn 't completely take the pain away, but the advantages of taking the medication make it a worthwhile addition to my therapy.
On my 5th week so just starting 3.0, felt a bit of nausea but nothing huge. I had awful burping which included acid egg taste.  I 've used lots of pepto that happened a few times.  I 've lost 10 pounds but really haven 't  stuck to any diet plan - I am just not hungry.  I eat and become full very fast.  I feel I have just started to realize what my full feels like and really pay attention to full button. I 'm on vacation for three weeks and I hope to eat better and walk due to my hectic schedule I haven 't been able to dedicate myself to this...I do see how it can work if you do what you are suppose to. I 'm 5&quot;10 was 288lb...female...will keep updating...Good luck !!
For some reason the stinging only happens to me when I use it at night. To avoid the stinging I now use it in the morning after I shower and towel off.  The day I use it, I don 't wear clothes that I worry about staining.  Drysol has worked fantastic for years under my arms.  I now only have to use it about once a week.  Unfortunately, no matter how I use it on my feet it hasn 't helped them.
This medicine works well. Has a terrible taste, but got rid of the smell and my discharge is starting to look better. I am on day 5, and I have had a few symptoms. Spinning sensation, nausea, darkened urine, metallic and dry mouth, frequent bowel movements.
I 'm 19 and have never had children. I had Kyleena placed yesterday (9/27/2017). It hurt like crazy, but I have a very low pain tolerance. The cramps I had last month from my menstruation had me pass out twice, and the cramps from getting Kyleena almost put me under, too. I was sore for the rest of yesterday, and was grateful that my night class was cancelled. I took a 30 minute nap right after the procedure, but it took until this morning for me to feel any sort of normal.Today has been fine. No cramps, no bleeding, just some small headaches that went away with ibuprofen or a nap. However, ever since I got Kyleena, I 've been snacking non-stop. Watch out.Will update.
My son had a cold sores out break, got a Zovirax cream as treatment. It works well but the cream ran out before cold sore. I paid $14 for a tube 2g of Zovirax, the amount of cream not even cover 3 days treatment. The tube with a size of lips sunscreen but the amount of cream inside is ridiculously tiny. Such a ripoff, please consider low income consumer with your products.
I was prescribed Aldara for internal gw. When I finally found a doctor to acknowledge that they existed internally, they were bad. They almost looked like fingers. I say this to make the point that I had a serious case of them. I was put on Aldara for three times a week until 16 weeks. This was the most painful experience I have ever had in my life. I cried in pain for the first several weeks. The itching was almost unbearable in and of itself. I also got very severe ulcers around the treatment sight. I found it helpful to take an allergy pill for the itching and melatonin to help me to sleep with the pain. All that being said, after 16 weeks my gw problem was 90 percent gone.I was given another month 's worth for the last remaining few.
I 've read many people have been gaining weight from this drug.  This is why it is SO important you care about your health from day one and it should be a part of your lifestyle and regimen, no matter what.  This way, whatever the side effects are of the medicine, you 're on top of your game and won 't get hit as hard.I 've been on many bipolar medications which make you gain weight, but I barely noticed because I work out and eat very healthy.  It 's of utter importance that you lay down a solid, healthy foundation before and during therapy.  The healthy lifestyle will also make the medicine work better.  It 's common sense.
I am 23 years old and since I was 17 I have been battling acne. I tried every over the counter gels, creams and washes from Neutrogena to ProActiv. I had seen 2 different dermatologist offices and was constantly given prescriptions for things but never told what exactly was going on. This past September I switched to a new dermatologist office and was prescribed Ziana along with Solodyn, a pill. I am not going to lie, the first month and a half was really hard for me. I am a teacher and felt embarrassed from how red my face was, the huge pimples that blotched my face and the peeling that was going on really took a toll on me. It is now December and the improvement I have seen is amazing. I am looking much clearer and no blotches!
I was prescribed the 10mg IR Ritalin, to be taken three times a day a few weeks ago. To say the least, I have developed a tolerance to the drug. It has a bad comedown 2-3 hours after I take the drug. But it has done wonders for my depression and ADHD symptoms. The only downside I found is that it makes me feel like a zombie, too focused, much nervous and has a nasty after-effects. But so far it has been a revolutionary step in my life. I will try switching to the LA version though.
Worked great on the pain. But my AST levels went through the roof. I am now unable to take them. Awaiting MVD surgery that can 't come soon enough. Please ensure your doctor gives you regular blood tests. Mine did not hence my liver problems.
I 'm 32 and i 've had crohns now for 14 years. Remicade was a god send but only for a limited time. I started off like everyone else with i. V every 8 weeks. Then after a couple of years it was wearing off faster so then every 6 weeks. Then every 4 weeks then it was back on the steroids along with the 4 week treatment. Well after 6-7 years on remicade it wasn 't working anymore. I do recommend it because I would give anything right now to get those 6 years back because even though I was became immune to it I felt 20 times better then compared to now. Since the remicade nothing has worked for me since.
I did/am experiecing the tingling everyday in my fingers, I am not hungry.  I did have the brain fog to where I wouldn 't drive.  I wouldn 't make any decisions about anything without talking it over with someone I trusted first. I am now up to 75 in the morning and at bedtime and I still have the tingling but the fog has been lifted the headaches are SO much less BUT I have only lost 3 pounds.  Can 't seem to stop smoking even with this.  Still hoping this will help with the smoking.  Wish me luck
I have a heel spur and was given Voltaren for inflammation to possibly control plantar fascitis. This along with a 10 day use of AFO brace on my foot just may help prevent surgery. I believe Voltaren definitely is doing the job in reducing inflammation and controlling the pain.
Makes me sleepy but helps with my cough due to not breathing right after some back rib injury from a fall. Kills the pain for over 8 hours so I can sleep lying down too. Makes me kinda foggy so I have to focus to get stuff done. 
I took this birth control for a few years and it allowed me to predict my period to the time and day I was supposed to have it, but it made my PMS worse than ever. Great to take if you don 't have much pain to begin with.
Very helpfull, tired of all the neg. press
After trying several different sleeping aids, I ran across Compoz in K-Mart. I hadn 't seen it anywhere else so I thought I would give it a try. I got a good nights sleep for the first time in quite a while. I still take it occasionally and still get that qood night of sleep. You can 't take it every night for an extended period of time or it won 't work as well, I can promise you that. 
I 'm 21, no kids, got Skyla about a month ago after dealing with crazy mood swings with a different bc  I was taking. The initial insertion was pretty painful but only lasted about a minute, got extremely light headed and nauseous after insertion but went away within 20 minutes, I got mine done at planned parenthood which I 'd suggest and was even able to get it for free through a program they have and only paid for implantation. So far pretty pleased with the IUD itself, good sex drive, my mood swings have completely decreased, overall very very happy I got it, the only downside it random cramping that can be pretty uncomfortable but there 's usually a few months after starting a birth control where your body adjusts so hoping they stop soon.
I have been getting cold sores since I was in the 6th grade. Unfortunately I am a special case, I have NEVER had one on my lip! They always appear either on my chin or my nose. Its awful, especially on the nose. I am giving this a 7 due to the fact its no longer reducing the size of my breakouts anymore even with the topical cream. It only seems to reduce the healing period. Which isn 't that great when I get one on my nose (yes you guessed it, its the tip) and I end up looking like a clown. I even got three breakouts in just this past March! Its definitely not working like it used to and I am only 19 so I am now fearful for the years to come. I 'm hoping it was just a little expired and will be going back to the doctor for a refill.
I have had psoriatic arthritis for 20 years. Mostly attempting to control the arthritis which at times has been debilitating to say the least. For the first year my skin was clear after the loading doses. I wore shorts and went swimming without fear! And while I 'm still very happy with stelara I 've noticed it doesn 't control my arthritis as well (still manageable) and I have small patches beginning to appear. I 'm well under the 200lb weight for the higher dose.
After six back related surgeries, I developed peripheral neuropathy. I was placed on Savella which helped some, but my neurologist decided to add Gralise as well. What had been absolutely terrible burning in both legs has been reduced with both of these medications. The Gralise was a helpful addition to the Savella. The question below regarding the insurance coverage; I had a blue cross plan which picked up about 40-50% then I recently purchased another blue cross plan which, at this moment in time, is not covering the Gralise, so my neurologist is trying to get them to authorize it.
Seemed to work fairly well. Caused some minimal problems with bowels and dried out my system quite a bit.
This medication has my carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) test numbers way down . I hate the rash but at least I 'm alive.
I have just started this medicine, 100mg, to help my tremors. (head to toe). I take 2 a day. So far, it is working. Even with the increase of mgs.
I am still on my first pack of this pill, it is my first birth control pill. I have not had any bleeding issues or weight gain. In fact, I feel less bloated then usual. The only problem I have experienced is horrible nausea, I am hoping for it to pass soon.
I have struggled with migraines for 14 years. I have tried so many medications over the years. The past 3 years my migraines have gotten worse. I have been put in the hospital for a week to a week and a half at a time. The last time I went to the neurologist they added Depakote twice a day to see if it would help cut back on the number of migraines I was having. I would have at least one a day. I was currently on Topamax twice a day, Fioricet, Zofran. When I started Depakote I noticed my weight was going up well I have been on the medication 3 months now and I have gained 40 pounds. This is so crazy. I used to weigh 298lbs. And I don 't want to go back there. When my scale started going over the 200 mark again.
Zomig ZMT works well for me, especially when I take it just as I get the feeling I will get a migraine. All migraine symptoms are gone within 30-45 minutes. My side effects are:*drowsiness (but not so much that I can 't function. I just yawn a lot), some neck stiffness, taste sensitivity (the first several bites of food after letting the tablet dissolve cause my tastebuds to feel really funny... sort of a sharp feeling if that makes any sense at all)BUT, those symptoms are a lot better than having a migraine!
I have been using birth control for going on 4 years, 16-20. I got on them for the purpose of I have extremely heavy periods with horrible cramps and acne. I took levora for about 2 years (no sexual activity) and I took it non stop to completely stop my period. Bad idea. I had break through bleeding and severe cramps for over 3 months of heavy bleeding. They put me on the strongest pill possible after that to try to stop my period from the continuous bleeding, didn 't work although I did loose a lot of weight.. for the last year 1/2 I 've been sexually active and the strongest pill DIDNT work so they put me back on levora with a seasonal period, and I haven 't gotten pregnant and my acne is good and my period is gone! Other than every season.
I went to a GI specialist last week, assuming I had some serious issues other than constipation. However, it was just that- chronic constipation. The doctor gave me samples of Linzess and I started it at 10am on an empty stomach. I had a bowl of oatmeal about half an hour later. Then, 20-30 minutes after I had eaten I had the urge to use the rest room and for the first time in years, without the help of several laxitives, I expelled. Three times within a two hour time frame. I don 't mind the diarrhea, because it was much worse not being able to go. But it is scary knowing you have to pass gas and not knowing if you might accidentally crap yourself.
I have been on Zoloft for a year to treat OCD. This drug has taken away my painful and destructive symptoms, though this is a process that has been aided by intensive talk therapy. My side effects are increasing in intensity as time goes on; mainly dry mouth and nausea. However terrible these side effects may sound I would rather deal with them than the symptoms of OCD and depression on any given day.
I 've been using this medication for 3 days now. The pain from my infection is gone, but the ringing in my ear is still there, and everything is muffled. I am also on an oral antibiotic for tonsilitis and sinus infection as well. Overall I am very happy with this medication. Only downside is that if I had not had insurance this medication would have cost $101, with insurance it was only $25.
I have mild psoriasis on elbows; been using Tazorac and/or Metamosone.  Got a  'script for Vectical; the outcome has been quite good.  Still can see some slightly red spots (which helps daily re-treatment), but mostly the skin now appears normal.  I bought a second tube before my coupons expired (see below).The shock is the price: Without insurance, this would cost $600/tube.  Insurance co-pay was $65, and Vectical has a coupon that pays the co-pay, so it cost me $0.
Okay, I got my Copper IUD 3days ago. I took 1 alive at 9:30 am then a couple ibpro at 11:00pm. My appointment was moved to 2pm so I ate breakfast then napped and took a couple more ibpro at 1:20pm. During the insertion I knew I had to relax or my walls will tighten up. So I did the breathing thing you see pregnant women do. It was painful but short. The pain felt like a pinch not a cramp. It lasted about 5 seconds. -I started to cramp about 15min after the insertion so I took some more ibpro every 2-3hrs ( I did not get high or feel dizzy. I normally have 800mg (4pills) when I am on my normal period so I just added 2 pills ). I had sex 5 hours after which was fine. He and I both did not feel the IUD.- I spotted 3 times that day. Twice the following day.
This is definitely my miracle drug.  It allows me to continue working and even seems to have a slight mood elevator.  I have suffered from fibromyalgia for years and the only other pain relievers I have found to help also made me drowsy and unable to function mentally.  The only thing I notice from tramadol is relief.  I have a sister with fibromyalgia and it doesn 't help her in the least so you just have to try it and see.
Was on Saxenda for a month. Started seeing weight loss. Went to fill prescription and it was the normal 1000.00 . The savings card is for only $35.00 off. So needless to say make sure you can either afford it or your insurance covers it before trying it.
I was diagnosed with ocular migraines.  I could not drive without getting sick and see correctly.  I was prescribed topamax 2 weeks ago.  I am a taking 25 mg in am/pm and and I am down 4.5 lbs.I did not know this was a weight loss drug too until I saw I lost weight.  For me, it 's a bonus.  I just want to be able to drive and not be sick.  At work, I have to be careful what I type in emails because I have a dopey effect but I can deal with that as long as I function in other areas of my life.  I have noticed beer does not taste good so I cannot drink that any longer.  I thought it was bad beer until I read something about how our brains are functioning differently on topamax .
Switched from Amitriptyline to Nortriptyline because I was told the side effects were less severe. My vision was already altered because of Amitriptyline so I am unsure for Nortriptyline contributes. The side effects of hostility and aggression have lessened. However the sweating is still constant. Sleeping is okay, just have a hard time falling asleep. The overall experience outweighs the headaches. I am thankful my migraines and daily headaches have lessened
I took Suprep at 6pm after a day of liquid diet.  Yes, they need to make this better tasting, and a smaller amount would be great but no cramping, no vomiting, yes to slight nausea. 45 mins after taking my first dose I was in the bathroom for approx 2 hrs (wish I had realized I wouldn 't be coming out for that time, could hardly make it to the door.)  Yellow but not completely clear.  I was able to sleep from 10:30 to 3:15. My second dose was at 3:30 am and was much harder to get down but started working right away.  By the time I left at 6 am to go check in discharge was clear yellow with some mucus.
I have been taking this drug for 1 day now for reoccurring tonsillitis/ pharyngitis/ cough and associated lower respiratory problems such as trouble breathing because of phlegm and what not. I am suffering very bad side affects from this drug, however It is very effective. I am suffering extreme nausea almost straight away from taking it (I 'm on it twice a day for a week.) , increased heart rate (120 at resting) palpations, very bad shakes, extreme fatigue, however no muscle pain like other symptoms and will see if I get the nightmares like everyone else also. Very hard on the system but if it gets rid of this infection I will be delighted, will consider coming off the drug if side effects worsen like they are known to.
Hi, I just thought that I 'd add this comment for you. I have recently been diagnosed with fibromyalgia, hepatitis, and lupus. But before my diagnoses, with no insurance, I went to the hospital when I couldn 't take the pain anymore and was prescribed Ultram 50mg 2x a day. At first I took 1 and then another and so on until I reached six in a 4 hour period. When it finally started working it hit me like a ton of bricks. Needless to say I was pain free. So my advise is start with 2 and wait, it just not an instant relief like codeine. Unfortunately your body does become immune to its effects within abut 3 months. Now I am taking 4 roxicodone a day and also adjusting to that quickly too. Good luck to all of you.
7 years ago, my hip pain was so intense I could hardly get up in the morning. I have tried Cymbalta, but went back to Effexor XR. It does the work for me.
Using for acne and hormonal reasons, works well for skin clearing and regular periods. Does induce some spotting prior to menstrual cycle but others works great with no other side effects.
I take 0.125 twice a day (yes, 0.125mg). I know that sounds like a low dose, but it works wonders for me.  I still have some days where I feel a bit anxious and panicky, but all in all those days are getting less and less.  I think if I went up a little on my dose it would probably cure it 100%, but I am currently also trying to learn some cognitive behavior methods, and with that you need to feel some of the anxiety to overcome it.  I really think it has given me my life back.  It does make me a little tired, but that side effect is even going away with continued use.  I am out driving, and doing things I never thought I could ever do again, and I am doing them all by myself.  Life saver!
I have been taking this for about to months to see if it would help with the constant yi I was getting with my previous bc, it made it worse , I read some reviews before taking this and read alot of ppl going threw depression but thought to myself its not gonna happen to me , this made me depressed , to the point NOT wanting to commit suicide but thinking omg this is why ppl think about it , I hated my life and there is nothing in my life to be upset about and making this worse was this pill made me COMPLETELY lose my sex drive , no wonder the pill works because it makes not even have the erge to have sex , I stopped taking this pill , I wouldnt recommend this pill to anyone . I only gave it a 7 cuz it did its job
I started taking this pill a few months back. The first two weeks were really bad. I bled constantly, acted crazy and called my Dr to get off of it. She asked me to stick with it for a month. So glad I did! I haven 't had a period since, which I love. I 've lost 6 lbs with no change to my diet and my breasts are up a size! I have so much energy. This pill is amazing. Stick through the first pack. It 's tough, but very much worth it.
I got anxiety attack and that lead to irritable bowel syndrome. My Dr. recommended Effexor 150mg/day. I used that since 2001. It works well, no problems, makes me happy all time but when I eat something with milk, immediate I have diarrhea.
I 've had Nexplanon for almost 2 years now, I got it a few months after giving birth. It has worked so far in preventing pregnancy. Here is a list of my side effects. 1. Weight gain: I had lost all my baby weight. Have gained 20 pounds. Not all at once, but gradually. My diet was not the cause of the weight gain, I have not changed my diet. So I 'm adding weight gain as a side effect.2. Depressed mood:  mood swings. I get depressed and in funk a lot easier.3. Lack of energy:  I have found myself chugging down more coffee to keep afloat. I 'm always tired.4. Low libido: I naturally have high testosterone and was always interested in sex,  but with Nexplanon I 'm  not very interested in sex. Like now, I can careless about being intimate.
Have been using this for 2 years. It does work to control the areas but only while using it. When I stop the spots come back as normal. Thankfully it does temporarily work
Was prescribed this after a 5-day, then a 7-day course of a different antibiotic each time led to bronchial symptoms (with increased body temperatures) never fully going away and strongly reasserting themselves in a few days. The 500mg tablets are a pain to swallow (you need lots of water to flush them all the way down) and, as most respondents report, cause a permanent nasty bitter taste in the mouth. However, by Day 3 I was feeling much better and now mid-way through Day 4 coughing nearly gone and phlegm much reduced. Temperature also back to normal. In short, feel practically ready resume working.
Sonata for the most part is great. I 've had insomnia for years now and nothing seemed to phase me. I 'm taking two 10mg and while it does work, I have those night where it doesn 't do anything. Can 't even tell I took it. I usually take it around 10pm. I 've noticed if I have any food in my stomach it doesn 't work or doesn 't work as well. If I take it on an empty stomach it works great. With my schedule I sometimes can 't  eat until around 8:30-9:00 pm so on those nights I usually don 't even take it because I know it won 't work. Also, sometimes I wake up after about 4-5 hours of sleep and can 't go back to sleep. Then some nights I sleep all night. Not sure if it 's just me but it seems like sonata is very finicky.
I was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2007, 5 days after my 23rd birthday. For the first year I took Copaxone, and it did absolutely nothing for me. Then, since my MS was so aggressive, my doctors chose Tysabri for me. I have loved every minute of being on the medication. Not only have I been stable for 4 years, but my old lesions have shrunk in size. Unfortunately, due to being on the mediation for so long and coming back with a positive JC Virus test I am being taken off the medication which scares me to death. My advice to anyone considering the wonderful medication is that you have a serious conversation about the possibility of PML while on the medication. It 's a choice of life or death. 1 in 250 people on Tysabri with a positive test are at risk.
This drug has worked for me for the last year.  It actually started working the first couple of days I used it and then I titrated up to a dose twice a day and it has enabled me to be on a more even mood throughout the day.  Just be careful when the doctor mixes it with other anxiety medicines or depression medicines. You could be susceptible to serotonin overload, I mixed it with a high dose trazodone for sleep issues and found that it made my anxiety worse and more apparent to people, so I switched to Limbitrol which seems to work well with it and don 't forget, if you stop these drugs don 't do it cold turkey. I stopped trazodone and went into withdrawal symptoms that triggered a major seizure for me!
Side effects = Joint pain, sex drive decreased, teeth grinding
Works well but causes dry throat and dry nose.  Combined with melatonin and was out within 20 minutes.
The first two months of use, I broke out bad. I read reviews that said this might happen as it 's balancing everything out. I stuck with it. 14 months in and I 'm a happy girl. Little to no cramping (used to be quite severe) 3-4 days of light bleeding and my skin is so happy! Occasionally get a pimple or two but absolutely no more cystic acne! My moods are balanced and haven 't experienced weight gain. I didn 't experience any nausea or abnormal pain. I 'm 37 and this is the right pill for me.
I admit, I bought and used this product before reading reviews. Bc I despise using anu thing but Diflucan, but I had no option. I 'm impatient and enjoy immediate results. I used this product and then immediately read reviews and suddenly became terrified. I tried to probe into the deep unknown to fish it out, bc I was sure I 'd have the same negative experience, but a friend assured me she had no issue. So I waited. And I 've waited. And four whiskey and cokes + 6 hours later, there is no apocalyptic ending. I feel totally normal. It burns slightly, as does all Monistat.  I feel for those with adverse experiences, but mine is normal.  It 's just fine. Whether or not it worked is TBD.  But at least my vagina is hellfire and brimstone free.
I have had nexplanon for 5 months and I have mixed feelings about it. When it first got inserted I have a period for about 2 weeks and then didn 't have one for about 3 months (woohoo!) But now I have had spotting for about 3 weeks and it is just annoying. I haven 't experienced any other side effects which is why I give it an 8. I just want the spotting to stop! A friend told me she had experienced the same thing but her spotting only lasted two weeks - hoping it stops soon.
I faced problems with acne through all my life and now, with 26 years old, I 'm still with the same issues (the only notable difference is where the pimples grow). I have adult acne (hormonal acne) and this condition started to really bother me at the beginning of October; I was with 5-6 cystic pimples in my chin and left cheek. So I decided to seek for a  'birth control pill free ' treatment (side effects sucks) and went to the dermatologist. She prescribed me 100 mg of spironolactone and topic tretinoin 0,25mg/g with clindamycin fosfate 12mg/g. I was really excited to get rid of this problem, but actually, It just get worse. I 've had the WORST breakout ever (a lot of cystic acne and some pustules), and was facing dizziness and fainting sensations
First off, I quit! I am on day 11 so not 100% self assured it will last but I am 3 days smoke free. I have no cravings to smoke but the habit is still there so If I am around triggers I do tend to want to go for a smoke. I did try one today. I put it out. Made me sick feeling and tasted gross. Didn 't even inhale fully. So it is working.Side effect: The nausea is INTENSE!!! Maybe if you eat properly it will be less for you, I don 't know. Sleep is horrid. I sleep at max 90minutes at any given time. Most often I sleep in spurts of 30-60minutes. As such I am quite tired. I am on Topamax as well so carbonated drinks like pop are off the table to help me with me day so I feel drugged all day. Odd and rather vivid dreams. Not bad, just odd.
I recommend this medication and especially for women with PCOS. I started out at 220 pounds in feb 2015 and today Oct. 2015 I weigh 173!! The process has been a good pace and they would up the dosage if I felt like I needed them to. I 've always had a very active job and lifestyle and I 've always ate right with the occasional cheat meal. This medication is perfect with low carbs, lots of water intake, active body or exercise, small portioned meals, and if you have PCOS vitamen B! Make sure medication is taken in morning after breakfast on empty stomach but not to late in afternoon. There are some mood swings but just when I switched to a higher dosage and that would go away. Everybody is different too! Other then that enjoy the comments!
I got Liletta inserted on January 10th at 2pm. The pain from the scale of 1-10, was a 9.7. I never had kids, no abortions. I swore out loud when I had this inserted. It wasn 't a pain I ever felt before and that 's having 3 tattoos and piercings as well as wisdom teeth surgery, and a cyst removal on my shoulder. This was PAIN. The serious pain though lasted I would say 2-3min. After was serious cramping like I 've never had before. The next 2-3 days was spotting brown and weird colors, I don 't know. The cramping was INTENSE. I don 't normally have bad cramps on my period, but holy cow these cramps had me on the floor, on the couch, on the bed curled up in a ball... It 's the 16th of January and I feel SO much better! No cramps or bloating! :)
I 've had fibromyalgia for over 8 years and my doctor put me on Mobic 8 months ago and it worked great. However, I am not sure if it is no longer working or if my myalgia is getting worse because I have had to change my medication recently. It works great for inflammation but it doesn 't work alone to help fight all the symptoms.
Best if using to think that this medication was bumped to schedule II on October, 6th 2014!It helps with pain. But must see the doc every month, which is a painful journey among other daily activities that can burden those who have permanent back damage, or Chronic (close to permanent back pain) ~back pain. Best to get 10mg dose, then able to break and take less or more depending on the day, pain, movement anticipated, etc. 
I have suffered from motion sickness my entire life on boats, in cars and on amusement rides.  I have used OTC medicines like dramamine but the side effect of sleepiness was so overpowering, I couldn 't even enjoy the activity.  I recently heard of this wonder drug called Transderm and after reading reviews and speaking to a pharmacist, I decided to put it to the test at Tampa Bay Busch Gardens.  WOW!!!!! I had the best time ever.  I rode every ride and only one of them made me feel a LITTLE dizzy and nauseous during and briefly after.  I did feel a bit drowsy as well for about five minutes but this was minor. The dry mouth was probably the biggest side effect I experienced.  Overall, it was a success and I would use again.
I had a sinus infection 20 years ago that spread to my left eye &amp; left frontal lobe of my brain. I had surgery on my sinuses, left eye, and my left temporal lobe of my brain removed and now have a plastic plate on the left side of my head. So I have frequent sinus infections and headaches. I was given generic Bactrim  from the VA. I have taken it 2 days and my sinuses have cleared up any.So I am still having headaches but now have nausea, and diarrhea and stomach pains. I just hope it gets rid of the infection.
I have been taking Pristiq 200mg for over 2 years and it has worked well for me. I have tried a number of SSRIs and this has been the best but isn 't perfect. If I forget to take my tablets at breakfast time by mid afternoon I feel very nauseous, lose balance and feel tired. Routine is important with these tablets. Side effects for me include, some sexual performance issues, some weight gain and poor short term memory. I have had problems with generic versions of pristiq so stick to the real stuff now.
I was so scared to try this birth control but my doctor recommend it to me. I wanted to at the time totry Yaz &quot;miracle pill &quot; because I suffer from PMDD and I thought that it would work out for me but she advised me to try Seasonique because you only get your period 3-4 times a year, so this is my second month and and it is working out great no weight gain and no acne. A little spotting but that 's not a problem. Thought nothing would help me. This pill has saved my life and my marriage. I would get so crazy when it was time for my period. Love this. It worked out for me but everybody is different. You just have try to find the right one for you. I would read a lot of reviews and get scared but just try a birth control for 3 months then you will know.
I have fibromalgya too - its been helpful as a painkiller!
I posted last week after I took plan b, I promised I would write my experience if it worked and it did. Took the one called &quot;take action&quot; 26 hours after the &quot;incident&quot;. Was absolutely terrified because I 'm extremely fertile and it was on the day I normally ovulate, and I have never waited that long for the morning after pill so I was extra nervous about getting pregnant. My side effects were absolutely horrible and they are so similar to actually being pregnant it 's insane. I was fine the first couple days, just makes my head feel weird and I get emotional, but days after I was super dizzy and nauseas. I started 2 days early and it 's pretty bad, but better than being pregnant. Try to relax, pretty sure it works.
This medicine does wonders with making my blood sugar lower; however, I had extreme diarrhea and I felt nauseous for awhile. My doctor put me on slow release and while it helped me with diarrhea, my blood sugar would always be higher so I switch back to the regular kind and I am still having extreme diarrhea. Other than that this medicine is great.
Really helps in the morning but seems to wear off rather quickly. I will try an additional dose in the afternoon.
I have had migraines since age 19, at that time etiology unknown, but at 34 I was in an auto accident and found to have moderately severe scoliosis, and in 2006 I required a L4-5 S1 spinal fusion. I can control most migraines with either oral rizatriptan or rescue injections of sumatriptan, but 12/2014 I had a bilateral mastectomy for cancer with clearn margins and no involved lymph nodes. The added stress this past year caused severe migraines not responsive to injections. After numerous ER visits my primary physician prescribed 5mg oral Reglan prn nausea with migraine, and I now have relief with one-half tablet and sumatriptan injection. Reglan is sedating, calming, and I have 80% success in migraine relief.
My cardiologist recommend this drug to relieve shortness of breath at night due to atrial fibrillation. The sublingual 0.4 mg tablet gives a slight burning sensation under the tongue, which is not uncomfortable. A slight headache was felt on the forehead but was of short duration. The immediate dilation of the blood vessels achieves relief within one minute. Very positive results.
The drug works. I needed to exercise.  Without exercise I experience headaches and weird dreams. But when I get out and walk, I feel much much better and the weight comes off faster to. I went from 265lb down to 195lb and my enthusiasm for walking and finally hitting the gym, increased.  I lost all the cravings and especially the feeling that I 'm hungry all the time. That helped me get started. Then eating very little each day and exercising is the key. HOWEVER, don 't stop taking the drug cold turkey. I did that, and I turned lethargic and my hunger and cravings for fast food, doughnuts, ice cream and sugary drinks hit twice as hard and I gained back 85 pounds. Now I have to start all over.
I was on this for 2 years. It was really good. I had very consistent, light periods with no major period symptoms. I liked being on this, but the one major drawback is my sex drive essentially disappeared. I had to get off it or risk my 7 year relationship as I had no desire to be intimate at all.
I 've had it in for a couple months so far it 's been good. A little spotting every once in a while only hurt for a couple hours on the first day I got it put in. I 'm 18 years old no kids. Works great I 'm satisfied with it. Don 't get long periods just about 2 hour long at the most. Partner says he doesn 't feel string. Hurts ever once in a while.
I really like this medicine because it calms my nerves right down. I am now entering week 3 of a rather bad episode of cyclic vomiting syndrome. (Started 5/3/12) but any how when I can keep them down these are the best for my nerves and reasonably priced as well.
I hadn 't been on birth control before the patch but my experience on it has been pretty pleasant. My period is a lot shorter and it comes exactly 3 days after I take my patch off for my week off. The only negative I have found is that I am way more emotional than I have ever been in my life. I cry way more often (when I 'm wearing the patch and on my period). Which I find very strange since I had gone from not crying ever, to crying about once a week.
I 'm 19 years old and have been on Effexor for about 2 years now. The day before my High School graduation I went on it after having a huge panic attack and finally being diagnosed with anxiety (surprisingly I never knew I had it). This has given me my life back. I can 't remember when my last panic attack was. I 'd recommend it.
It definitely helped with cramping and diarrhea but I still did have the occasional episode of diarrhea. However, after 5 months I 'm back to where I started. I don 't know how I feel about having to take an antibiotic every 5 months or if thats even recommended/safe.
So far I 'm losing weight only be using for a week.
I have been on Levora for about 2 years now, and I 'm about to switch.  What I like about the pill is that it works great. I 'm forgetful and haven 't gotten pregnant. When I miss, I can 't double up because I will get highly nauseous. I also have to take three months straight before I can take the placebo week. If not, I will wake up in the middle of the night on the first night back and throw up. Other issues I 've had: nausea, headaches, weight gain, anxiety, excessive crying over nothing, I 'm easily irritated and angered, increased hunger. The worst side effect however, has been my sex drive. It has completely gone. I have to talk myself into having sex with my husband. Not cool.
I had my first grand mal at age 35.  I started taking 500mg of Keppra 1x a day and eventually worked down to 250mg 1x a day without any seizures.  My doctor and I decided to take me off the medicine as there has been no epilepsy detected in all the testing I have done.  After being off the medicine for 30 days I had another grand mal.  So, I started taking the minimal dosage of 1/2 of a 250mg pill once a day.  It has been over a year now and I have not had another seizure.  I do experience dizziness at the beginning of my day before I take my pill.  After a few hours I feel fine.  I also sometimes experience drowsiness, tiredness, agitation, anger, anxiety, depression, irritability and occasional panic attacks.   I 'd rather have these than seizures!
I am taking this medicine for Tendonitis from shoulder to wrist. Before Naproxen I had zero strength and very minimal movement. After a week on Naproxen (after 2 hours) I have most movement and strength.Side effects are nausea but it is mild. Apparently, the anti-inflammatory properties are just as beneficial to healing, as is the pain relief (relaxation of tendons). 
Not that bad aftet worrying from reading reviews..Not great tasting took few sips each time about 5 mins to get it down...started in 10 mins or so with bowel movements ...mostly water..and they slowed down in a hr. 3 hrs later still having pretty much like pee coming out but definitely slowing down. I hope morning goes as well as now....really no need to worry ...way better than expected...guess it was better to be prepared for the worst.
I have been on and off Strattera for last two years. Strangely enough besides some dry mouth and dizziness at the beginning I have no side effects at all. I went up on my dose to 75 now. The only problem is that it is hard for me to say if it works or not.
I 've taken Wellbutrin in the past and just recent starting taking it again. I like the way it makes me feel. I have more energy. I 'm more awake during the day. I 'm happy and I like going to work everyday.
I 've only been taking this for one month for premenstrual dysphoric disorder and haven 't even had my first period on it. So far I have felt generally more level and have found I have more energy. I take it at 10pm so any nausea is whilst I sleep. I have been waking at 5am but slowly things are improving on that front. I used to have joint pain with my PMDD and my knee joints don 't hurt anymore. I have gained 2 pounds but I have also been eating winter comfort food so it could be that! I plan to exercise now my energy is returning so hopefully I can start to lose all my pregnancy weight from 2 pregnancies.  So far so good - actually interested to see if my periods are lighter as they were awful before.
This comment is to Ginger A. I know exactly what you mean! I am 19, male, and have acute fibromyalgia. Fibromyalgia usually affects males very differently than females. In males the pain is usually in the face or back, where as in females the pain is usually in the hands, legs, or back. I have taken Darvocet before for my Fibromyalgia, and it worked for about a week, and then it was useless. Plus it made me very drowsy. I suppose it 's worth a try if the side effects are low, and it is working well for you. As is suggested for any drug. Moving on to stronger pain medication, and maybe Lyrica. Hope this helps.
Ice been taking hydroxy 50mg for a month now for anxiety and it does calm me down and not to mention the itching every where i get on my body when being anxious. Love it i usually try and take it at bed time only cuz it does knock me out
I have used several different antidepressants and this is the best so far.  I have more energy(still not much), sleep better and fewer thoughts of suicide.
Hello all! It works if you let it!! I 'm very pleased, it 's only been a month but I can DEFINITELY see/feel the difference. I 've had moments when I would get a just &quot;little&quot; cranky but nothing I can 't handle. I 've experienced those dreaded dreams but I haven 't experienced the &quot;waking up in a cold sweat&quot; kind of dream, they 're mild nothing too crazy, Thank God lol. But the worse thing for me is the nausea and the tired feeling. With the nausea I had to make sure I had something on my stomach,  and still keep ginger ale at my side. The tired feeling got so bad I started taking them at night because I wasn 't able to really perform at work. Everyone is different but I hope some of this info helps. GL!!
I seem to have quite a different experience. The bad things about it is that I have been on my period constantly for 7 months. Everyday. But I also have never had acne, gained weight or anything like that. I have kind of been moody but not too bad. The insertion wasn 't painful at all just a little sore afterwards. The only down fall would be is having a period for that long. It 's horrible. But I 'm not pregnant or anything so I recommend it.
I started having mild ankle pain about two years ago that increased to severe pain now.  Doctor 's still can 't figure out what 's wrong with me or what is causing the pain.  Is it my back or my actual ankle?  I have been put on many pain medications which haven 't worked till now.  I am currently taking Norco 7.5 along with Gabapentin 300 mg 3 times a day and I am able to function.  At first, I was scared because I didn 't want to become addicted but, when you can 't function at all due to the severe pain, you put all those fears aside and you go for it.  At first you do feel a little high with the med but, your body become adjusted to it and you begin to feel normal and with less, LESS pain.  Take your meds as directed &amp; follow up with your MD.
I have migraines and vertigo. This medicine helped my inflammation after surgery. However I had 3 days of vertigo and headaches. The dr. stopped the med and Everything came back to normal.
I thought the Nuvaring method would be great because I don 't have to worry about taking birth control for 3 weeks and I can take it out whenever I want if I don 't end up liking it. I also liked that the hormones are placed right where they need to go: right at the uterus.  It was OK at first.  I 'm very petite so it was hard to get it in the right place. I felt good with the regular cycle assisted by the hormones.  The first month I had about 10 days of spotting before my period.  About 2 months in I started getting plantars wart 's on my foot and on my hand. Then I got a fungal rash underneath my breast.  This has never happened before.  Then I started to lose enjoyment for my schoolwork, athletic activities. I will stop using Nuvaring.
Like many of you, I was scared of the possible side effects, but decided to give the implant a try anyway. I was not on my period when I got the implant, but this didn 't cause any changes in my cycle. I have been experiencing random spotting, but it has been very light. It caused me to be incredibly moody for the first three weeks, and occasionally I will have a few sensitive moments, but for the most part, my mood has leveled out. Initially, the implant did stimulate my appetite, but that has also subsided. Due to me following a healthy diet and exercising regularly, I 've been successful in losing several pounds in the month and a half that I 've had Nexplanon. All in all, my personal experience has been positive.
My Dr prescribed me 20 mg a day for severe edema in my feet, legs, knees, stomach &amp; hands.I even started to develop water blisters on my feet &amp; developed high blood pressure. My bp was 155/96 after I took the meds, first day worked very well. I went to the bathroom 4 times really well. Then within one day I noticed I lost 7 pounds! But after you take it awhile you 'll notice you won 't pee as much, and weight loss will be slower. But it does work just remember to take potassium pills, and eat foods with potassium like bananas. Also eat a low sodium diet!!! :)
I 've been taking Gildess for about 11 months now. I have Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome, so my periods are normally very far and few. I was prescribed Gildess to regulate my periods, but mainly to help with PMDD. Since taking Gildess, it has helped tremendously with my anger/depression. My mood swings are gone, but I 've gained 40 pounds! One of the side effects of this med is weight gain and cravings for carbs and sweets. I like what Gildess has done for my mood, but I hate the weight gain. That may be a factor in me stopping this medication soon.
Have had YEARS of irritable bowel syndrome with constipation. Bowel movement usually only twice per week...in and out of the bathroom for several hours, cramping and pain that would sometimes give me cold sweats. Then exhaustion and residual intestinal ache all day. No one understood. Fiber was useless. Several bouts of diverticulitis. Never realized that IBS and contipation could contribute to the development of diverticulosis. To me Linzess is a miracle. Yes you do need to be near a bathroom and the bowel motions are mostly liquid in this first 2 weeks I have been taking it. But NO PAIN, RESIDUAL ACHE OR EXHAUSTION! I can take it and go to work. Going out...just get up a little earlier. I even feel better and more energetic overall.
This was my first colonoscopy so I have no other prep to base it on but after reading several reviews and getting tips from my friends ..here is my report.My test was Tuesday am.  I ate very lightly Sat and Sun,low fiber,easily digested foods. Monday, I drank gatorade and broth and ate jello. I started the prep at 6 pm (due to work) I put it in the fridge so it was very cold and also added very cold water as suggested. I used a straw to drink it. The taste is pretty bad but with the straw it went quickly.Within 30 minutes it started working. Around 915 pm it finally stopped. I used baby wipes and vaseline as suggested by another reviewer and it really helped. The am prep wasn 't as bad- was only able to do 1/2. The test is a breeze.Good Luck
I just took my second dose I recommend TAKING THIS PILL ON A FULL STOMACH this will help minimize the side effects. So far I have experienced no side effects of this medication. I don 't feel sick and my stomach is just fine and if possible take the pill and just go to sleep for about 20 to 30 minutes right after taking it. PLEASE TAKE WITH FOOD OR ON A FULL STOMACH !!!
I started taking this rx after years of severe constipation.  I thought this was just a &quot;woman&quot; thing.  I never knew IBS was also a constipation thing.  I started out on Linzess and was moved to this drug as a cheaper alternative that was maybe better.  So, 5 days into it I had nothing.....belly bloat, looked pregnant, and miserable.  Day 6 came and let 's say it was terrible, poo all over my bed as I slept.  Day 7, poo all over the bed again.  As I slept, severe diarrhea.  So now I sleep with my first pair of diaper underpants.  ?????I am 49, this is not a part of my life I wish to have at this point.
Have been taking Neurontin for 6 days, dramatic decrease in number and severity of hot flushes!
I went to the doctor looking for a contraceptive that would also help with the acne around my jaw line. I don 't really get pimples anywhere but around my chin and mouth. I would say that my acne, at its worst was decently severe in that area. Anyway, when I first started using Loestrin Fe 24, my acne in that area was absolutely outrageous. I was getting huge cysts that were very painful. I would get 2 to 3 new ones a week. It was very disheartening, but I decided to stick it out. By the third pack, I watched my acne disappear. I am now on my 4th pack and only get one or two small whiteheads (not big scarring cysts) right before I start taking the iron pills. I like this birth control and with time, I believe it helps acne.
I don 't like using medicines at all, especially long-term, but Celebrex did tame my symptoms enough for me to be able to pursue other therapies.  It wasn 't perfect. I still limped and had some pain and stiffness issues but it made a world of difference.  I am now off of it, and have taken a big hit in my flexibility and mobility. 
I took Zovia for about 6 months mainly to regulate as well as clear up my skin. It did those things wonderfully however, I had the WORST night sweats imaginable! I would wake up in the middle of the night soaking wet. I 'd have to change my clothes &amp; sleep on a towel. It was awful! This problem outweighed the benefits so I took myself off. I did get depressed before my period also.
I have used Alli for approximately 4 years to control weight from getting worse. I depend on it being diabetic and it has now been recalled. I take up to 4 x 5 pill servings of high quality fiber but without the Alli I am having a horrifying time with bowel movements and rectal bleeding. The bleeding was going on while taking Alli but is worse without. I know there have to be others like me that need to relate as well,and that IS POSITIVE!
I take Bystolic 10mg for high blood pressure and high heart rate. It controls my blood pressure wonderfully but doesn 't help my heart rate nearly as well, tends to wear off after about 6 hrs. Also experience some stomach upset but no other side effects.
I was 29, dealing with stress that raised my blood pressure when I was placed on 10 mg of Bystolic. It worked immediately and I felt it had no side effects besides helping me sleep most nights uninterrupted. After taking the medicines for 8 months I began feeling lightheaded and got blood pressure in the neighborhood of 90/50 so I stopped use with support from my doctor. I 've been getting healthy readings since . However, at my doctor 's visit I realized I 'd gained a pound a month since starting Bystolic. I  first quit cold turkey, on my own- bad idea- I experienced mild vertigo and the &quot;heavy leg&quot; feeling some people have reported (which I also felt on the drug). Now it 's out of my system and I feel great- much more alert, energized, and losing weight much more easily.
In early elementary school I was diagnosed with ADHD. It 's not common for females to have it. I started on ritalin. It helped, but I stopped taking it in high school because I was worried about the stigma. In University I took it off and on. After graduating, I took it only during major changes because it helped me cope, but I never wanted to rely on it. Now I 'm trying to get my career going in the field I want to be in and I 'm stressed out of my mind. I have anxiety and my family doc is concerned I 'm going through depression. I 'm back on Concerta and have been for a few days. It is the 18mg dosage, but while I feel a bit more focused, sadly I feel more focused on my emotions. Hopefully when I move up to 27mg I will be less forgetful and anxious.
I took the morning after pill after the condom slipped right before ovulation. I have been pregnant and the side effects made me feel exactly the same way as when I was pregnant. My period was five days late and I was convinced that I was pregnant. Two days after I started my period, the symptoms subsided.
I have suffered depression since childhood, also obsessive compulsive disorder and starting in my 20 's major depressive disorder w/ psychotic features and massive anxiety.  I have been on many of the SSRI 's and they even tried me on lithium on one occasion, but it seemed to do nothing.  One anti depressant that did work for me for 2 years was Nefazadone,  it made me feel normal and even above the normal line.  I am also diagnosed with dysthymia.  One day the nefazadone quit working and I went into a major depression for months.  I currently am on a high dose of Venlafaxine, 300 mg a day, but it is working.  About a half hour after taking my morning meds I start to feel a lot better, and anxiety is nearly gone.
I got my Nexplanon in March of 2014. So I 've had it a year now, and I bled for about 3 weeks but it was light, and I have an actual period sometimes. I like it, for the most Part. Mine still hurts and tingles sometimes, but its all good.
I have very active rheumatoid arthritis, I started Actemra in May 2010, it took 8 or 9 months for it to start working. March 2014, I had a low white blood count, called Neutropenia. Stopped Actemra for 3 months, now I 'm on a 1/2 a dose. Tried many other meds over the years, but nothing worked like Actemra for me. I hope I can keep taking it. Time will tell. So many side effects to look out for. 55 year old female on Medicare.
I am suffering the furiously itchy armpits right now after use. I 'm hoping it doesn 't get worse this time. I know it works, but the irritation has been bad in the past. I last used this 6 years ago when I had shaven right before use and was left with scabs and infected looking rashes. Luckily, it faded in a few days but I swore it off after that. Then, a couple years later I had a baby and nursed for two years so obviously I did not want these chemicals near her face. However, my hyperhidrosis seems to have worsened in the past couple years. I will sit at an IEP (Individualized Education Program) meeting wearing all black (I am not goth but I dress like it) and sweating to my elbows. Drysol is the clear retort. The Itchiness is misery but I will wear a colorful top tomorrow!
Lithium saved my life by suppressing totally my suicidal thoughts. I would say it works moderately well for my hypomanias (we still had to add an antipsychotic) and moderately well for my depression symptoms (we had to add an antidepressant). I don&rsquo;t feel drowsy, numb, slow or zombie.There is only one side effect I HATE : the tremors. Even Inderal doesn&rsquo;t remove them completely. A single cup of coffee makes them 2X worse.
I 've been on the patch for almost 4 years. I never had a problem with it, other than the fact that I 've gained about 30lbs in the past 3 years. I was on the patch for a while and then went off of it. In the summer of 2010 I went back on and since then I have not been able to lose any weight. I don 't know if it is from the patch but I have recently gone off (I can 't afford it, and my presription is done) and I want to see if it will help me lose weight. I am very moody, and have breast tenderness during period, but I knew exactly the day I would get my period and when I would be done, it was always light and cramping was minimal. It think it 's a great form of birth control (pretty pricy) but great. Just be aware of weight gain!!
The product is working so well for my athletic pre-teen daughter. As she began to get very involved with sports, a lot of sweat and acne came. Now, using Duac, her acne has cleared and is under control. Her face isn 't so oily like before. She has a couple of blemishes, but nothing at all like before!
I was prescribed Cymbalta after taking Zoloft for a few months. Zoloft was horrible but when my prescription was changed to Cymbalta, my anxiety and everything else seemed to lessen. I was more calm in handling situations and my husband seemed pleased with the change in my attitude. For the first week while on Cymbalta, the experience was horrible. I had all the side effects listed and more but I was determined to stay on it. It only lasted a week then things became more clear. The only thing I FEAR is the withdrawals. I 've experienced it accidentally when the medication wasn 't available to me. 
I just started using Bydureon on 11-30-2012 and this is the first time I have ever had to have an injection, it was easy to mix and inject. So far no side effects and sugar is doing ok. Really have to wait for about 3-4 more weeks for true results but have fingers crossed..I am  52 year old male taking 2 other oral meds and hope to be able to cut back..
This product worked well the first time I used it and got rid of the infection for quite a while.  But it did not work on recurrent infections.  There is no burning or itching after insertion.
I was having sex with my boyfriend in the car and he was really rough so the condom broke. We rushed to walgreens and got the Take Action for $30 cause the Black Friday sale was still going (lucky us). This was the first time I ever had to take one of the pills but after I did I immediately felt like my stomach was feeling odd. I was ok until the next morning I woke up with bad cramps. I was supposed to get my period around this time so I guess that could be it but my symptoms have never been that severe. I took it November 26 and I just got my period today. I 'll update and tell you guys how long it lasts.
As a 17 year old I have taken these pills sparingly during the beginning of my most painful cycles. Depending on the severity of the pain the medicine can take from 15 minutes to an hour to take effect (the longer time for the more painful cycles). Also severe cramps may still be felt when the medicine is in full swing although it feels like a minor cramp.
Last year I had both my hips replaced (at 2 separate times) and was prescribed opioids. Within days I had horrible constipation, tried the over the counters first suggested by my surgeon with no relief.  I addressed this with my surgeon during my followup visit and asked him about Movantik, I remember seeing the commercial.  He stated that he never heard of it before, looked it up and gave me a script. Took Movantik the next morning by that evening I had my first bowel moment and felt so much better.  I did experience a little cramping  but I would take that over the constipation any day.  Was only on my opoid for two weeks so stopped the Movantik at the same time.  I was just shocked how my surgeon had never heard of Movantik before.
I got some samples from my MD, and after 4 days I 'm feeling much better. First time in about a year I 've been able to empty my bladder. First time in years I 've slept through the night. There seem to be a couple of side effects; slight headache, back stiffness. Nothing as bad as lying in bed, awake, in pain, or being afraid to sit in a theatre for 2 hours. It 's going to be expensive, but I 'll save money on Flomax and endless bottles of Saw Palmetto.
I 'm 27, female, married, student, smoked a pack a day. We quit at day 6 and it gets easier everyday. You realize your triggers and find other ways to deal with the stress. It 's not too different than quitting cold turkey. It 's comforting though to know that even if you caved in and smoked there would be no relief. My advice: Take with food and give yourself time to take it slow while the nausea goes away, Staying busy helps. I haven 't had a problem with depression, but I 've been emotional. Nightmares aren 't a problem. I haven 't felt rested since I started. I had a problem with sleepwalking. The &quot;sleep disturbances&quot; are scary but I say it 's worth it as long as they don 't become dangerous. I 've been counting calories to help with weight gain.
I got this bc a few months after having my daughter, I 've had it for about 2 years now. I love the fact that I don 't have periods with it. but the bad part is I exercise at least 4 times a week for around 2 hours at a time and I eat a very healthy diet and I can not loose the weight I have put on with this bc. I 've also had horrible mood swings
I have been using this pill for 1 week now, this is my first birth control pill I have used. I am 15 and mainly wanted it for my acne and I had really really bad cramps and heavy periods. my OBGYN told me to start it on the day I started my period so I did that. The first day my head felt cloudy, and I felt as if I was high. When I woke up the next morning I had to run to the bathroom and threw up, mainly just dry heaves. I normally bloat when I 'm on my period but I seem bigger than usual and my breast are extremely tender. But other people said it decreased there sex drive but I feel like it has done the complete opposite for me. My periods normally last for 8 days and I 'm on my 4th right now with little to no bleeding.
Been on straight codeine 7 years 12 daily just came a habit. In the end til today I crunched up bad enuough to almost drop my 3month old baby...hubby had to come home from work practically lift me in the car to the docs...ended up gtn a cordisone injection plus norflex and naproxen omg am so relaxed right now first time in years.
I started this with my Zoloft and klonopins about 6 days ago. I just had one set back , feel pretty good so far. I do get splitting headaches but I don 't know if its from this. I 'm on 5 mg at nite, &amp; can sleep now. It causes a dry mouth, but tolerable. sleep on and off in the morning , breasts are sore and getting bigger. gonna stick this out a little longer
I am only on day 4, and this medication is working better for me to lower my numbers than Diovan, but I am having a lot of muscle aches and pains.  My body feels a bit like I have the flu but I am not feverish or sick....I just hurt all over.  Just wondering if anyone else experienced that and if it will get better after a time.
I have been on this birth control 2 weeks now. Only dislike is I have gotten a few pimples and my period was like 9 days long. But it hasn 't made me feel sick or any other side effect I was worried about. I guess so far so good. We shall see how the next period goes.
I 've been on 25mg of Zoloft for 7 days now and during that time I had 3 good days and 4 bad days. Thus is actually pretty good since I haven 't had a good day in 2 months. Based on other reviews and the general use, I 'm very lucky to seeing some good days since they say it could take 2 weeks and between 50 and 200mg. I 'm hopeful I don 't have to go up and continue the horrible ride I 've been on trying different antidepressants and benzos which I blame for a lot of my anxiety.
For a boy (19 years old) taking this Vaccination I havent gotten any bad side effects other then my arm being sore from the shot itself, I took my third shot today and I 've been reading a lot of bad things about Gardasil. I doubt anything bad will happen being that I 've already took the first two. Who knows? Guess Ill just wait and see what happens. As of my experience for now. Nothing but arm soreness and that 's it. I hope everything is fine with this last one. Hope all goes well with everyone who decides to take it!
I started Victoza in August 2010 and had severe results with stomach cramping, diarrhea, no appetite and headaches, which are normal reactions.  After a week, I could not stand the stomach pain and the doctor took me off of it.  I lost 10 pounds during that week and my blood sugars came down significantly.  I stayed off of it for about two weeks and then tried it again at the beginning dose of 0.6.  The reaction was not as severe and I was able to continue it.  Now I am finding that the effectiveness is not as good even with the higher dose.  Has anyone else found this to be true.   I have lost about 20 pounds and my blood sugars are great for me but I want to continue to lose the weight which will be good for my blood sugars.
I had not slept more than three hours a night for three years due to bipolar, anxiety and depression , aggravated by life problems. This medication at 25 mg lets me sleep 8 to 10 hours but only if I take it right before turning out the light and only of it 's quiet and everyone else is in bed. Otherwise it doesn 't work, I don 't sleep and I spend the next day &quot;hungover.&quot; So get ready for bed, read your book,  close your door, take the pill and enjoy. It 's changed my life and given me a new chance.
I had the Mirena inserted at my 6-week postpartum check up in August 2014. The procedure was easy, no worse than any other OB/GYN experience. The first couple of months, my period was abnormal but eventually I had little to no periods at all (which is typical). The only negatives I have about Mirena is that it does hurt sometimes during sex if the intercourse gets a little intense. Also, I am completely convinced that it is the cause of my weight gain. I had lost all of my pregnancy weight and plus some before I had it put in. Since having Mirena, I have gained 40 pounds.
I am 66 and have been getting up 6-7 times a night to urinate. Previously I tried Flomax, but this made me dizzy. My Urologist suggested Rapaflo which I have been taking for 5 days. I now go 3-4 times per night. No side effects, but noticed feel a bit lethargic and my nose is runny. I have been using only 4 mg size and may ask to try the 8 mg as I am a big guy (6 '3&quot; 205 lbs).
Ive been on Buspar for about 6 months or so for anxiety. I first started off taking 5 mg 2 times a day. Then went to 10 mg 2 times a day.Lately I have a I do not care attitude! This is not me. I see my doctor tomorrow. I think I would rather be on the lower dose and still have some anxiety and care....rather than the I do not care attitude
Pristiq has been a catch 22 for me. The medication has helped to stablize my mood and some thought process, but there have been multiple draw backs. During my first 2-3 weeks of taking the medication I was even more tired, had to sleep for at least 3-4 hours after taking the medication, which prompted taking it at night. The BIGGEST DRAW BACK for myself is that Pristiq has made running and physical recovery double in time. I 've added almost 1 minute 20 seconds off of my run time additionally it has become extremely difficult to find the motivation for working out. Because I enjoy competing in triathlons this side effect for me has been devastating. For instance, an 8 mile run that would take me 44 mins took me 1 hour and 9 mins this morning.
It doesn 't work 100% but makes the itching livable and functional. I live in France and 30 tablets cost $5, so I suggest leaving the country if you need meds
I started on Paxil late 1990s for panic disorders and depression...I am 5 '6&quot; and was about 118lbs. Stayed on Paxil about 4 years and came off because I wanted to get pregnant.  It saved my life truly I felt great and I was able to enjoy driving again, going to the mall, able to take an elevator, able to stay at home alone, wait on lines at supermarkets, work without fear of losing it, etc.  after coming off very slowly the good effects lasted about a year. However, while on Paxil I gained 60lbs. After my son was born in 2004 I had postpartum depression so again went back in Paxil it didn 't work as good as the first time but it helped get me back to feeling just alright.  Came off again due to more weight gain.
This was my first colonoscopy so I have no other prep to base it on but after reading several reviews and getting tips from my friends ..here is my report.My test was Tuesday am.  I ate very lightly Sat and Sun,low fiber,easily digested foods. Monday, I drank gatorade and broth and ate jello. I started the prep at 6 pm (due to work) I put it in the fridge so it was very cold and also added very cold water as suggested. I used a straw to drink it. The taste is pretty bad but with the straw it went quickly.Within 30 minutes it started working. Around 915 pm it finally stopped. I used baby wipes and vaseline as suggested by another reviewer and it really helped. The am prep wasn 't as bad- was only able to do 1/2. The test is a breeze.Good Luck
I took it for weight gain. I gained weight but when I stop taking it my weight drops back.
Today was my first day on this medication (30mg). I am 27 year old female, diagnosed at 14 with ADHD. I was prescribes dexies when diagnosed and because of the strength of the narcotic, I wasn 't able to continue them and chose to find alternative ways to deal with my ADHD. As a full time university student and a single mother, I find it difficult to stay focused and keep up with my daily routine. I felt completely overwhelmed recently to the point I would procrastinate and nothing would get done. That in itself caused me anxiety. It was triggered because of that fact I am dealing with a custody battle and that issue has consumed my attention, and felt because of that I was unable to do the things I needed to accomplish. So far so good.
I started using Oracea about four months ago and it has been good for the most part.  But it seems like my face is starting to break out again and I have noticed that my teeth seem dull or a little yellow.  
For years I thought medications could never help me to deal and solve my problems in life, which they can 't. That being said my depression, which I never thought I had, was apparently there. My anxiety levels were high and I seemed to be acting out of my own way of thinking. Relationships were getting strained and friends and family seemed to be exiting my life. Once I talked with my doctor and he prescribed me 10mg first and then 20mg after the first week things changed. Granted it took about 3 weeks before I really started to feel such drastic changes in my thinking and my feelings. I started to feel like my old self again, happy, content, laughing with people and enjoying the person who I know is me!!
I took lamed 24 fe and then got switched to this. it seems the same except I 've had a few headaches but that could be due to being sick the past two weeks. I 've gained a few pounds but that could be because I went from a 32C to now a 30DDD....my skin is about the same maybe a little less breakouts nothing bad at all
I 'm a 35 year old male with a BMI of 40, healthy blood pressure and no diabetes. Last year I was diagnosed with Binge Eating disorder. Cognitive therapy and DBT has been extremely helpful with my condition, but it 's not 100%.  Contrave has provided that extra bit of a safety net that I need when I 'm struggling.  It doesnt make me less hungry, but the Naltrexone blocks the positive feedback from my overeating,  stopping the cycle and helping to break my unhealthy associations with food.  I 've never experienced nausea while on the full dosage.  The main drawback for me is that Contrave is expensive since my insurance does not cover it.  Considering asking my doctor if we can titrate me on a similar dose of generic Naltrexone and Bupropion.
I was on 100mg of Trazodone for sleep and worked pretty good. But my depression got worse and I dreaded going back on the various anti-depressants I had tried and eventually discontinued due to side effects or things improving in my life. I 'm now on 150 mg of Trazodone and it is clearly making a difference. It 's not a magic wand to make everything better, but allows the &quot;fog&quot; of depression to lift a bit so you can see and feel more normal. Side effects less than other anti-depressants and helps me sleep. Yeah!
I have had the Skyla IUD for 5 months. I have never given birth. I am really bad at remembering to take the pill and my husband and I are even worse with condoms. Do not drive yourself to get this IUD implanted unless you know how your body will react - I almost got in a car accident because I was doubled over in pain behind the wheel. Long story short, I bled for 4 straight months (very light, more like bloody discharge than actual period) and the cramping has been intermittent, but incapacitating (drop to the floor) when it hits. My advice: carry around Midol and a heating pad for the first few months because you don 't know when it 's going to strike. It 's too much for me so I 'm going to have it removed after my anniversary in a few months
This medication is the best antidepressant I have taken and believe me I 've tried them all! Works fast, in 5 days I felt normal. I had to go off it due to loss of medical benefits and I had no bad side effects. I started taking it again and felt normal again in 5 days. I 've been on it now 3 yrs straight and it keeps working just as well as it did when I started.
It works fine and produced results in about 5 hrs when I had hemorrhoid related constipation with no bowel motion for a week.
I used nuvaring for about 6 years.  It is very easy to use,  it sits on your cervix just like a tampon. You can 't feel it when it 's in there if you have placed it correctly. Very easy to put in place and remove. It helped a lot with my periods. I am extremely irregular and have awful cramps but the nuvaring helped regulate my periods and helped greatly with cramping. My husband was able to feel it when we had sex but it didn 't really bother him most of the time.  There was one or two occasions where it ended up rubbing a painful raw spot on him through. I never experienced weight gain or a change in my sex drive. However I suffer from migraines and this made them much worse and more frequent. Would recommend for anyone without migraines
Ive Been on this birth control since April 15th , I love about 10 pounds in the first couple months. So far it 's been working great. Getting it put in did reality my pain tolorence is pretty good, I have a small scar not very noticeable. I have had unprotected sex since then and I 'm starting to get worried... I sleep all the time I eat so much I have brown discharge and I may just be over thinking but I don 't know. I 'm only 15 so improbably just being paranoid. But other than that it has worked for me I see that i.e. Been breaking out on my face a lot more. Not to bad I plan to keep using This implant.
I don 't mind it but I have noticed that sometimes my periods start the first day of the inactive pill, and sometimes they start a few days into the inactive pills.
Usually helps get a sound sleep.
I got Nexplanon on 6-10-13. And I also play sports(softball) involving movement with your arms. The insertion did not hurt whatsoever besides the numbing shot. (AND I HATE NEEDLES!!) if you look at the tool to insert the Nexplanon you will get freaked out. Don 't look. I have bad bruising on my arm where it was inserted, and due to me playing sports, it hurts to move in certain directions. Since I 've only had it for a week, the bruising and pain should start to fade away soon. But hey! I rather have pain than be pregnant.
Was diagnosed with ADHD around 12. Didn 't take any medicines regularly for years (risks, cost) but tried many. Got through undergrad without medicines but with lots of counseling/accoms, hit grad school and knew I needed more help. Began Adderall XR   regular in  '03 at 25. Dose upped from 10-25mg over time. Yes, fixes concentration problems, makes you feel functional, driven, capable, great...but see more side effects like (super high blood pressure, low libido, binge eating when off medicines, moody/short temper). Worried about long term impacts on health - not being able to quit, sex life and inability to take it while pregnant/nursing.  Would love to hear from long time users in their 30s. Glad it helps so many people as much as it does. Life changer.
I have had Parkinson 's for 10 years. Six months ago, I was prescribed Seroquel 1/2 25mg at bedtime to &quot;clean up my sleep -anxiety&quot;. Works fine except I began wetting the bed after being asleep for 5 - 6 hours. The Seroquel makes me feel better but I have to solve the bed wetting problem.
I had the nexaplanon inserted two days after I had my baby. I had him in March of this year 2015 it is now August 2015 I bleed for 8 weeks then it stopped. I now have a period every other month which only last about 3 or 4 days. I am a women who has large breasts and I have lost a tremendous amount of weight and my bra size has shrunk!!!  Side effect is that sometimes I get very tired. This birth control is the best  one that I 've been on yet.  I tried pills it took my hair out, I 've tried the shot and I  gained 25 pounds.  This is the one for me - so I will be getting it again
I started taking this birth control around 6 months ago and I had once a period twice in a month and after that I haven 't had a period. I went to the doctor and he did a pregnancy test and it came back negative. I don 't have a problem with not having my period but I mean you always get that scary feeling when you don 't get your period. I do get migraines but that have been getting better and I personaltly lost weight. Other than that I 'm ok with this pill
I 've successfully taken Lexapro, also Effexor, and Wellbutrin w/each (did not gain weight on either of these) for last 15 years. Tried Cymbalta--did not help depression &amp; gave me nightmares. Now on day 7 of taking Viibryd. First 4-5 days had nausea &amp; constant mild headache. Did have a few instances while driving of &quot;when did I switch to this lane?&quot; Last night had first strange, vivid dream. Yesterday felt a little bloated, but things going ok so far. I know all antidepressants have an adjustment period w/side effects. It 's interesting to see how same drug effects people so differently. Not sure if depression is getting better, but wouldn 't know yet b/c work extremely stressful last 5 weeks, so we 'll see as work winds down--I 'm very hopeful!
I was on this medication previously and after a week gave up hope and stopped taking it.Recently my anxiety became out of control as did my depression. I literally had no hope left. I felt sad, lonely, out of focus, irritable, suicidal, and hopeless. I would wake up having panic attacks and go to sleep having panic attacks. I started researching ways to off myself and came very close. I decided to finally seek help and while awaiting my referral to see a psychiatrist my doctor gave me this medication. I am taking 100 mg once a day. It took a week of the medicine to feel the full effects but I feel happy again, focused, grounded, and way less anxious.I find myself laughing more, joking, smiling and not constantly anxious.
I&rsquo;ve suffered from longstanding low-level depression ever since I can remember, and have often pondered with the idea of trying an antidepressant even though I stay away from medication as much as I can. Everything has worsened over the last year since my youngest, fittest sister died prematurely of breast cancer with extensive liver metastasis (or whichever came first)&hellip;I was with her for the 7 weeks after diagnosis and watched her take her last 2 breaths; this pain has become more intense lately and I would find myself crying like a baby over my little sister&hellip;My demented elderly father got a prescription for Zoloft (he must also be depressed because of my sister&rsquo;s death), but since no one at his home was giving it to him I decided to give it a try!I&rsquo;ve been taking 25mg (elixir) for 2 weeks and have seen a huge difference in my crying spells; I still think about my little sister, but don&rsquo;t feel that overwhelming sadness as much&hellip;The first week I took the Zoloft at bedtime, but started to notice difficulty falling asleep, so now I take it in the morning&hellip;I felt no other side effects!I&rsquo;m far from being a peppy, energetic person, but at least some of my suffering has been alleviated, and that&rsquo;s what living is about; who needs to be in constant emotional pain!?Good luck to all!
This medicine worked better and had less side effects.
I had sex with a condom, he took it off in between, and then put on another one. Ultimately, he came into the condom, but I was worried about precum. I think it was also the time I was ovulating. I took plan b one step 26 hours after and I 'm 160 lbs. I got my period around two weeks later and have an irregular cycle. It was spotting for for like 5 hours that morning/afternoon and then I got my period normally that night. It lasted about 6 days, as usual. The only symptoms I felt were nausea for one day a few days after I took the pill, bloating, and really bad acne. My face has breakouts all over it and it 's been almost 2 months. I just got my second period since the pill now that it is March, so it surely worked. bad acne though.
I 've been taking 8mcg Amitiza twice a day, for two months, to treat Irritable Bowel Syndrome. Finally! A Dr. who actually listened to me and provided a solution instead of blaming me for the GI/bowel problems. (i.e., &quot;You need more fiber,&quot; &quot;It 's your nerves,&quot; or &quot;It 's caused by the NSAIDS you take.&quot;). Almost 40 years of daily chronic painful bloating, constipation &amp; pain under my left ribcage is almost gone, (I 'm 50.) It did take a few weeks to adjust to it. By that, I mean: 1.) Discovering that taking Fiber Supplements with the prescription caused painful gas/bloating, 2.) Determining exactly how much food/drink to ingest with each dose, to avoid gas/bloating or a headache &amp; 3.) Remembering to take it with a meal. I 'd give it a 10 if there was 0 bloating and no headaches.
I got prescribed this medication for mild anxiety &amp; minor depression. I usually get overwhelmed by things that should feel not so worrisome, &amp; replay things that irritate or upset me over &amp; over in my head. I 've been on a light dose of Celexa for about a week now. I take it at night &amp; don 't have trouble sleeping. I will say right when it hits 645 - 7am I wake up &amp; am immediately wide awake though. I have definitely noticed a positive change. Not a huge one, but just enough to make me feel more &quot;normal&quot;. I can be a bit of a drag sometimes, &amp; just not my peppy self that I know is hiding in me. This has made me feel much more of a positive peppy &quot;good parts of myself&quot; come out more &amp; I can manage my stress better &amp; lighter than I was before.
It works overall very good for me
This is the only birth control I 've been on and I have been on this now for four years. What a life saver.  I have hardly no cramps at all. I had to stop taking this for a little bit because I was spotting.
I tried xulane, pros helps with acne &amp; you only have to worry about it once a week.Cons, extreme breast pain, rash and/ or bruising where i removed the patch.
I was experiencing pain in my hips like never before Because I had no insurance finding any relief meant a trip to ER. Finally I was approved for medicatation.  After waiting longer than I should of for care, I saw a doctor that said I have aseptic necrosis. What is this? It is interruption of blood supply. Without blood, the bone tissue dies and the bone collapses. Treatment is total hip replacement. I have had my right done. It was collapsed. Very painful! Now waiting on my left. That is not the end. My shoulders need replacement. I was prescribed 60 mg Hysingla ER (hydrocodone bitartate) . It was not for me. My doctor finally decided on dilaudid 4 mg. Thank god! Thinking he needs to up my dose. Much better now!
Been taking Microgestin for three months. (Had to get off Levora because of seriously chronic nausea)The first month on Microgestin I was just a couple hours late taking a pill and bled almost immediately. Second and third months haven 't missed a pill and my periods have been almost nonexistent. Super scary on month two but really an appreciated bonus I hope continues.
Due to chronic pain I take a lot of meds to begin with. I ended up in the hospital with a severe migraine that I 'd already had for a few days (among other things). Morphine wasn 't helping, not even Dilauded helped. I don 't know who made the switch, but finally at the end of the second day a nurse came in to give me the Raglan, Toradol, Benadryl combo. Oh how I loved her after that. It burned slightly going into my IV (but Potassium burned a hell of a lot more) but that was really it. I didn 't feel jittery but it 's the usual initial feeling of light-headedness and warmth. It didn 't last long and within a few minutes my head was starting to feel better. I was surprised this worked so well.
I 've been taking clonazopam intermittently for 15 mos.  It was prescribed to me by a neurologist for insomnia, nocturnal myoclonic jerks, and restless leg attacks. 0.5 mg has worked well with fighting off the nerve attacks and wide awake feeling to fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer than I can on my own.  I also used it for longer sleep as needed for a special event such as traveling out of town.  Finally I was sent for a sleep study last month and found that I have severe sleep apnea while sleeping on my back and mild on my side.  I snore loud off and on but would have no idea other than my spouse telling me.  I have fragmented sleep, some of it with vivid dreams.  I hope to start c-pap therapy soon and then wean off clonazepam.
I had to take Plan B 2 times and I 'm also 168, slightly above the &quot;weight limit&quot;. I should 've learned the first time but of course, didn 't think it was going to happen again.  I didn 't get any side effects other than swollen boobs the first time and began spotting a week later for 2 days before starting my period. The second time, I immediately got intense stomach cramping after taking it and then fell asleep for 3 hours. I spent the next 9 days stressed &amp; crying, thinking my period wouldn 't come. I had cramping in what felt like my ovaries every night, so I 'd think my period was coming, it didn 't. On the 9th day, a full on period. This a very necessary medication but please, don 't put yourself in a situation where you 'd have to take it.
I 'm 18 (almost 19) and I just started college two weeks ago. Ever since I was about 14 years old I 've suffered from mild-servere acne. I 've tried every topical cream known to man and none seemed clear up my acne. I started taking birth control to level out my hormones but it barley did anything. About 2 1/2 weeks ago I went to my dermatologist begging her to put me on something stronger. I was perscribed spironolactone. I went home and researched everything and saw that an initial breakout is most likely to happen. About a week into taking the medication I had a severe breakout on my chin and cheeks. After a week it started to clear up. I 'm not fully in the clear but I see improvement which I 'm excited for!
Been taking this for years, helps me out a lot.
I find that Zirvirax doesn 't prevent the coldsore from appearing (even if applied at the tingly stage).  But what I do find is that once the coldsore appears it 's very small compared to not using it.  I supplement the treatment with Lysine tablets and it keeps the blister/scab very small (about 2mm in diameter as opposed to 5-6mm) and is usually gone within two to three days rather than 1-1.5 weeks.
I am having a severe dysmenorrhea each and every of my menstrual days. That 's why I tried ibuprofen, specifically Advil, as it was also suggested by my friends.  But before I took this, I consulted my doctor. He gave me specific dosages. Now, my menstrual cramps are gone.
I liked Wellbutrin for the 3 weeks I was on it.  I felt good, energetic, happy, and could finally organize my life, wasn 't feeling overwhelmed by everything.  Unfortunately, broke out in terrible hives all over, and my psychiatrist says that is a reaction to the medicine.  
I have been taking Pristiq for 3 weeks now. First week, a mild headache, and insomnia, but after reading forums I would take it early in morning, and sleep improved. This is the first antidepressant I have taken. I felt wonderful, and thought wow this is what I have been missing! Things that bothered me before, became insignificant. Week 2 much of the same. Week 3 I feel tired and slightly flat, much the same as I did before.  I had an anxious moment but distracted myself and it passed. First time I actively felt anxious. I will continue to see how it goes. Having feel the amazing, stable, elevated mood in the begining makes me consider riding it out.
Just started saxenda a few days ago, still in the 0.6 dose. I am a little frightened about continuing this medication. I have lost weight already but feel like it may be because I 'm so nauseous all the time.
Been On Clarithromycin for 5 Days and have to do a 7 day cycle - Only 4 tablets left. I would advice anyone not to google the side effects you are getting from this job because some websites say pregnancy!I have the most vile taste in my mouth, which gets worse as I cough. I wake up with my tongue stuck down to the bottom of my mouth and I feel extreme hunger pains/stomach pains. Saying that I would say this drug work very well. I have vivid dreams and can 't sleep at all at night.
Have taken Lamictal for about 5 years. Needed antidepressant to supplement, and have tried practically every one, new and old. Tried Abilify 2mg (?) at night. No side effects, especially weight gain, at all. After about 3 days,  had more energy than I have had in years! Great mood, focus, and actually got things done! But only lasted about 3 weeks. Upped dose to 5mg. Same thing. If only it would last longer than 3 weeks. On the bright side, for 3 weeks at a time, my house was clean, etc! Lol
I 've now been on this drug for 5 months. I haven 't self harmed during this time. I have gained some weight, although in recent weeks I 've been able to stop bingeing for the first time in years. I tend to wake up feeling down or agitated, so perhaps the pills aren 't working for the full 24 hours. However, once I 've taken the medicines I am calm again. The major downside is that I easily sleep for 14 hours straight and find it impossible to motivate myself to do anything. The days go by very quickly and I do little other then eat, sleep and watch TV. In the long term this has to be a bad thing, but for now I 'm happy not to be feeling ill.
I began Junel FE 1/20 five days ago and I 'll update this after a couple months of having been on this pill. I 'm using it for birth control as well as period regulation. I got my period on a Saturday and began taking it the day after. My period was extremely heavy for the first day because I 'd taken Plan B earlier in the month but immediately after beginning the birth control my period was actually lighter than usual. I 've never had great skin, and I 've noticed some increased acne since starting the pill, as well as some depression. I 'm going to give my body some time to let my hormone levels balance before I really judge this pill, but those are the effects I 've seen immediately after beginning it.
I have been on Rexulti .5mg now for over a month. I suffer from major depression and ptsd. I have tried over 30 different medications over the last 15 years and have either had no relief or terrible side effects. I also take 100mg of Zoloft. I no longer feel empty inside, I feel like I have some hope. I do have vivid dreams but I can handle that if it makes me feel so much better during the day. After many many years I may finally have gotten the right combo of meds. Good luck to all
Wish my parents would have figured this out for me when I was in School. I found out Vyvanse really helps me with my attention problems (focusing mainly). I have been taking Vyvanse for 1 year now and I 'm 43. My daughter who has had attention with focusing since 2nd grade struggled all the way through high school with no medicine to help. She started college 1 year ago (when we both started taking Vyvanse) and she now is enjoying college with excellent grades even winning awards for student of the quarter and being selected for some honor club! Oh by the way in high school she was making c,d and f 's and dropped out her senior year but did get her GED. She says she never new she was smart but now realizes she just couldn 't pay attention.
Took with tramadol. First two days was fine and had a blast of energy!  Then felt I was having allergic reaction. I switched the pristiq to night time before bed and took the tramadol in the morning and afternoon instead of at the same time. Problems solved and no issues. After nearly a month of use I am starting to feel tired again and flat as opposed to the energy I was feeling when I first started.  The veterans administration covers my cost.  It just recently got approved but still requires a special authorization.
This is the first birth control I 've been on. I 've not had too many issues with it except the first six months or so. After every period for about 4 to 7 days I always felt nauseous and had headaches. My periods have been on time since I started using it and I can almost pin point the exact time it 'll start. I 've gained about 10 pounds. Acne isn 't much of an issue anymore. Overall pretty satisfied.
I have Irish skin whatever that means, kind of pearl white ha ha and I 've lost a lot of weight so yeah the wrinkly 's come out more,  I apply Bio Oil before the gel dries and penetrates the skin. The secret is to be constant and not over do it.
Been on it for a year and working good for me, no arrhythmias since I have been taking. Would have rated a 10 but do have some weak and pulled muscles.
It works even if you can 't keep it down.  My colonoscopy/endoscopy was May 16 2014. Eat light meals like rice and chicken two days prior.  The day before, follow directions - I drank Coca Cola (for caffeine and sugar), Orange Gatorade and chicken broth.  Drink the mix as directed through a straw and hold your nose.  It tasted sweet and salty and I could not chug it down - took 15 minutes to finish the prep mixture.  Then 32 ounces of water.  I had nausea, chills and stomach cramps, but they went away in an hour.  The second phase did not go so well - I threw up the mixture.  But it still worked.
i got on this medicine because i had some anxiety and depression. i have been on it for about a year n a half, and i have gained 40+ pounds. when i first started they said you dont gain weight, yeah right!!!    i loved the medicine at first but now i am always tired and always have diarriah. its so inconvenet. i feel i need to switch but im not to sure what else will work. since i have been on almost everything else
So i had to start this at 4pm the day before the colonoscopy, and let me tell you, NASTIEST tasting thing ive ever had to ingest. Very strong taste which is semi nauseating. Got the first bottle down and it took about a half hour for it to kick in. Once it kicked in, there was no stopping. It made my stomach very upset the next day which made it 20 times harder to finish the second bottle. Over all very effective but one of the worst tastes ive ever tasted.
Glad to have it available to me.
I had really bad breakouts going into college. I took Solodyn paired with a topical called Ziana. I was really skeptical because I didn 't notice any changes in the first 4-6 week trial period, but it really helped me clear up after about 3 months. I 'm mostly left with blemishes now which have not really improved since my breakouts stopped. I 've been on Solodyn for six months now, but I think I 'm going to stop because my acne feels controlled.
Viagra does require verbal communication about desire with my partner since it does take about an hour to be most effective.  So we talk about wanting to make love later and the anticipation can build which is nice.  I have found over the last 8 year a definate tolerance to the effects of Viagra where it is much less effective but that might be just getting old.
I am a university-affiliated clinical pharmacist who oversees the healthcare of several elderly patients - some of whom suffer from severe chronic pain resulting from a variety of clinical conditions.  In my experience, transdermal fentanyl patches only occassionaly provide satisfactory pain relief over the full 72 hr period - assuming the dose has been properly titrated.  I have seen the best results by using multiple, lower-dose patches.  For example, if a patient requires a 75 mcg patch, better results are obtained by using 3 x 25 mcg patches - with patch #2 added on day 2 and patch #3 added on day 3 (and with each patch being left in place for a full 72 hrs).  This gives better control + fewer side effects.
Relpax is effective for taking away my migraine pain most of the time.  I find I have to take 2 occasionally. The WORST part is the side effect. It makes my joints ache (seems like all of them) for several hours after the migraine is gone. But at least it takes away the migraine. I guess the joint pain is the lesser of the two evils and I am able to function.
I use to take 10 mg before public speaking/presentation in school and shakiness when performing certain medical tasks at work. I have high blood pressure, anxiety, shakiness during certain presentation tasks. My dr was concerned about my blood pressure sometimes being 158/90, usually when I knew it was going to be taken. After discussing with her I 'm now taking 60 mg SR, it keeps me stable without the peaks and crashes. I feel a little more energy physically because the fight or flight responses I felt were exhausting my body, although just not much will to get up and at it, and does make me feel a little lazy/apathetic/foggy, but my dr said it 's still ok to drink coffee. And I feel not as irritable with my boyfriend.
I just recently started Nuvaring about 2 months ago and before that, I was on the pill for about 4 or 5 years. I do LOVE not having to think about taking a pill everyday. I haven 't really noticed any change in my sex drive. BUT I have gained a little weight.. not much, but I think that 's because I lost weight when I started the pills. The biggest issue I have with this is that it 's inconvenient when it comes to sex. The first time, I left it in, but it fell out somewhere in between and I COMPLETELY lost it, haha. My partner said he could never feel it, but it actually gave me some discomfort.  Since then, I have had it fall out once more, but I felt it when it did. 
Was on my 3rd week of the starter pack and loving the medicine when I found out my insurance wouldn 't cover it. Devastated because I hadn 't had that much energy in years. I 've had chronic pain for 18 years and constant muscle spasms. It didn 't get rid of the pain and spasms but it seemed like it was working on it, but with no side effects and the increased energy, I was enjoying the break from and 18 year exhaustion.
I just want to know why this type of bc does not come in a generic form?! It is &gt;100$ a month without insurance, many insurance companies will not cover brand name medications, and the prescribing company Allergan does not offer a generic form. This would make it significantly cheaper... As an RN I understand the health implications of estrogen/hormone therapy, i.e. blood clots, cancer, emotional instability, weight gain, etc... This is truly the lowest form of bc out there 10 mcg (10 micrograms). Most bc is prescribed in miligrams, 1mg= 1,000 mcg. It 's like the prescribing companies want women to be at risk... Sorry, rant over.In terms of side effects and overall satisfaction, I am happy other than the price tag.
I started Apri a year and 4 months ago. When I first started, I was 175. I 'm currently 210. My appetite has increased tremendously. It doesn 't make me very moody, although I was depressed for a couple of months (maybe that could have been due to school). I 've missed as many as 3 days and was still fine. My sex drive has decreased just a little, but nothing too major. My cycle is very regular and only lasts 3-4 days. I cramp, but not every cycle. Overall, it 's decent.
I am having Seroquel blues. Just recently my normal dosage of 400mg went 200mg more and that 200 I must take during the day. I am so frustrated trying to find out how long does it take for the body to get used to taking the medication during the day. I always feel like I am in slow motion and unable to be patient with others, having irritability and have to take naps during the day to overcome the drowsiness. I know this medicine is important because it helps with the mania, paranoia, and suicidal ideation. 
My upper eyelids seem to swell  from this. What is this from?
I started having BPH problems when I was 72.  I tried Finasteride but did not like the side effects so I quit using them and another doctor recommended Cialis.  I was very happy with the results and was taking 1/4 if a tablet before workouts (recommended by Dr.) but after taking it for about 2 years, I started having extreme diarrhea problems. and stopped using it.  I now started back using the 1/4 pill about 3 times a week.
I switched to this BC based on the recommendation from my Dr; I was looking for a contraceptive that would help with my acne. My previous bc made me hormonal and emotional, as in all of my emotions were on the extremes and I also experienced heightened anxiety and depression. After switching to this brand I saw an evening out of my emotions and anxiety gradually as my body got used to the switch. I didn 't experience any negative side effects at first, but over time as my body has gotten used to the bc I started to gain weight and my emotions are starting to become touchy again, especially during my period. Considering I got this for my acne, I 've only noticed a slight difference, but that may also be due to other changes I have made.
lst 4 weeks lost 10lbs, so happy. 5th week nothing 6th week gained 2lbs Plateau already?
I am on day 4 of flagyl. The medicine is working , which is great, but side effect are dizziness , nausea are the worst I ever had!!! I won 't go thru this  ever again, Side effect too intense to deal with!!!
I have experienced fluid in my ears for almost two years.  Consulted with two ear and nose specialists and with an allergist.  Tried three types of nose sprays and other natural options, like additional vitamin C , pollen defense and the  neti pot.  Nothing worked until just recently I developed a severe cold and took Mucinex D.  To my amazement and happiness the fluid drained from my ears.  Clear ears!  Problem - one cannot take Mucinex on a permanent basis.
I was prescribed 75mg of Seroquel for insomnia. It worked like a charm, for about the first week. Then it made me sleep too much. I was sleeping 12-14 hours a day and was still waking up groggy. As well as gaining around 25 pounds in a matter of 2 months my physician and I both decided that it would be better to stop taking it. But I still will keep the rest of the medicine I have just in case there are one of those nights that I can absolutely not sleep. Great medicine, just not for me.
Not able to take NSAIDS! Hydrocodone doesn 't work except for high doses that make me dizzy. Cymbalta is working good at one pill a day.
Tramadol has been very effective for my severe restless legs syndrome. However the body does seem to build tolerancce so you must increase dose from time to time. The withdrawal effects are quite severe. I found that a slow withdrawal helps ease the discomfort. I have also been on Neurontin in the past and had good results for several years but the effectiveness seems to lessen over time and increasing the dose did not help. 
I took Suprep at 6pm after a day of liquid diet.  Yes, they need to make this better tasting, and a smaller amount would be great but no cramping, no vomiting, yes to slight nausea. 45 mins after taking my first dose I was in the bathroom for approx 2 hrs (wish I had realized I wouldn 't be coming out for that time, could hardly make it to the door.)  Yellow but not completely clear.  I was able to sleep from 10:30 to 3:15. My second dose was at 3:30 am and was much harder to get down but started working right away.  By the time I left at 6 am to go check in discharge was clear yellow with some mucus.
Clonidine (Catapres) works great for the hypertension, cold and hot sweats/flashes, headache and overall agitation when undergoing ethanol/alcohol withdrawals. 0.1mg 3 times daily in conjuction with a benzodiazepine like chlordiazepoxide (Librium) or diazepam (Valium) may be needed depending on alcohol intake or the degree of withdrawal symptoms. Remember always be honest with your M.D. put pride aside because most likely it isn 't anything he/she hasn 't heard before.
Went on vacation for about five days which included swimming almost everyday. On the last day, after a shower my right ear became plugged. Tried using alcohol/vinegar mixes and ear wax remover drops for almost a week but neither worked. Nurse did a flush and the ear was clogged with wax and sand balls which irritated the area. Was given this medicine which I 've used for only a day but has already decreased the soreness tremendously. Walmart said it was 292 and I 'm not sure where that price came from since most sites and people online are stating 190-230. Ending up remembering I had prescription insurance and that reduced it to $58.
I was prescribed with sertraline a few years ago for MDD and bipolar disorder.Even tough it took some time to produce positive effects, sertraline was, indeed effective (especially when combined with bupropion and escitalopram). The mood variations disappeared, depression decreased.From the negative side, it produced a decrease in libido, and an extreme decrease in creativity. If you are a composer, a painter, a writer, etc, you should, in my opinion, expect a possible and very pronounced decrease in creativity during the its use. The temptation to interrupt the treatment for the benefit of recovering the creativity should be strongly resisted.
I am 22 year old, African-American female. I have been using Gildess as a substitute for Tarina and I have not experienced any adverse affects. My periods used to be quite heavy and lasting around 5-6 days. I used to completely soak over-night pads and had to change frequently. Now, my periods are so light! They only last about 4 days and I find myself only needing to wear a couple of regular tampons through out the day. It;s great!My skin is clear, have not had any breakouts and I experience no mood swings.The ONLY problem is---my sex drive is extremely low at times. So that sucks. :/ But for me, the goods outweigh the bads.Gildess is successful at preventing pregnancy.
I have used Celexa and its generic since 2001. I had suffered from undiagnosed anxiety and depression for years before seeking therapy and medication. At first Celexa was a godsend. In the space of 3 weeks I went from 8 severe anxiety attacks a day less than 8 in the last 9 years. I became more outgoing and confident as a result. I did and continue to have side effects. The long terms effects are basically flat effect, weight gain, increased appetite (I don 't need either of those) and sexual indifference. The later is very difficult to live with as you might imagine. I have tried to ween myself off Celexa once, in 2005, and it was an unqualified disaster. I guess I 'm a &quot;lifer&quot;.
Best medicine so far 1/5/2009.
OK if you are considering getting an IUD inserted &amp; are scared,don 't be!  All of these women are putting out horror stories! I am 23,never had kids, and I 've only received a pap once! Insertion is not as painful as everyone says! Yes it hurt, but was it was completely bearable. It was a sharp pain &amp; some pressure for about 2 mins. I got it on on Monday &amp; it 's Wednesday &amp; all I can say is I 've stopped my terrible bleeding ! I did bleed the first day &amp; have cramps &amp; I 'm currently still a bit crampy but I also have stomach issues so I 'm more sensitive than most! It 's not that bad! Of course getting something inserted in your uterus isn 't a day at the park, but its not like you 're going to die of pain! Its a few days of not being comfortable for 5 years of worry free BC!
Hi everyone my name is Rissy, I have been taken metformin 500mg since 3/2016. I 'm 4 '11 about 168lb I was diagnosed this year with PCOS after having been  misdiagnosed years ago. I haven 't had a regular period since I was 11 years and I didnt think anything of it. I would go years without having a nature period. Most of the time I had to be put on Provera to bring down my periods im 24 now. The Metformin is okay.  I have a system with it-  I will eat and take them before 8pm - if not you will wake up vomiting or worse diarrhea. Around 3 months into taking it i lost 25 pounds which is okay I am eating healthy salads, apples, cranberry juice thats just some of the light things. Its been progress so just take your time ladies and let the pills take its course. Have a good day
I took my first dose at 7pm, an hour late. I was able to drink the 16oz mixture in about a minute by holding my nose and chugging it down. Before I let go of my nose I followed the mixture with a chaser of apple juice so I was sure not to experience a bad taste in my mouth afterwards. I wouldn 't say it was the most unpleasant thing I 've ever had to drink but it was not the greatest either. Much like other reviewers have said, it reminds me of grape flavored cough syrup with a sour/bitter aftertaste. This was still present even with the nose holding method. I did feel a bit sick to my stomach afterwards with a slight headache. It took an hour to begin. So far no cramps. Will repeat in AM.
Helps within 20-30 min when taken at onset of cluster headache.  Works best/fastest when taken with a cold, caffeinated soda.  My cluster headaches are followed by 2-4 hours of allodynia, and Ultram helps this, too.
My 6 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD last year. I saw signs during the preschool years as he was kicked out of three schools. This has been a trying year as we started him on Concerta, Focalin 2.5, &amp; Focalin ER, Intuniv:(Although the stimulants were great and we saw the benefits, it was difficult for me to see the negative side effects (tics and meltdown).  I had mentioned to my doctor a month ago about Clonidine to reduce side of effects of stimulants. She declined as she was uncomfortable with providing adult medication to children. However, she contacted me about Kapvay which has been wonderful. Day 6 and a bit sleepy unlike Intuniv (sedated). I will keep you up to date.
I 've been on this pill for 4 months and haven 't experienced any symptoms. It made my acne disappear a little. I noticed I have none on my chest now. I do not take the placebos so I don 't have a period. I didn 't gain weight. Maybe a little nausea the past month. Maybe a little more sensitive in my mood.
Nausea, excessive yawning and some headspins for the first week or so, but after that, clear sailing! Best I 've felt in years.
I had a terrible 18 months of cramps, muscle aches and pains, crepitus and headaches with extreme debillitating fatigue before finally getting a diagnosis of Sjogrens( before that they thought I had Fibromyalgia)I would recommend Plaquenil as it has helped to give me back a quality of life.Giving up wheat and gluten after allergy testing has helped enormously and there is a link between autoimmune conditions and wheat allergy/ intolerance so I would recommend any one suffering as I was to get tested.I no longer have any pain and the fatigue has improved a lot but it did take about 4 months to help so please bear that in mind.I am also taking a water based probiotic daily and that has helped me too.
I have been on a weight roller coaster since my early twenties. Since my family history of early demise of heat/health issues due to weight I decided to take a stand. I have lost pounds and regained pounds. I did some research online and found this medication. As stated I had to do some talking and consulting with my physician to try this. I will put it simply in the 14 day &quot;dosing&quot; period I lost nearly 15 lbs. I have been on Qsymia for a little over two weeks now and started on the 7.5MG and I have lost a little over 21 lbs. I must admit I was a little aggressive on the exercise but I do not think I was able to do this even as a teenager. Truly excited about what the future holds for this outstanding motivational experience.
Ponstel was prescribed for severe period pain due to Fibroids and ovarian cysts.  It was very effetive and I would definitely reccomend it!  But just a cautionary note, this is a costly medication!  I had to pay the highest copay on my prescription insurance.  Get samples from your Doctor if at all possible!
I have a torn shoulder tendon (rotator cuff injury) which has been causing me agonising pain 24/7 for 6 months. Ibuprofen wasn 't working so I was given Naproxen. It takes quite a while to get to work (up to an hour to kick in) but once it works the relief is amazing. Only thing is, once it wears off (about 4-6 hours), the pain returns big time, and you 're not supposed to use more than 2 tablets a day. Also, it made me ravenously hungry at the start (not so much now) so I 've added a couple of Kg in weight. When it doesn 't work well I take some Paracetamol (Acetaminophen) as well. Doesn 't do anything for my headaches though and may even cause them.
I have been using Lisinopril 10mg for about a year. Initially I had dry coughing day and night (not to the extreme where it kept me awake at night), but enough that I thought I had an allergy or common cold and then after reading the information on this site I found that coughing is a common symptom with this drug. I also had blurred vision, cramps in my feet and hands and some headaches too, but after including an hour of combined aerobics and stretching exercises 3-4 days per week most of the symptoms are now reduced to the occasional headaches. Taking the pill with plenty of water and with food also reduced the blurred vision.  In a year I have lost about 35lbs. Blood pressure and cholesterol levels are normal and my doctor has recently lowered my dosage from 10 to 5mg. 
I have cervical &amp; lumbar spinal stenosis, herniated discs and several other spinal issues. The lumbar part causes extreme pain in my hip to the point I can barely walk. I 'm waiting for pain mgmt appt, but after seeing them for cervical problems I have zero confidence they will help.  In the meantime, my gp precribed these in addition to oral pain med. After reading reviews here, I 'm glad I went to walgreens because I got the ones from watson. They stick well so far. Too soon to say how well they work because I just applied a little while ago. It does seem a little better already though.  Pretty expensive co-pay, but if it helps I 'll find a way to afford it.
I started Diclegis a few weeks ago for nausea. I 'm now 11 weeks along and have had no sickness.. it does cause drowsiness so I only take 1 at night. Also dry mouth for me.. but it 's worth not getting sick, especially if you have long work shifts.
I 've been using nuvaring for 3 months now. Previously I had tried the depo shot which I didn 't like because it caused very uncomfortable vaginal dryness for me during sex. When I switched to the ring, me and my significant other really liked it! If anything the ring has been making me significantly more lubricated than without any birth control at all. At first that was the only side effect I had noticed and I was liking it a lot! However just very recently I realized that my skin has been looking worse than it ever has. I 've been having more and more breakouts each week all over my face and they came on so gradually that I didn 't even realize it must be from the ring. I 'm very sad because I really did like the ring besides the breakouts!
Been taking for 6 months. During the first month I had extremely sensitive breasts (even clothing touching against me was sore). Other than that my experience has been positive - a little random mid month bleeding but no side effects such as headaches, weight gain, mood changes etc. I plan to stay on it.
I was instructed to take the doses at 2pm and 7pm on the day before my colonoscopy. I was able to drink the dose fairly quickly. This was followed by 32 additional ounces of water. Avoid breathing from your nose while drinking it because the salty black cherry flavor is not great. I had some bloating, nausea, and mild chills. It took about 2 hours for the medication to kick in. I stayed in the bathroom for a little over an hour, then the bowel movements slowed down. At 7pm, it was time for the second dose. It was definitely harder to drink and the last few sips were nauseating. This dose worked very quickly (15min) and within a few hours the bowel movements slowed down. By 10pm, I was pretty much cleaned out. Keep drinking fluids!
Pro 's: Unbelievable amount of energy (not kidding, if I was not concerned about my health, I could work 5 days a week on 2 hrs of sleep every day if I take a single Phentermine at 7am with topiramate which causes sleepiness), works to suppress appetite for me so I can easily eat a healthy low calorie diet with supplementation, minimal dosage needed, helped me painlessly lose 46 lbs so far w/ lifestyle changes!Con 's: Unbelievable amount of energy (on the flipside, if I ever took this past noon, no sleep would be had), sometimes I had an agitated mood immediately after taking it (being easily angered.. the effect limits itself to the first 30m-1hr after I take it after the first 1 week), extreme exertion was not recommended while on it
I have been taking Zoloft for a few months now. I started taking it for anxiety. I was having panic attacks while driving. It is a lot better now that I am on Zoloft. I no longer get panic attacks while driving. I 'm glad I started taking it. I even pass up the big trucks which is something I would not do before I was on Zoloft. I 'm definitely happy with the medication.
I am fairly new to this medication. I am only using it for a week  The first pill I took late afternoon until I realized I should be taking it in the morning.  However the first pill worked like a charm and the ones I took in the morning have had little to no effect.
It works.
I have been on many pain/anti-inflammatory medications to help with Rheumatoid Arthritis, Plantar Fasciitis and a torn tendon in my shoulder.  It is the fastest acting and most effective pain relief I have tried (comparing to Duexis, Hydrocodone, Prednisone, Tramadol).  It does not cause stomach upset like other NSAIDS and the only side effect is sleepiness but, a quick nap and pain is much better and no grogginess.
I started taking viks for migraine purposes &amp; ended up taking 20 a day (1000 's) for 4 years. Then addiction comes first in life. Then I decided to stop by taking suboxone 8mg per day - it 's incredibly hard to get off it. I got addicted to it for a few yes then took methadone for about 2 months - curing opiates addiction with opiates not the best idea it didn 't work for me . So now I 'm taking clonidine .3 mg it was hell on earth for the first days . Shaking , burning of the body , hot &amp; cold, RLS , and bad insomnia . After a couple of days it starts wearing down . Hanging in there !
I am on my 4th month on Bydureon. So far I don 't see any weight loss but instead I gained a little. It doesn 't suppress my appetite yet in fact on my first 3 months, I noticed that I ate more and always hungry. I lost 25 lbs on Victoza but after a year of using it my weight didn 't move down anymore. My Dr. changed it to Bydureon, he wants me to bring down my weight. I have to see him if my numbers are better on this one. Needles are thick but I can handle it. I know the technique now and no bumps at all and pulling the needle is bloodless now. Doing this once a week is very convenient. Just a little worried because of my hypothyroidism, hope it won 't create another problem...lets wait a little bit more and see. 
I 'm 16 and I was diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome about 2 weeks ago. I was basically not getting my period. My pediatrician recommended Beyaz to control my Hormone level and some other things. I was skeptical about taking Birth control because of side effects such as depression and weight gain. I tend to be a very happy and energetic person and honestly I was scared to lose that, I was VERY SURPRISED THOUGH, Beyaz hasn 't changed my mood at all, I haven 't gained weight and overall I feel fine! Except for its made me TIRED. I work around that though and its no big deal. As for acne, Beyaz controls it amazingly. So far THANK YOU BEYAZ! You 're really helping my future.
32 y.o. female who excerises, but due Endocrine issues severely struggles with weight loss. My Endocrinologist put me on this 4-weeks ago. I have lost 17 lbs, some of it is water weight. But, absolutely thrilled with how this is working. First, 2-weeks I had fairly moderate nausea, burping and acid reflex. The adverse side effects have mostly subsided. Now, I rarely am hungry. The thought of food is not very appealing. I can only eat 1 or 2 small meals a day. If I eat more than usual  I get a severe full feeling and stomach upset. I plan on staying on it for at least a year for hopes of significant weight loss! I tried to increase the dose to 2.4, but ended up with severe acid reflex. I titrated back to 1.8 and no issues.
I took ortho tri cyclen for about six months,plenty of time to give it a chance to completely clear my acne but unfortunately that was not the case. My skin always had at least 3 zits. I experienced major spotting almost constantly and only had about 2 months of no blood. I was extremely moody as if I was bipolar and/or always about to get my period.The breakthrough bleeding was so painful.  I had to take Tylenol at least once a day.This was my experience but my 23 year old friend loves it and her skin is never better but she does have spotting. I got a 9 month supply of this pill for free 
It works great! My nose is like 98% of the time clear, just some sniffles every now and then when it 's windy. I 'd recommend it to anyone who has a stronger stomach (as it caused me to go to the toilet more often as a side effect), then me. Hardly any fiber in my diet, I 'm trying to change that.
Unfortunately after 3 doses I had to stop this medication. Initially I did experience nausea but I could deal with that, it was into the third week I started to experience severe stomach pain and I was so ill with real vomiting, cold sweats, shakes etc. The pain would not go so doctor had to be consulted and apparently because Trulicity slows the metabolism my stomach wasn 't emptying properly and causing all the problems.  The pain was so severe at one point I really thought I had a serious condition!!!
I along with most people here have had an excellent result with Depakote ER, however the biggest side affect for me is the weight gain. (10 lbs in a month!!)May I add, I eat healthy and work out...it just keeps coming. I 've been on Topamax for 17 months with no relief. I hope there 's something else I can try that 's comparable to Depakote ER, I really don 't want to be obese from medicine.
I have Cervical Dystonia and the first time I received the shots they didn 't work I felt like it made it worse but doctor said everything I was going though was normal it would get better, she said just put ice on my neck and if that didn 't help try a heating pad that didn 't help so I desided not to have the shots any more, but about 6 months later I decided maybe I should try the shots again so I did and I 'am glad I did because they worked the second time. I have to say when I get the shots and they hurt really bad they seem to work better I know that sounds crazy but its because she is getting the muscle that is causing the dystonia to act up. I 'm really glad I give it a second chance. So if you are like me and gave up maybe try it again.
4 injections so far and experienced the nausea which initially lasted three days and slowly is backing down. I have no problem with the injection.  I don 't know if this will help others who develop a lump after their injection but I immediately massage the area on my belly  then use ice for about 10 minutes. No rash no pain no lump. I don 't know if this is the answer to the lumps or I 'm one of the lucky ones but it might be worth a try. My appetite is practically nonexistent.   I am experiencing the bloat. I seem to be able to not eat more than seven or eight bites of food without bringing it back up. I also have the most embarrassing huge burps you have ever heard.  Also take 2000 mg &quot;Metfartin&quot;
Y 'all missed the whole point of this question! It was about that rashes. I use the xulane patch too my first time on bc and yes it does leaves rashes and itch the only thing I can think of now is to not put it in the same spot as last time. I just wonder if the rash is ever going to go away
I have been taking it for about 3 months now, and it works very well. I do not have those strong unrealistic negative scenarios anymore, no voices, no feeling like disappearing, all that is gone, and it minimized my unreasonable fears. I do have long moments of almost total lack of emotions, and I do not feel much in general (I used to be an enthusiastic person) but I do not mind for now, it was terrible not to be able to control inexplicable feelings. I did not gain weight (just a bit, but I also take Wellbutrin). My only concern is how I am going to be when I stop taking this medicine.
Took Ambien CR for the 1st time last night. It took me about 20 minutes to fall asleep, but I did wake up twice during the night and was able to go right back to sleep. I was expecting a full nights sleep without waking up.
Found this to be a very intense medicine. I am 64 and have a history of chronic bronchitis due to non repaired scoliosis and am quite susceptible to respiratory issues. On day 1 and 2 my chest and the ability to breathe was tight and restricted on day 3 much improvement but followed with severe abdominal cramping and nausea with dry mouth. I have lost 6 pounds and feel quite weak and dread the next dose. I am on it for 10 days.
I 'm 16 now and started using  Bactrim when I was 15, I tried many other acne treatments like Proactiv and other topical gels but none of those worked as well as the Bactrim antibiotic! If you just started using this medication give it time it took me about two months to see results but after 6 I had no acne only breaking out occasionally! Wish I had a before and after picture because it was crazy how well my skin cleared. I used to take it twice a day and once my skin was totally clear I only started taking it a few times a week and I started breaking out again and acne came back I 'm back taking it twice a day so hopefully it can do the trick again! But I 'll post again in a few months if/when I see results in my skin again!
I went to my Doctor with main concern being sex drive. He suggested I 'm probably very stressed. And I was, I have two small children. Welbutrin helped my sex drive, I quit stress smoking, and it suppressed my appetite. I just felt really unstable, and was lashing out. I took it for a couple of months then asked to change. I was given Viibryd. I was given 10mg the first week, 20 the second week, 40 the third. Everything was great until I started taking the 40mg. I took it for two days. During those two days I started having panic attacks that I had never experienced before. I thought I was losing my mind! I went back down to 20mg and things got back to normal and I love it! I did experience diarrhea for a while, I 'm not sure if it was related.
My fibromyalgia had gotten extremely bad due to a great number of stresses in my life this year, so the doctor recommended I try Savella.  I was on a drug called Pristiq and when my psych doctor found out about the Savella with it, he said I was beginning to experience Serotonin syndrome - not good.  I got off the Pristiq and cut way back on how much Savella I 'm taking.  I 'm going to increase it very slowly and hope the side effects will subside.  Reading that for some it took 2 months gave me some hope. I 've been having hot flashes, nausea, dizziness, headaches, no energy, but - Hardly NO PAIN! I will keep trying.
I have been using Pradaxa for 6 months now,.I have had severe heartburn issues (horrible heartburn, stomach pain etc.) and found the only way to avoid this is to take the medicine and immediately afterwards have a meal. It seems the food on top of the medicine works better than the other way around (food first, medicine second). Small snacks are not sufficient to suppress the acid attacks. Also, I have to take Nexium to reduce stomach acid production. I have to take it at least 1 hour before breakfast to be effective. According to the company, no testing has been done re: Nexium interference with Pradaxa. I noticed a marked improvement re: bleeding and bruising in comparison to Coumadin.
Didn 't reduce my pressure the way I wanted,  usually between 130/80 to 140/90. Was good for my rapid heart rate and usually brought my diastolic rate down. Unfortunately,  I became tired a lot which I cured by taking good vitamins from GNC. It calmed me from occasionally anxiety. It made me sleep well and I stopped having headaches. Unfortunately,  I had acne,  which I have never had in my life,  labored breathing,  some hair loss,  blurred vision and I became very anxious after six months of being on the drug which made my pressure escalate . I have switched medication now and my doctor is weaning me off slowly. I have gone from 10mg to 2.5mg. It 's a great drug if it works for you,  but it is not for everyone and the side effects vary.
There are more positives for me than negatives. I have little to no PMS (used to have lots of cramps, bloating, moodiness, fatigue, breakouts, breast tenderness). Almost none of that now. Periods much lighter and shorter. Skin cleared up alot (although I get a zit once in awhile now I think because my body has adjusted to the hormone levels). The only drawbacks are decreased sex drive and annoying vaginal dryness.
I took Provigil for 6 months with varying doses (100-300mg/day). It only took about 20-30 minutes to kick in and lasted roughly 7 hours. It gave me an incredibly high level of alertness. I also have mild cataplexy and sleep paralyzation, and it seemed to help keep both of these under control. However, it also gave me very bad nausea and an even worse headache. When the medicine wore off, my body reacted by immediately having a strong &quot;sleep attack&quot;. If I didn 't take my next dose before the first had worn off, the second didn 't seem to work. Also, my urine smelled strange and the smell got even stronger when I drank more water. This stopped as soon as I changed my medication to Adderall.
I was prescribed this medication for muscle pain related to rheumatoid arthritis and chronic tendonitis.  Personally I 'm VERY sensitive to this medication and suffer the &quot;rare: side effects slurred speech, hallucinations  (only at night) disorientation  (I 've gotten lost in my own room twice when I take 4 mg) low heart rate. The highest dose I have taken is 8mg with Xanax for my anxiety,  once I stayed awake although drowsy, I watched a movie; the second time I woke up in ICU for bradycardia, hypotension and change in level of consciousness. Despite talking this daily for 2 months, I still have side effects. My husband says this medicine makes me drunk. I have been taking 1mg at a time.  It does work well.
I 've been on birth control for about three years. I had the Depo shot for 9 months then I switched to the Implanon and have had it for 2 years. I didn 't have a period when I was on Depo or when the Implanon was inserted. The weirdest thing happened I started my period last week and it will stop for a couple days and start up again just wondering if it 's normal for it to happen. Since I 've been on it for so long I didn 't think I would get my period until I had it taken out.
so far doing good. Got a diagnosis of MS 2016, Jan. I was numb from the waist down. Took for a month for the numbness to recede. I am very unbalance. I am hoping as months pass that will disappear. My energy has not return for me yet. Maybe it will. I am praying so. No reactions except itching on the back of my arms. that is all. I do all 7 sites.
I 've had spinal stenosis in my lumbar area with resultant localized and sciatic pain for over thirty years now (just turned 70...decided I was getting to be way too old to be a junkie...got addicted to opiates 25 years ago). After the VA helped me through opiate-replacement therapy, I got off even the Suboxone two months ago. Clean the first time in 30 years. I take Naproxen as needed, but think I need to be on a regular daily twice-a-day dose of 500mg Naproxen to keep the low back pain down.I must be a real wuss! I read all the entries above about people nearly vomiting or passing out from the pain! My own pain is nowhere NEAR that level but I HATE pain of any kind, so try to avoid even aching low back. Naproxen helps.
I don 't have crippling insomnia, but I cycle through rough periods of it. Zopiclone 7.5mg has worked well for me. I fall asleep within half an hour of taking it if I am in bed, lights off. It gives me a good 7 hours of rest most of the time, but I track my sleep quality and sometimes the quality actually isn 't that great. I need to be in bed when I take it because if I stay up for more than ~30 mins after taking it, I can 't fall asleep. Super frustrating, but avoidable.
I have been on dilantion and phenobarbitone both taken at night. I haven 't had any gramdmals in two years. I 've notice some type of rash on my side that doesn 't seem to ever go away and feel a lot more stress and some weight gain but with the two mixed together it works great. I sleep well and have a lot of energy.
I 'm a healthy 36 year old male. The first and only anti-depressant I have taken. I 'm usually quite mellow but when I was going through a divorce, I needed something to calm me down. Lexapro worked great, almost too good. I voluntarily cut back my dosage because I was too care free and avoided even making simple decisions. But the right dosage worked great for me. It also helped me with premature ejaculation, a condition I occasionally encountered. While my sex drive decreased, my confidence went way up. The only bad side effect I had was stomach discomfort when first starting the medicine, but subsides after a few weeks.
Nexium worked great for me too. After two years of use I developed high blood pressure. Maybe related to Nexium (known rare side effect) or maybe not. Stopping the drug seems not possible. Heartburn comes back, and it is very severe. 
I got mine three years ago and literally just got back from having it removed. I bleed for the first 4-6 months regularly and was scared it would never stop (like some other people said theres never did) but I stuck it out and it stopped. In the past 5 months (ending of third year) I had a super light period three times. No changes in skin, possibly could have contributed to emotional distresses and weight gain but other things changed in my life too so I can not say definitively that it was the nexplanon. I think some people are too quick to give up on it because they contribute all their changes to it and don 't factor in everything else that could be contributing to their symptoms (eating, exercise, drinking, etc.).
The drug has performed well to relieve the spasms in my legs.
Paxil has been great. Within less than a week I was feeling better than I have felt in a long time. I have OCD, anxiety issues, PTSD and postpartum depression and Paxil has helped me see a light. I can enjoy my baby girl and life again! I haven 't experienced any of the side effects it says you experience.
This was my first birth control and I used it for about five years before I had to switch to something because of insurance.  I experienced 1-2 days of light spotting when I first started it.  It eliminated all menstrual pain and cramping that I experienced before starting on a birth control pill.  It also made my periods start like clock work.  I did experience more pimples when I took it but nothing major.  I never experienced any weight gain on it.  This pill did pretty much kill my libido though.
ddferrari, I don 't believe these people are faking about their experiences. Because I had a good experience with chantix. Honestly, I AM smoking again. I took this a couple of years ago for about a week or two and went from a pack a day to a cigarette every three days. So it DID help. BUT it did make me super tired so much to the point I felt sick constantly. I was having dreams. Dreams about my boyfriend cheating on me (which he was). I 'm about to start taking them again. I had stopped back then because of all of that stuff. But I 'm going to start again because I did see an improvement. This time I really plan on stopping...
I have Crohn 's disease and was put on remicade to treat it and then I developed medical induced psoriasis it 's so bad and painful I can 't walk some days and I have a hard time opening things like doors. All of hair fell out and be a 24 year old girl I was devastated. I was put on stelara at an abnormally high dose of 90mg 1 a month for a few months now I 'm at 6 weeks the goal is to get me to 8 weeks stelara has made an improvement my hair has started to grow back in and right after the shot I can walk and my hands start to heal but within a couple of weeks I back slide again but stelara has really helped me not lose my mind completely if I was a normal psoriasis person maybe it would be better.
Lost overall 27 lbs but now experiecing slow heart rate and decrease pulse. Cold feet and excessive thrist
I went on this pill when I was 17. The first 6 months were dreadful. An emotional freak, always crying. After my body got used to it, I was totally fine. My boobs went from an A to a C, I did gain a little weight however I blame that on college. I am able to lose weight easily when I diet while on the pill. Never got pregnant, even with missing pills. Regular period, LIGHT period. I would recommend this pill, once your body gets used to it it will be fine.
I 'm on the second week. I have lost 8 lbs but I am going to stop taking it. I can 't deal with the nausea and feeling sick all the time. I had to leave work one day last week because the nausea just kept getting worse. I think this medicine works but for me the results don 't outweigh the side effects.
Started about 10 days ago, the first week was tough, sertraline kept me up and ruined my sleep cycle a bit, had a shaking jaw, low appetite, struggled to hold a conversation.It 's gotten a lot better, though. I wake up between 6 and 7 am, I feel like my energy is slowly coming back to me, I don 't feel hopeless and suicidal. I 'm on a 6-month course of it and I 'm hoping I come out of this feeling good.
I cannot sleep. 
I found this medication extremely helpful when I was first diagnosed. I had to change my eating habits dramatically, so when I messed up or when the nausea flared up Reglan was great. I did find, like many other patients, that the side effects (anxiety for me) got worse over time. After about a year I felt I had learned how to manage my diet and stopped taking Reglan entirely. Reglan was a great tool in the beginning to help me figure out what eating habits worked, but now I manage everything through diet. I think that is very possible for others with gastroparesis, too. 
I started taking Victoza on 2/16/11 at .06mg dosage along with metformin 500mg in am and pm. I weigh 215 at 5 '1 I need to loose some weight. Tomorrow I will increase dosage to 1.2mg, I have been having that eggy burp everyone else keeps talking about as well as diarrhea, nausea, and severe abdominal cramping. I also have muscle aches in my torso like I 've been kicked in the ribs a couple of times. I have experienced no weight loss yet. 
Wrenched knee. Helped with pain.
Xanax XR is very similar to Klonopin. It 's slow to start up (around an hour) then it lasts a long time (8-12 hours). It has subtle effects and no big highs and lows in anxiety like regular Xanax IR does. I highly recommend Xanax XR for all-day (or  most of the day) relief from anxiety and panic attacks. You might want to have regular Xanax or Ativan around for panic attacks on a when required, or as needed, basis for panic attacks only.
Great for hot flashes; however, experience lower abdominal pain.
I took subutex after my breast cancer surgery along with a 800mg  motrin, worked very well, pain level got to around a 2 on the pain scale. I 'm presently on it now, I have 3 crushed l vertebrae  along with CA.,I 'm comfortable. I only wish this had been around 30 years ago. Thanks
March 2016 diagnosed with Acute Myoid Leukemia mutated gene FLT3.Full chemo treatment and after 5 months started on Sorafenib 400mg per day.Still in remission September 2017 .Loss of weight and bowel probems, loss of muscle strength. Since I cannot be cured at least Sorafineb is keeping me alive for as long as it will last. Bloating and tender skin hands and feet using lots of Aveeno lotion. Drug supplied on a compassionate basis.
Am I the only one who used this and didn 't burn at all?? I put it in, used a liner, and went to a fancy dinner with my husband. The worst discomfort I had was day 2 
Overall this prep isn 't too bad. This is my first colonoscopy so I was nervous about the prep and the procedure. This stuff doesn 't taste good but it 's relatively easy to get down just make sure you chill it. After the first dose it started working within about 10 minutes. I took first dose at 5pm and my last bathroom trip was at 130 am. I just took my second dose at 8 am for a 2pm procedure. The second round is a lot better. I got bloating and cramps but no headache so far like a couple others. The worst part is the no eating. At this point I 'm not so worried about the actual procedure as much as I 'm just ready for it to be done so I can eat!
Well I 've been on sronyx for about 9 months now. I was prescribed this as a change from my old birth control (can 't recall name). The  only reason why I changed was because the pill would make me hate my boyfriend and I would be in the worst mood all the time. The change has definitely been worth it. I didn 't gain weight with either pills or  broke out.  My boobs would get tender and really sensitive. but I guess that 's normal I 'm definitely not as moody as before .
I have been in constant pain for 17years (since I was 12) RSD, Chronic Migraine, Fibromyalgia, myofacial pain syndrome, sjogrens, and several other things. Tried everything to manage the pain and gain some of my life back. The only thing I found that helps is Nucynta. I have been on it for about 4 years, (1) 100mg tablet every 4 hours. It 's a love/hate relationship. It 's the only thing that helps my pain, but I hate waking up every morning going through withdrawal bc I 've been on it so long. I tried the ER but it wasn 't as effective. I know it 's not good to be on it for so long but I 'm at a loss for any other options to try, and it really does help me be more functional than I was without it. Besides the withdrawal I have not had side effects
Very helpful to my pain and glad I used it.
I prefer the drops to the ointment. The drops are easier to administer and to figure out the dosage. The ointment worked but was less clean.
I was on Ritalin XR, but it felt like rat poisen too me. I was only remembering the ups and downs, and the short goodtime was not worth it. Yesterday I took my first Vyvanse (Elvanse (EU)) and I was in heaven for the first time in my life. Everything that has been my problems seemed to vanish to some extent, and it lasted the all day! I 'm so happy right know. I 'm sitting writing this 2 hours into my second dose (day), and the most fantastic feeling has already kicked in. I 'm so amazed that I can 't get it out loud enough. :) I have been late diagnosed ADHD at age 48. I have struggled all my life with lot of failing, and had to work twice as much as others too achieve my goals. I 'm so thrilled now for what the future will bring for me!
I found this medication helped me the most through high school.  Right through my senior year I found I didn 't need to even study my notes much because, when I took Concerta, I was so focused that I remembered everything said in class on my own.  The main downside taking this as a student is that it wears off by the time you get home, so doing homework seems impossible -- same with studying.  After I graduated high school though, I noticed Concerta started giving me symptoms of depression and worsening my anxiety to an awful point.  Ultimately my doctor cut me off Concerta due to those emotional side effects.
I have had my implant for about 10 months now, and I 've had a pretty good experiment with it. The changes I have seen are a slight raise in my moodiness, but nothing totally extraordinary. There was a big change in my period though, I went from getting it for a week every month to getting it for 3 weeks every 2 months. It 's a pretty light period, but it 's a little annoying having to wear pads for 3 weeks straight. I think it 's worth it though, it does a great job of not getting me pregnant. When my 3 years is over I think I 'll get it inserted again.
I have an ear infection and am on day 5 of Levaquin. I am getting better everyday and have experienced no side effects.
Nuvigil was a blessing when I started it 18 months ago.  I was alert and focused, not depressed, AND retained my creativity!  I think I 've become dependent upon it since I feel awful without it.  This week the doctor wants me to try going to 250mg since I 've been a bit down with shorter days and less focused.  Due to cardiac conditions, amphetamines are not really a safe option.  All said, at age 51, it 's been pretty much a wonder drug treating multiple conditions.
Just finished week one of starter pack. So far, little to no side effects. Just slightly flushed face and slightly groggy first thing in the morning. Not sure about pain relief just yet. Yesterday pain level was at 3-4 (which is great compared to the usual 7-8). Don 't know if it was just a good day or from the medicine. Time will tell.
I am 24 years old, never had kids,and I 'm also type one diabetic so I try to stay away from added hormones in my body. I have been told about ParaGard since I was 18, finally decided to give it a try. A few days ago I had my implantation of the iud. My Gyno let me listen to some music, took and Ibuprofen an hour before hand. It wasn 't horrible pain, but it was pretty intense but nothing that wasn 't manageable. During the procedure I took very deep breaths, and put pressure on my abdomen, the pain lasted 2-3 minutes. I listened to my favorite song and kept taking my deep breaths. As soon as it was over, the pain stopped. I 've had slight cramps, and spotting. I also have been bloated and I think it 's due to the iud.
I am in the middle of a Carac cream treatment (2 weeks of twice a day, then 2 weeks off, then 2 more weeks of treatment). This is my 4th time using the cream (face, chest) over the years. The results will be good, but the treatment can be challenging.  Here is what I have found to be helpful.  Ice packs make all the difference for me.  Whenever I feel the itch coming on, I grab ice and leave it on the area until the itch subsides.  Also triamcinolone cream really helps.  My doctor prefers the ointment, but I find it difficult to remove.  The cream goes on easy, helps with the itch and the healing.  On the worst days, I took a prescription pain pill which saved me.  My doctor recommended it.
After a year on Sporanox, my badly infected and painful toenail grew out. Odd part is having the infected toenail and other, minor, medical conditions for 30 years; Sporanox cleared up many other conditions. The doctors said not possible, however, I know there is a connection.  Heart arrhythmia, gone; non healing nose/anal fissures, gone; facial/scalp/pubic psoriasis plus mucus membrane inflammation gone for treatment duration, but back after year.  A year later, the original nails were still clear, but different nail infected with peeling, scaly, skin across 1/3 of my foot.  Strangely it didn 't get worse.  Back on Sporanox. Seems to be clearing both conditions. The returning problems above also vanished when restarting Sporanox.
I 've been suffering from acne for about 3 years now. I 've tried so many products on my face to get rid of it but nothing seemed to work. Last month I went to my doctor &amp; he gave me a prescription for Duac and told me to apply it every night, after washing my face with soap. It 's been a few weeks now &amp; I have really been seeing a huge improvement on my face. Although it 's working, I have been getting a few side effects, such as flakiness and ichy cheeks. But I am still happy about the results I 've got so far.
Seems to ease stomach pain.
My doctor had a coupon for a FREE kit of MoviPrep, so that became my choice. It was horrible. I mixed it with water and hated the salty, &quot;lemon&quot; taste. So, I added 16 oz lemon-lime Gatorade. It didn 't help. I started at 5:30 pm and it took me over an hour and a half to get through the liter. It started working 45 minutes into the process. I felt like I was peeing like a racehorse from my backside! By the end of the liter, I still did not have clear flushes, so I was worried. I started my next dose at 9:45. I mixed it with 32 oz of Blue Powerade (still horrible) instead of water. Got done drinking at 11:45. It worked great but needed the second dose to achieve clear &quot;flushes&quot;. I went to sleep at 1am, but had to get up 2x before my 5am alarm.
I have had mt implant since July 2013. Pros:I lost 50 lbs.I 'm not pregnant.My cycle is predictable. I have fewer heavy days.My periods are less crampy.Cons:My period has gone from a week to 2 full weeks plus a few days of spotting.My iron is subsequently low. Low like 10.9.  I am a bit moody.Overall, I 'm a bit ambivalent. I like the not worrying about getting pregnant. The cycle issues are inconvenient at most.  Most women I 've talked to have  no cycle so it seems to react at a very personal level.
It works very well...for 3 hrs., which is too bad. Please take as directed. If not, you 'll run out early. Believe me, you 'll be sorry when you 're in pain and realize you 've run out. It 's very tempting to take more when you 're in pain, but DO NOT DO IT!
Have tried other medications, such as tricyclic antidepressants.  Propranolol helped the most. Without it there is an uncomfortable feeling.
I have been on Bupropion for about two months now, and I can definitely notice a huge change. HOWEVER- My doctor prescribed me this medication and just told me to take one pill in the morning and one in the evening. But for the first week or so, I could not walk without falling over, couldn 't keep up in a conversation and I felt like I was going to vomit ALL the time.  I suggest to anyone who is just starting this medication to slowly let your body get used to it. One pill a day for the first couple of days. The best piece of advice was just take the medication and unless you have suicidal thoughts, pass out, or thoughts of hurting others than just hold on for the ride. Be aware of the side effects. But this is the happiest I have been ever.
I started viibryd just yesterday on a starter pack from my doctor that I requested. I 've tried SEVERAL different antidepressants since I was a teenager: Paxil, Zoloft, cymbalta, celexa, lexapro, and the list goes on. So this brings me to viibryd. I would strongly advise you be very careful with this one. It has strongly resembled an amphetamine for me. I 'm on a 10 mg dose and already I woke up an hour and 15 min earlier this morning(1 day) I felt very alert throughout the entire day at work, and even still feel so wired I can 't imagine going to sleep for several more hours(it 's 10:30 pm). I 'm not sure about titrating to 20mg with this current  effect. I 'll see how it goes and keep you all updated! Any reaction from others would be helpful!
I really like this medication.I dont really have any side effects on it. Of course with any birth control you feel slightly dizzy and tired when you first start taking it , But after a few weeks that wears off and my body adjusted. I switched from Aviane to this and  Iam extremly satisfied!With Aviane I was depressed , confused easily and even my vision would get blurry and also sex drive was completly shot. With this medication though, I have no side effects and I am really happy :)Especially that I still have a sex drive on it..I have been on it one month.
