2nd day on 5mg started to work with rock hard erections however experianced headache, lower bowel preassure. 3rd day erections would wake me up &amp; hurt! Leg/ankles aches   severe lower bowel preassure like you need to go #2 but can 't! Enjoyed the initial rockhard erections but not at these side effects or $230 for months supply! I 'm 50 &amp; work out 3Xs a week. Not worth side effects!
He pulled out, but he cummed a bit in me. I took the Plan B 26 hours later, and took a pregnancy test two weeks later - - I 'm pregnant.
 I Ve had  nothing but problems with the Keppera : constant shaking in my arms &amp; legs &amp; pins &amp; needles feeling in my arms &amp; legs severe light headedness no appetite &amp; etc.
Do not use the cream that comes with this. It turned my hoo-ha into a burning ring of fire. It is 1 am and I have to work tomorrow. It 's going to be a sleepless night for me
The burning is out of control about 20 minutes after inserting it . Sat in the bath trying to get this stuff out . This is awful
SO MUCH PAIN! In the last 2 years I have suffered with a brain tumour so have been in a LOT of pain to the point of morphine everyday for a year. Then I had brain surgery...but the pain from this pill came pretty close!! In serious pain to the point of blacking out hot and cold shivers and just sat in pain feeling like trapped wind/indigestion it 's just.. Ahhhh!!!! Don 't take this!!!
I have taken this at least 5-6 times for the last 10 years. I have had major problems with it since the first time. Causing me MAJOR FATIGUE. The last time I took it was 3 year 's ago and I had very severe cramps and not having enough time to get to the bathroom. I went to the hospital and the doctor said it didn 't work good enough so he had me go home and do a second round. I went back the next day and did the process with no energy. I had to do it last night and it was even worse than the other times. I was gagging it down and up all night with severe cramps. I tried the second dose in the morning and I just about started throwing up so I called the office and they said to stop. Once the doctor was done he said it didn 't evacuate enough
Intuniv did not work for my son; he was bouncing off the walls while he was taking it, and having major issues in class! It seems to work the opposite on him!
I got heart palpitations, really bad - like almost constant. I was taking the 40 mcg one puff twice a day. I switched to flovemt and all is well.
My mother died from lung cancer. Her last hope of this medication. Within a couple months she was gone
I 've been having UTIs for 7 years, my most recent one has lasted 24 days so far. Because of this I went to the doctor and they prescribed me pyridium twice a day. I was very hopeful but unfortunately it didn 't work. The burning while urinating is still there and I 've been on it for three days so far. Also discomfort all hours of the day down there. It may work well for others but my body doesn 't accept it, it did nothing. Going to the doctor was useless, go straight to the urologist
Never again! After being on depo I was suppose to b an ideal candidate the first 6 months was ok bit moody but fine no weight gain but then something changed I was constantly bleeding and getting horrible hormone spots I normally have clear skin mood swings were increasing. After 14 months I decided to have it taken out and that was an ordeal they can b very tricky for the doc remove. So 3 anesthetics and a few stitches later its out. It 's simply not worth the hassle
I have been on this for 8 months and sad to say it 's caused nothing but my self esteem to become lower. I 've gained 10 lbs out of no where. I 'm only 22 and have a fast metabolism. I thought it started to slow down but it didn 't make sense. My breasts got smaller, I have lost complete sex drive, my breasts aren 't sensitive anymore at all like they used to be and I 'm so emotional, even crying at times. The only thing I can say is that it is 100% effective but not worth what it has done to my body. Not only that but I started breaking out on my body and on my face as well.
it caused me to gain 30 pounds
I am always bleeding between periods, I&rsquo;ve also gained 15 pounds and on a skinny girl it&rsquo;s very noticeable! My acne hasn&rsquo;t got worse or better. And now I&rsquo;m not getting my period when I should be. I am experiencing depression where I don&rsquo;t want to be around anyone I don&rsquo;t want to eat because I&rsquo;m gaining so much weight I&rsquo;m stuck in my head and lashing out at people. I&rsquo;m not my normal self. I wish I found a pill that rids my acne and doesn&rsquo;t affect my weight or sex drive..
I had the Mirena put in almost a year ago. Insertion was a breeze next to no cramping. My periods have remained heavy and do not show signs of stopping. Have gained about 30 pounds have acne and headaches and backache, so now I am wondering what is next. My doctor would not take it out and wanted me to remain on it for a year. It is almost a year so I am finding a new doctor and getting it taken out.
do not take this medicine without the supervision of an endroconologist.  It was NOT for me
I started Prozac as one of my first anti depressants for MDD It made me horribly sick. I was nauseous all day, and wouldn 't eat for days at a time. I stayed on it to try and get thorough the side effects but they wouldn 't stop, I was throwing up every other dayOne day I woke up and I started to violently shake, This lasted for over 12 hours until I ended up in the hospital with Tachycardia. This was a horrible experience and months later I still have stomach and heart issues, I 'm on new medications now, But because of my bad experience I get very anxious when I take them
Awful medicine, the worst. The side effects outweigh the benefit.  Headache the first night, leg and back pain, Sensitive skin,  just awful. Pain got worse and worse. I changed my meds to ciproflaxcin. I have used this in the past so hopefully, it will continue to help. I even questioned the doc at urgent care to see if I can take cipro and she offered macrobid. Maybe this urgent care and this medication is something they get a deal on....stay away from macrobid.
This cream is absolutely horrible. I will admit the cream initially does what is says it will do, gets rid of the redness. However this is completely temporary, around 6 hours in my experience. What comes afterward is a serious rebound. I spent the day outside in the cold weather (normally a trigger for me, which would normally warrant redness) and when I came back in around 6 hours later my face has never felt hotter in my life. My skin burned and was unbelievably deep red, it looked as if I had held my face up against a fire. This lasted around 2-3 hours. I used it once more thinking my skin needed to get used to it and the results were even worse. I threw away all of my samples after 2 days.
I try not to take medicine unless I am really sick but my doctor recommended I take cephalexin for a small cyst on my eye lid.  I decided to try it because antibiotics are one of the medicines I believe are very good when you are sick and your body needs a little help to heal.  My dosage was three 500mg per day for 10 days.  After the first day I developed stomach cramps and diarrhea.  I was not sure if it was due to the medicine so I continued to take the cephalexin for two more days.   When the condition did not get any better I stopped taking the cephalexin.  It has now been a week since I first took the cephalexin and I still have stomach cramps and diarrhea.  I advised my doctor 's office of my problem but they have not called me yet.
I 've been on this medication almost a full month. I never feel hungry and have been eating WAY less than I ever have, however the scale has not moved. Bad heartburn has been my only side effect. I 'll try it one more month and then if no weight loss, I 'm going to stop. Disappointed...and I had to pay $1,000 out of pocket!
This med caused me to hear internal voices (auditory hallucinations, but in my head). Made me paranoid, anxious, scared to be alone, tired, nauseated, no appetite,  and felt schizophrenic. Started at 50 mg, coming off immediately, per my PDoc. I hope it gives you relief, as most seem satisfied. Bummer it wasn 't my life saver.
Gave this high priced, 12 hour cough &quot;suppressant&quot; in the kiddie version, to my 6 year old. The only thing it suppressed, was his ability to sleep. Worse product I 've ever purchased for him.
I 'm 27 w/ two kids. After my second child was born in 2008 I suffered from almost daily tension/migraine headaches. I wanted to try Mirena as a solution to birth control and possibly help my headaches. After 4 months my headaches are slightly better but I have had some noticeable side effects; 10-15 lbs weight gain, increased discharge, longer periods, and cramping after sex or exercise. 
I was diagnosed with adult onset Diabetes last Dec. I started onMetformin 750 and almost immediately my fasting glucose droppedto 94. That is what it has been since but I have been bothered withneuropathy for  months. I tried Lyrica for 3 months and it didabsolutely nothing for the pain. I am presently taking gabapentin300 mg at bedtime and it helps slightly. The cost for the Lyricawas money out the window.
My genius psychiatrist started me on this drug in the fall of 2008.  The first few weeks I felt even worse than before I had started taking the fluoxetine.  After many months on the drug I was eventually taking 400mg a day, and having manic thoughts &amp; episodes.  My psychiatrist decided I was bi-polar and then started me on seroquel (rather than give me a break for my nervous system to re-adjust to it 's natural state), which I also ended up taking for about 6 months and at about the same dose.  In retrospect I wish I hadn 't taken either fluoxetine(Prozac) or seroquel(Quetiapine).
Had open heart surgery and double mastectomy in a span of 2 years. Very painful nerve pain most of the time. Bio- Freeze (Roll- On) Definitely works for the pain. Unfortunately it has literally burned my chest. Don 't want anyone to go through this.Thank you, Be well everyone.
My rheumatologist put me on Plaquenil for UCTD.  Two days later I started having migraines, fits of crying, anxiety attacks, irritable, very depressed, and feeling almost convulsive.  When the doctor took me off the medicines, I slept for 15 hours, just getting up to have dinner and going back to bed.  This medicine is NOT for me.
My Endo insisted I switch from lantus to tresiba.  I was quite stable on lantus and humalog for over 15 years but she said it was better.  I 've been a diabetic for almost 30 years and so I was very hesitant to switch.  I should have listened to myself.  The first 3 weeks were okay but not better.  Then I started feeling breathless and fatigued.  It took me awhileâ€‹ to realize it was the tresiba.  I switched back to lantus a week ago and I am already feeling better.  No more breathlessness or fatigue.  My blood sugars were worse on tresiba so it will take a bit to straighten out my a1c.  I really should have listened to my gut.  Just because it 's new doesn 't mean it 's better.
Agree with the majority of reviews. Itching/burning is so much worse after immediate application. Side effects not accurately stated. Waste of money. Will never use again.
This medicine did nothing at all for my pain. Glad it works for some, but it didn 't for me!
I had severe vomiting and diarhoea for 3 days caused by clarythromycin. After being treated for dehydration at the hospital, clarythormycin was replaced with doxycycline, and I have no problems since.
Received 3-month shot two weeks ago to stop heavy menstrual bleeding in preparation for a hysterectomy next month. My period started and the bleeding is just as extreme as usual. No relief in blood or pain with this drug. Have experience hot flashes (minor), headaches (minor), night sweats, nausea (moderate), and have pain in upper right back area. Will be seeing doctor later this week to get checked on. I know it 's early in the process, but I 'm disappointed. I took it knowing about the side effects, but was willing to go along with them to get my bleeding under control and to build up my iron stores.
I 'm 24 years old and have always had a pretty regular period. I missed a period last month and immediately went to the dr to make sure everything was okay. He confirmed it was probably stress due to the numerous issues I listed and prescribed provera 10mg once a day for 10 days. He said this would make me have a period after the 10 days so that my next period wouldn 't be so bad. Day 1 didn 't sleep for 27 hours. Day 2 I got extremely weak but couldn 't sleep at all and the cramps started rapidly. Day 3 I 'm in tears from all the pain and pressure in my lower stomach and back. Day 4 I can 't get up from heating pad no appetite face is broken out in red blotches I 'm bloated and feel huge and my mood is terrible. I will not take another pill. Ever
I was prescribed benzonatate today for the third time in the last few years. I have a wicked sinus infection and hacking cough. Every time I have been prescribed benzonatate, I have had a good attitude, &quot;Maybe this time it will work.&quot; Every time I have used it, I have felt like I was given a placebo by mistake. No side effects at all, but it has never worked for me. Not working today either.  Still hacking.
Stay away from this medication. The 1st day used, I was impressed, but 2 days later I had a rebound and my face was burning like hell. I waited like 4 days to re-apply and see what happens, but I lost sensation on my lips and they got swollen. Then, after 24 hours the rebound got worse and was like two weeks after my skin stopped burning. I still don 't understand how this product was approved by the FDA.
I have been on metoprolol er 12.5mg since September 20th. The first month was great then on October 21st my resting heart rate went from 61 to 70 and when I walk it suddenly goes to 140 for no reason. I work out 6 days a week and it doesn 't make any sence to me. Going back to my doctor tomorrow to figure it out. I just don 't see why all of a sudden it would make things 10x worse. I didn 't take it today to see if it would help. I was able to exersice without my heart rate sky rocketing to ridiculous numbers. This is the first medication like this I have ever taken. Plus the weight gain is ridiculous. I lost 15 lbs before starting this medication and less then 2 months I gained it all back.
I started depakote 3,000mg straight off when I was 15 years old  I have since been taken off from it and still paying the price for it. It made me hungry constantly i gained a total of 50 pounds in 7 months I had no energy at all and no feelings no happy thoughts no sad thoughts I was literally a zombie and now I 'm still seeing new doctors and switching meds all the time and I 've had enough nothing is working and no one can help me I really need help and can 't find it anywhere
I am 25 years old and have been taking this for over 2 years now. 2 years ago I was 145 lbs and now I am 165 and miserable. My husband and I have been dieting and exercising for the past year and half and I have only gained weight, never lost. I finally went to my doctor with the following symptoms: tired all the time even with 10 hours of sleep, mood swing (which effect my relationship), depression, sadness (for no reason), crying out of no where, weight gain and inability to loose weight, bad skin. All of those symptoms are also what people with Thyroid issues have. Well I get my thyroid tested this past week and its normal. I read these reviews and bam! I am getting off this immediately and I am really upset I did not read these sooner.
Tylenol with codeine #3 does not work for my cough due to bronchitis. I took the meds as prescribed for two weeks. Never worked.
This drug had no effect on me except for a very strange taste in my mouth. I stopped taking this after 3 weeks. I was on a low dose. Will go to specialist soon to discuss.
This birthcontrol is terrible! I am 28 years old was given this since I was diagnosed with PCOS. I took it for 3 weeks and stopped. The 2nd week I was bleeding, bad cramping, and clotting as well...I just assumed it was my body getting used to it after that I got bad bloating to the point that my bladder had pressure on it and I felt the full urgency feeling but did not have a UTI! I had horrible depression and anxiety as well ( i am not a anxious or depressed person) It drove me NUTS!!!!!!!  I stopped taking it and it took 4 days to get out my system and have me feel back to normal! I have some zits now from it as well but that 's better than all that other crazy stuff...
My father has started the treatment 2 months ago, and the virus in your blood lowed. However, the sides effects has being terrible. My father feel worse now than before the treatment. He has cognitives problems now, problems to speak, he lost interest in everything. We did a magnetic ressonation in your brain and they found a tumor probably linked to the medicine. My father is transplanted, now we are trying to figure out this, because he cant do the treatment to solve the tumor.
I 've had Implanon for a little over a year and nothing but problems and heavy bleeding CONSTANTLY, since the 3rd week it was inserted. Maybe like 20 days all together have been off! But I will say one nice thing about it is, that you don 't have to remember it each day or ever have to worry about changing it. 
I calledThe pharmacy today, because this thing doesn 't work. I had a asthma attack and had to use my breathing machine. It needs to be recalled.
I have had severe depression since my teens and have been on antidepressants for many years. Fortunately I have had beneficial effects from several over the years.  The most effective treatment to date has been a combination of Wellbutrin and Cymbalta. I took that combination for ten+ years and unfortunately I recently started slipping downward, increased depression and feeling out of control.  I  was prescribed Fetzima (transitioned off Cymbalta) and completed the starter pack with the only benefit being increased energy. My Dr then increased the doseage to 80mg and have been at 80mg for two + weeks.  I have never felt (for lack of a better word) so crazy in my life! I have been so irretiable, angry, depressed and unreasonable and feeling
Awful! I put in the one time treatment around 11:15pm and I 'm up at 1am with the most intense itching/burning sensation of my life! I bought it because the antibiotic I 'm taking gave me a YI but this is completely terrible! I want to scratch my vag off. NEVER again.
Took this pill for 1.) Acne and 2.) Birth Control.  I have had a side effect that very few people had which was hair loss in the scalp.  Big amounts of hair would come out when I would shower.  I realized this happened to me with a previous birth control as well but want to note for others as a precaution.  I got extremely bloated on this medication.  I have a flat tummy and it looked like I was pregnant which was painful and annoying.  This also gave me a very backed up system which I never get.  I got extremely nauseous, very moody, heartburn, anxiety and some depression.  The only pro was that my breasts grew a cup size.  Can 't complain about that! I 've been off of this pill for three days and all of these symptoms are gone.
I just finished my first pack two days ago and I will not be taking it again. In the beginning I was fine. There were no symptoms and I was feeling good. Now that it 's been a month I can tell you I 'm in a place I don 't recognize. Every little thing my boyfriend does I get upset over, I 'm constantly crying and paranoid, never want to get out of bed and I 'm depressed. This is miserable, and I 'm hoping that within the next few days I 'll feel normal again after being off of this.
This stuff is terrible. Burns. Badly. Thought I could wait it out- spent two hours in bed reading reviews which made me feel better but I should be sleeping. Going to try to push it out and probably spend the night with an ice pack between my legs......asking for Diflucan tomorrow because this is just not worth it. More expensive too. All around just bad. DONT USE IT IF YOU HAVET YET
I tried the samples my dr sent me home with. It gave me some of the worst stomach aches of my life. And I didn 't go to the bathroom anymore than I normally do. I hated this medication, it made me feel much worse.
I started taking this bc pill a month and week ago. At first I just got nauseous then I started getting migraines which were intense and the depression was horrible I was so emotional over stupid things.I got my second pack and took it at 7pm woke up at 8am and felt fine but around 12 I felt bad .I was so weak I couldn 't move and I was sweating and cold and my arm went numb and it felt like I had a hang over but worse. my eyes hurt also. I am getting off this pill and getting switched to a different kind. This was the first bc pill I 've ever used.
First of all, I started taking birth control when I was 17. I started to regulate and lighten my period. I took Yaz for a year. No problems. After I turned 18, my insurance dropped me so I went to a women 's clinic and was given six months of the Ortho. I have been taking it for four months now, and once this pack is gone, I 'm done. The side effects are HORRIBLE. I have no drive for sex. I 'm moody, I cry constantly. My period is heavy and unpredictable. It also lasts forever. I haven 't gotten pregnant (we use condoms as well though), but that 's the only plus. My relationship is at stake here because of a pill.
All the side effects
This was the worst experience I 've had with a medication. I had to go off Lithium because it gave me hypothyroidism and diabetes insipidus and Geodon was a replacement. I was given Geodon at the lowest dose for about two weeks. I was okay, but experiencing a bit of random anxiety. Then my dose was upped and I had a panic attack (I 've only had 3 of those in my life before) within 24hrs. Several days later I was in the ER with suicidal thoughts for the first time in 20 years. As far as general effectiveness goes before the dosage increase sent everything haywire, I got depressed right away once totally off the Lithium, so it wasn 't really helping anyway. The suicidal thoughts and anxiety were gone within 48hrs after I stopped taking it.
I was prescribed this for headaches and eye irritation for allergies.  Been  taking it for a month.  No improvement or change in symptoms.  Drs office said it takes a few days to help symptoms ; pharmacist said it can take 4-6  weeks to build up on in your system.  The generic is cheap but after a month,  no change.  Don 't know if its med not working or mis diagnosis
It has the most disgusting taste it made me sick. Retail price over $900.00 and I threw it away.
I have been on Nexplanon for about a year and a half now. I decided to go with this form of BC because I am so forgetful that the pill was just not an option for me. This has honestly been one of the most frustrating experiences I have ever had. When I first got it inserted in my arm I noticed I had my period practically everyday and this went on for about 3 months until I went back to my  gynecologist and she said it was completely normal and that it should stop. Well it hasn 't at all. Everyday I have spotting and it 's gotten to the point where I have to wear a tampon every day . Every time I have sex there is always blood everywhere. And it 's hard explaining why I am always on my period to my partner and it 's made me self conscious.
Prescribed via a Psychiatrist for severe Panic attacks for 2 years.If I take dosage late or forget to take it the withdrawal symptoms kick in.  Gnawing physical pain, breathlessness, disorientation to time, difficulties in word finding while speaking, severe muscle pain and stiffness, nausea, labile emotions and panic.
Worked for 2 weeks then stopped.
The medication helped my pain and did not increase my appetite. But I ended up in the hospital with 75% of the side effects including irregular heart rate and low potassium levels. 
It doesn 't work for me. I have been on 6mg a day for four months (one 4mg and one 2mg patches). My testosterone was slightly above 100 before the patches and today is 11. That 's right 11.
Had a large pedunctulated fibroid tumor on my uterus- shot was administered , they found my fibroid got larger after 3 months. Had to have a partial hysterectomy to have it removed so I could sit, drive and have sex without being uncomfortable or bleeding.  I had every side effect which was miserable. I had extreme hair loss (thinning) and I 'm still trying to grow it back... this drug did not work for me. It has been over a year.
So I 've been on this for about 6 weeks or more and I haven 't lose a pound! I don 't have any side effects nor an appetite so I guess that 's a good thing... I 'll keep at it for a little longer to see if it 'll work for me! At this point I 'm a little discouraged
So, I was having symptoms of BV so I went to the doctor and found out it was a yeast infection, after using the cream for just 3 days (it was a 7 day dosage) I had a major reaction, bad vaginal pains I could barely sleep. I went back to the doctor who now says it was not a reaction but possibly herpes. I had no pain no issues or anything before this cream, now possibly herpes. I am waiting on my results and praying it was in fact a reaction to this horrible cream
I am 17 and was on it for half a year and never had a period. I got off it in January and still today have no period and its been 10 months. 
This medicine was an extremely horrible experience for me. My doctor prescribed it to me for anxiety and day one sent me off the edge. How I felt during anxiety attacks was how this medication made me feel but fifty times worse. I felt like I drank a million milligrams of coffee and was on pins and needles for 8 hours. After reading these reviews I hate that it didn 't have the same affect on me as it did the majority. I hate anxiety but I can 't see myself taking another one of those pills EVER.
I have only tried the generic version of Cialis so maybe the real thing would work better, but it does nothing for me except a slight thickening of the penis. That would be fine if I were taking the drug recreationally, but I do actually need some help.I regularly take Kamagra, which is generic Viagra, and that does work. Viagra is better, and I can get away with half the dose that I use for Kamagra, but it still costs 5 times as much. The slight difference is that Viagra swell the penis a little and possibly numbs it s little too, making you last longer.But if I had to rely on Cialis, I would have no sex life, effectively. It must just be me, or at least ineffective for some people, because many people swear by it.
I have been on nexplanon since 2-20-17 and have had a non stop period since two weeks after it was inserted
I have only been on orsythia for about 1 month and I just started my second week of my second month.  I guess I didn 't notice earlier but I started to get slight headaches and I didn 't feel very well physically and mentally.  It do help with my cramps and my period, not so much my acne but it 's better.  The worst part of orsythia has to be the mood swings and the sweating!  I sweat a lot even if it 's cold I 'll start a light sweat, it 's gross.  But the mood swings are the worst I just started feeling this and it happened while I was talking to one of my friends I just blew up on him, for no reason.  Then later on I started to feel really bad(mentally) and I cried for a while and I couldn 't figure out why I was crying! I don 't recommend!
The horrible side effects (even with HRT) were not worth it. The hot flashes, joint pain, mood swings, depression and long-term effects on my bones were NOT worth it.I really wish doctors would stop trying to give me this as it only does harm.Endometriosis can only be helped by EXCISION by a skilled surgeon, and will only last for up to a few years. Please stop getting doctors to postpone proper treatment with this.
I didn 't like Topamax. I became very paranoid, anxious and since I have been off of it I still have mild side effects from it. Not a good experience. Glad it works for some.
Made me jittery and could not sleep. Lost weight but side effects were very bad. Doctor switched me to Belviq. See what happens. No insurance coverage yet. Still fighting for it with them.
52 hrs old, I started taking Flomax for BPH. It completely blocked my sinus. So I asked for something different. My urologist prescribed Rapaflo, but they blocked sinus was even worse and it cost me 260.00 for 30 pills! Horrible medicine! Avoid at all costs.
I have been on Ambien for many years and it stopped working for me. My dr. has tried some other meds, but so far nothing seems to work. I 've been on Elavil for about a week now and it seems as if I 'm taking a sugar pill. It 's just not working for me I wish it did work as well for as it has for others.
I started this medication for Gastroparesis after 11 months of not being able to keep anything down. I noticed it helping after first two doses. I was so excited until the awful side effects started. Drowsiness to the point I couldn 't function, severe stomach and back pain and bowel issues. I had to stop after 5 days in order to be able to take care of my family. So disappointed.
I took this antibiotic the second time I had a UTI. I had a quantity of 28 pills, but I was only meant to take 14 in a course of 7 days.  (why would they prescribe me 14 more pills !?)So, after my 14th pill, my UTI symptoms never stopped. So I took the 15th pill. Immediately, I broke out in hives and rashes all over my body. so I stopped taking the antibiotic. The rash was so violent and itchy, I had to go to the emergency room where they gave me an IV with saline, benadryl, and steriods to help with my allergic reaction. many other people have allergic reactions  on this antibiotic. As if she wanted me to overdoseSo please, I beg of you to do your research on this antibiotic. It could be life threatening!!
I tried this brand for the first time. My previous option makes me drowsy.  Back to the point,the only thing robitussin has done for me is caused gas and random bowel movements.  No help in the intended propose.
I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about 2 months. Couldn 't continue with them due to the side effects. I was terribly hormonal and I wanted to eat everything in sight. I cried all the time and everything made me upset and moody. At the time I was 17 (now 18), 5 '4&quot; and about 118lbs. It made me gain weight and go up to 126lbs that I now have trouble getting rid of. Hope this helps!
Took it for 2 weeks and my condition got worse. Not worth the side effects--dry eyes, mouth and skin, lethargic and sleepy. Had to go 5-6 times a night and sometimes 10 times before lunch.
I took this for one week.  It did not help me get to sleep at all. On the first night I was awake ALL NIGHT LONG.  Second night I finally fell asleep at 3am. I had to start back on Seroquel to get to sleep at all.  I have stopped taking Rozerem because by the 6th night I had an AWFUL headache. Tonight is night two without Rozerem and I am hoping that by the time I wake up tomorrow it will be out of my system and the headache will be gone.
Within a few days after minor knee surgery I have had serious loose stools several times a day for four months.
I took pristiq for a month, one pill a day,I 'm currently tapering myself off of it now because it has caused the following effects:Loss of any emotionUncontrolable shakingInability to feel hungry or full &amp;Inability to feel pain I 'm 16 and this anti depressant is for 18  but my gp thought it was a good idea to prescribe it for me? I don 't think I 'll ever take another anti depressant again I 'd rather feel everything than nothing.
This medicine is a joke. They want to take you off Percocet and hydrocodone and put you on this medicine which is supposed to be longer acting. But I&rsquo;d rather take six Percocet 10 mg a day then one of these. They had me on 40 mg for four weeks it didn&rsquo;t help with my pain whatsoever.
* hopefully it will cure the ulcers and torn up stomach caused by antibiotics due to  infection from kitten bite. The side effects are awful tired, burps, insomnia, fever, headaches, loss of appetite, belching, bloated, fatigue, drowsiness, tired feeling, and stomach upset...am on other meditations and it 's my depression is worse but not sleeping or feeling well add to it. Not sure if it 's connected but I have so many canker sores on my tongue my throat hurts.
I would like to lodge a complaint. I came in for surgery on 12-17-16. I told the anesthesiologist that I did not want memory blocking drugs. He told me I would be given Propofol which was fine with me I had that before with good results. When I woke up in the recovery room and was having issues blurred vision, double vision, sensation of spinning, and loss of balance; my husband stated this had not happened before with Propofol.  I was told I was given Versed (a memory blocking drug). We were told the procedure went well, so I do not know why this side-effect inducing drug was administered. I was sent home while very unsteady on my feet with sensation of spinning, and loss of balance. I do not believe it was safe to discharge me in that condition. Indeed my husband called my son to help him get me into the house. Most of all I feel my trust was violated, and my wishes were not followed while I was in a vunerable position, and this greatly concerns me. Next time do I need to request that my husband stay with me through the complete procedure for my own protection from the staff?
Used the 3 day Monistat. Intense itching/burning as soon as I used the applicator. Worst pain I have ever felt. What the hell is Monistat trying to do? I 've used before and it did not do this. I 'm calling my Doctor for Diflucan. This stuff is awful.
They switched me from Necon to Nortrel saying it was the &quot;same&quot;. Within the first week I knew it was bad for my body. My acne got worse and hurt, and my doctor said it should be helping my acne get better. Since I started 6 months ago with Nortrel I have had dry eyes and now I have a hard time seeing far away, which my eye doctor said is due to dry eyes since I have 20/20 vision. I was on Necon for 4 years and was so upset they switched me. I 'm stopping the pill completely now and I 'm worried about side effects of going off but it 's not worth the dry eyes and other bad side effects. Very disappointed.
Did not help me go to sleep but relaxed me. But  I got a headache that seemed to increase during my 10  day trial. I do not like it and will not get any more
I started Bydueron 10 weeks ago.  I was fine the first 6 weeks.  On week 7, I became extremely ill.  Vomiting, explosive diarrhea, gas pains and bloating like never before, long flatulence every few minutes (how embarrassing!), and sulfur-tasting belching (like rotten eggs).  Endo dr. said it wasn 't the med.  I went to my primary doctor because I wasn 't sure if it was a virus.  All of my tests came back negative.  Third week, same thing.  I decided not to take the injection and notified endo. She told me to stop metformin and resume shot.  Last week, had shot and condition worsened.  She finally told me to stop the injections.  It 's been four weeks of suffering.  Not worth it!  This stuff is poison to me!
I take Risperdal to treat my schizophrenia, but I also suffer from paranoia. I know Risperdal is not used to directly treat my paranoia, but it 's done nothing for my schizophrenia either. The voices and hallucinations are still prominent.
I started Augmentin on Thursday morning because I had typhoid. My doctor insisted it will clear it and make me feel better.  Since Thursday,  I have experience extreme diarrhea,  nausea,   and body pains.  I wake up 8 -10 times during the night to vomit and stool.  Both happens simultaneously and as at this morning of the fourth day,  I feel like I might never get better. I am going to stop it. I have no more strength to even puke or sit up.  I can 't lie on my belly or back either and my two sides are aching seriously due to the constant support
Have been on the patch for 5 months now &amp; it 's just awful, I feel nauseous all the time &amp; get headaches and the dizziness that comes along with it. My periods are heavy &amp; have painful cramping, some in between bleeding
After 3 years of astounding results from Supartz, I had to miss injections due to having ObamaCare where my policy was not accepted by my Ortho MD for 15 months.  Medicare is accepted and I returned for my semi-annual injection series wherein he told me he has seen slightly better results with Euflexxa.  After the first injection, I noticed significant swelling associated with an increase in pain from zero to 3.  After the second injection, the swelling had increased and pain worsened to a 6 with my inability to climb stairs.  The third injection was followed by a steroid to help reduce the swelling and an infection was ruled out. I am now scheduled for an MRI.  Supartz works, Euflexxa does not.
I was diagnosed with severe painful and silent migraines a few months ago, but the neurologist said I 've most likely suffered from silent migraines my entire life (I 'm 17 by the way), but recently they have started getting painful. Imitrex was the first medication I was put on. I was excited to start feeling better, but imitrex made me feel awful. I suffer from extreme nausea before, during and after a migraine and it 's completely life ruining. I 've tried imitrex many times, in hopes of it finally working. Every time I 'd take it, I 'd get a horrible burning in my throat, and my migraine would worsen. It didn 't help nausea, aura, pain or any other migraine symptoms I suffer from. I 've recently been put on another medication that 'll hopefully work.
I am 22, no prior children, I have endometriosis &amp; was told Mirena was the best option. The implementation process was hell. The worst pain I have ever been in. I fainted &amp; had to have a friend pick me up. I left it in for 10 months. Within those 10 months I 'd gained 18 pounds (on a 5 foot tall person that 's horrible), I was moody, had the worst cramps, hair loss, acne, horrible headaches, the appetite of a sumo wrestler, &amp; didn 't want to do anything. I felt lazy and borderline depressed. They don 't tell you those side effects for obvious reasons. Yesterday I finally had it removed. Being traumatized by having it put in I about made myself sick with nerves. The removal was quick and painless and I already feel like myself again.
I 've read a lot of reviews on this pill, and I agree with the reviews that reflect negative side effects. I believe every woman is different, and my chemistry doesn 't work well with this pill. I 've been on it for five months, and I can 't wait to switch. I 've noted breast tenderness, weird cramping, severe mood swings (laughing and crying at the same time while watching commercials; that was odd), my period doesn 't occur in the normal cycle time, and I 've gained a significant amount of weight. It probably works well with some women, but not for me.
I am 21 years old, non-smoker, do not drink often, exercise regularly (aka. poster child of health, I was a college athlete as well...I don 't even have a cavity!) I recently got diagnosed with DVT (blood clot in leg) and a pulmonary embolism.  I was on Junel FE and the 3 doctors I saw said it was due to the birth control.  DO NOT TAKE THIS!  I know it is considered a &quot;rare&quot; side effect, but it can happen to you easily.  Apparently it is not as rare as I thought.  The medication is VERY costly and you may have to be on blood thinners for the rest of your life. Be careful.
I 've been on Copaxone for 2 years, and symptoms have gotten worst.  I guess there 's a reason the side effects make it so appealing to everyone.  My doctor is finally changing it to another medicine, unfortunately due to severe liver side effects.  I am in so much pain and fatigue everyday, I 've lost so much of my life, my job, my social life.  Trying to overcome this monster.
This pill did not work for me. After three days  I started noticing severe mood swings, mostly between irrational anger and despondency. My perfectly clear skin also started to breakout, I could never feel satiated (not necessarily hungry but still snacking all the time), unable to fall asleep, and had horrible constipation. I went off the pills and a week later still have most of the side effects, although my insomnia has improved. Definitely not for everyone, hoping it will get out of my system soon!
Not once but twice woke up during 2 separate procedures for colonoscopies, with doctors trying to force air out.   Drug is way too mild.
Prescribed via a Psychiatrist for severe Panic attacks for 2 years.If I take dosage late or forget to take it the withdrawal symptoms kick in.  Gnawing physical pain, breathlessness, disorientation to time, difficulties in word finding while speaking, severe muscle pain and stiffness, nausea, labile emotions and panic.
I 've been prescribed this med for 4 times a day for 14 days I feel horrible ,the taste in my mouth is so nasty ,my urine is dark ,my Bowel movements look green and funny .has anyone experienced this?
Still felt nauseous after being given this drug after surgery. I woke up extremely sick and vomiting. This was the third drug given to help combat these effects. I didn 't know I 'd been given it but my heart started racing and concerned the nursing staff, and their concern made me anxious. I was so scared and paranoid about what was happening to me which I later found out was all because of this drug. They ended up flushing it out of my system.
It is too bad that doctor 's are so freaked out about addictive behavior to the point where they are willing to let people suffer.  Valium in low dose works and this is just junk.  It may work for some but even results using test rats I have seen state they have low results.   I resent it when a person really needs help for acute conditions and they are given this kind of low performing medication.
I never received any relief.Not sure if it even works. I followed directions, just awful product.
This medication was by far the worst antidepressant have taken. The first month I seemed to do very well on it, after a year on it, I hit rock bottom mentally. It caused more terrible symptoms than what was beneficial to me. I had weird brain zaps that left me in bed for days, sleep disturbances, attention seeking behavior, as well as OCD that I had never experienced previously. It took forever to get off this terrible drug and I call it a terrible drug because your brain and body get physically addicted the way a street drug would, you miss 1 day and you start having severe withdrawals, sweats, extreme brain zaps, feeling out of touch w/reality/strange thoughts. After a month of being off Effexor, All of the bad stuff stopped.
I am writing on behalf of my partner who used the nasal spray to relieve a blocked nose, within two days of using she experienced severe flu like symptoms alongside a sore threat, light headedness and dizziness. The product only worked for a short period of time before returning her nose back to its blocked self.
Lo Lo Estrin Fe started out ok for me the first 3 months. I didn 't have a period and it was the best thing ever since my period is a nightmare for me before. Shortly after the 3 months I saw a difference in my body and weighed myself and I was 10 lbs heavier. Along with the weight gain I also suffered from horrible sporadic cramps and really bad acne. This is the worst birth control ever and I 'm changing it ASAP!!
I don 't recommend it. Stay away from this shoot.
60 mg/day for 4 months and no relief of fibromyalgia symptoms. Killed my libido entirely and had trouble sleeping.
One of the very first side effects of this drug was spotting which I was ok with, but during the very first two months I experiences horrible cramping, way worse than the cramping of my usual period, I literally felt like my uterus was going to explode...it hurt that bad. Along with that also came the side effects of a burning vagina - very uncomfortable and worse it lasted a while, to the point where I didn 't want to have sex. Also for 2 weeks I was very depressed. This drug caused me to be extra sensitive to everything. Along with that on the 4th month of taking this I started to get hives all over my forehead. They were terribly itchy and nothing made them go away, even after I stopped taking it, it took months for it to go away :(
Everyone reacts to drugs in different ways however I will never again take bactrim. I started feeling tired and got a bad headache the second day after taking it. That same night was even worse... I felt nauseous, my head hurt even worse, and all I could do was cry. I felt like I wasn 't even in my own body. The medicine definitely messed with my head. It was the worst feeling ever. Now I know to never take bactrim or any other sulfur drugs!
I have been on this pill for a month and a half after my pharmacy gave it to me, I called to say you gave me the wrong pill (Junel Fe 24 is what I was on) and they said the manufacturer changed but this is the SAME birth control. It 's manufactured in India. In a month and a half, I have gained 7-8 pounds. I am very athletic, I eat a plant based diet, I work out, I sit as a job but that hasn 't made me gain weight like this. I amannoyed. I worked for 9 months to lose 30 pounds, now I am gaining weight for no reason, crying all the time for no reason, self doubting myself and my poor boyfriends love for me, AND BREAKING OUT which is why I got on birth control in the first place.
I was diagnosed a month ago with rheumatoid arthritis. My doctor started me on Plaquenil 2 weeks ago. 300 mg 2x a day. I had to stop taking it after a week because it upset my stomach causing vomiting, nausea, and extreme diarrhea. My doctor tried lowering my dose to 150 mg 1x a day to no avail. I 'm hoping that she can put me on something that will work better as I have been in extreme pain for over a year. I am 30 years old.
I honestly wish I was going through childbirth because at least they give you a ton of drugs. THIS PAIN IS UNBEARABLE!! I wouldn 't wish this on my worst enemy... I want to itch so bad that I feel like a dog!
I started taking Belviq March 28, 2016. It has been just about a week now. I would suggest that you go with the 15-day free trial before you consider purchasing this product. It hasn 't worked for me at all, in fact I almost feel like I 'm taking a placebo. I haven 't noticed any change in my appetite other than being just as hungry or hungrier. I 'm not really sure how it 's supposed to work, I just know that isn 't working. I purchased the 30-day supply so I 'm going to keep taking it until I finished all of the medication, but I doubt very seriously that I 'll be reordering. Maybe by some miracle something will happen after 2 or 3 weeks. I 'm very disappointed because I really want to lose weight and I don 't want to have surgery.
I immediately began bleeding from my rectum after  taking this medication. It was painful and I had to be rushed to the emergency room. I don 't recommend anyone taking this medication.
Took this medication twice a day for 10 days for infection of sinuses and adenoids. First three days my stomach hurt and headaches. Remainder of the days no side effects until the day I stopped taking it developed diarrhea and severe stomach cramping that didn 't go away. 5 days after stopping the med now positive for C DIFF. I even took probiotics through the entire course of the med. Getting married in a week. Thanks a lot Cefdinir. I wanted everyone to be aware of this!!!!
I was given the medication by my family doctor for a muscle I pulled in my back. Even after 3 days I am still in pain. It has done nothing for me. 
As I lay here weighing the benefits of clawing the inside of my own vagina vs. continuing to let the medicine take effect, I wish more than anything i never inserted this devil cream inside my body in the first place. This is night one for me, and I 'm just going to tough out the YI and not use it again. EVER. I can 't do another night of this. The mild itching I had before is NOTHING compared to the itching I have now. If there were sandpaper near me, I would use it. Repeatedly. Inside and out. I can feel my heart beating in my vagina. That 's the pain I 'm feeling.
Dont know...
I 'd been on the Nor-QD pill for many years without problem.  This year my insurance changed and the pharmacy issued Sharobel in its place.  I thought it 'd be fine since it has the the exact same amount of NORETHINDRONE.  Wow, was I wrong!  Luckily I only got a three month supply because I am quitting this pill.In two and half months on this pill, I 've had a period or bleeding every 5-7 days.  It 's not just bleeding, I get the whole deal; cramps, lower back pain, hunger cravings, crankiness, and bloating.My skin has broken out, I 've been super irritable/moody, and I don 't understand how the side effects can be so extreme for me when I previously was on Nor-Qd for so long and experienced none of these things.
It stopped my cough, but I had severe diarrhea.  I figured it out after it happened to me twice.
I started this birth control 4 months ago right before I left for college in August. I read reviews and I was iffy but my OB promised me everyone 's body is different and I should try it out. The first month was okay. I was happy as ever at college. I got horrible cramps when I got my first period on it and my period was really irregular but I figured I just needed to adjust. Come late October, November, and now December have been the worst months of my life. I 'm crying every day, lost my boyfriend, planned on started therapy, don 't want to go back to school, nothing makes me happy I want to do nothing at all times. everybody 's body is different but this depression isn 't even worth risking. Do not take.
I 'm so glad I finally read reviews about this pill, and people are not lying when they say it 's the worst. I recently found out that I have vertigo, but I was dealing with what I thought were vertigo symptoms for much longer than my doctor said they would last. The symptoms of this pill and vertigo are extremely similar. I am constantly light headed. Almost everyday. Sometimes to the point where I can 't even drive. It makes me nauseous. I can 't focus at work. And if you think people who said if gives them mood swings were being dramatic, they 're not. I have anxiety attacks on a regular basis. I 've most definitely gained weight and have seen my acne get worse. DON 'T TAKE THIS PILL!
I have only been on orsythia for about 1 month and I just started my second week of my second month.  I guess I didn 't notice earlier but I started to get slight headaches and I didn 't feel very well physically and mentally.  It do help with my cramps and my period, not so much my acne but it 's better.  The worst part of orsythia has to be the mood swings and the sweating!  I sweat a lot even if it 's cold I 'll start a light sweat, it 's gross.  But the mood swings are the worst I just started feeling this and it happened while I was talking to one of my friends I just blew up on him, for no reason.  Then later on I started to feel really bad(mentally) and I cried for a while and I couldn 't figure out why I was crying! I don 't recommend!
Caused me to do things and not remember afterwards...I would be cautious while first taking this medication.
Took this for the first time today for a migraine and it made me sooo sick to my stomach. Severe nausea and crampy stomach pain. Will not take this again.
Caused anxiety and panic attacks
This birth control seemed fine at first, but 10 days into it I started feeling not like myself--bad mood swings, feeling breathless or winded even when sitting, my blood pressure would spike for no reason, and I felt extremely sluggish.  One day I even had mild heart attack symptoms.  My body definitely did not react well to this medication.
After 24 hours of taking Boniva 150 mg I started experiencing severe flu like symptoms with fever and extreme pain in my bones and joints.  
This medication gave me the worst experience of my life. It made me sleepy, yes. But at the same time, It sped up my mental discomfort, and it made my muscles jump. Similar to restless leg syndrome, but throughout my entire body. It was so bad they had to reverse it with Benadryl to alleviate the symptoms, And finally they gave me a mixture of Valium and Demerol to put me in a twilight state until it passed. If you have ANY medication allergies, even mild. I would strongly advise against this medication. 
My arm was bruised after getting the implant for about a week, my period came whenever it wanted and stayed for up to 14 days at a time. After about 6 months my period had completely gone away. I had horrible hormonal changes and mood changes, I gained almost 50 pounds very quickly after getting the implant inserted.  This birth control is UP TO 3 years, after two and a half years I got pregnant. I knew it had worn off because I lost weight and felt more like myself. After finding out I was pregnant I made an appointment to get the implant removed so I could have a normal pregnancy. But I ended up having a miscarriage from the implant before I could get it removed. A big weight was lifted off my shoulders after getting it removed
My throat is still really sore, I still feel really sick and tired, and the day after all my dose had finished I had severe burning and itching in my vagina and my sinuses still feel inflamed.
I had a bad experience each time I tried it.  I have been on Ambien for many years, but my Dr wanted to try something else. The Rozerem made me extremely anxious, and did the opposite of what I needed it for! My heart beat fast, and I had a feeling of nervousness and anxiousness. I tried it 4 times, and it was the same all 4. Maybe I 'm allergic.
10 months no change total waste of $7000
My daughter has been taking this medicine for several months for the treatment of Urticaria, and it 's had NO effect.
I went to a water parks and couple of days later I got a yeast infection just like the previous year ...so I finally decided no more damn water parks. So I noticed this one was serious, I was swollen,itching, and hurting . I cried to my husband all day. We went and go some pills I would take those 3 times a day... didn 't really help much . So he got me the cream to insert and I was soooo scared (I didn 't know why) so I slowly put the cream inside of me slowly pushing it all out of the applicator .... not even a minute went by and the itching and burning was sooooooo unbearable...I instantly got into the shower trying to wash it out. The water helped a lot and once I got out I felt a lot better. We shouldn 't have to go thru this for relief
This pill was a nightmare for me. I had random hot flashes that would last 2-3 hours and I would need to lay down immediately or go to a quiet place sit down and get some air. I also had random loss of appetite, I would be super hungry order a huge meal and then boom, hunger gone. I 'm putting my last pack on fire.
Only used this to cure my UTI so it wouldn 't spread to a kidney infection. But the side effects are absolutely horrific! I can 't deal with this much longer. I 'm supposed to take 500mg/3x a day for 7 days but I 'm cutting it short I 'll do it for 5 days because it 's day 3 and I already want to stop it. My side effects:&bull;All day long nausea &bull;Extreme constipation &bull;Abdominal cramping/pain from the gas trapped and constipation &bull;Diffuctly flactuating&bull;NO appetite whatsoever, every food sounds disgusting and hard to eat&bull;Anxiety and fear mixed with deep sadness&bull;Fatigued and weak &bull;Feeling like I 'm slowly dying but trying to make it through each day, day by day&bull;Dehabiliting - I hardly want to go out and do anything, need to sit out a lot.
This was the worst birth control I 've ever been on. I got it in July or 2015 at first I loved it. No periods or anything. Then I started getting bad migraines that won 't go away. Then my mood for all messed up along with gaining 50lbs have stretch marks everywhere on my arms stomach sides hips passed my knees everywhere. I 've had more acne than I 've ever had. I 'm always tired, I 've had insomnia but now it 's to the point I go 4 or 5 days on 2 hours at most of sleep. I 'm almost 21 and can 't fit into anything and afraid to wear shorts or anything cause of all the stretch marks. I get itchy where the rod is and it doesn 't stop.  I 've been wanting this out for awhile. Can 't wait for Monday.
I started trulicity on6-24-16 so far no side effects im used to drinking lots of water so im not bothered by the dry mouth i hope this helps me and doesnt give me more kkidney Damage ill keep u posted
Was prescribed for anxiety, and instead it threw me into the worst full blown panic attack I have ever had.!   Totally out of my mind!
I have always been a small person but now I am 23 lbs. overweight for the 2nd go around again. I thought I would try Alli instead of going to get a prescription this time. It cost me $62.00 plus. I have been using it for 3 weeks and it does absolutely nothing to help curb your appetite, if anything, I seemed to eat more. So I thought I would try taking more than the suggested, well that did nothing either. I will report that there were no side effects or illness or anything like that which I have read on some postings. Alli was a big waste of money for me and I will just have to go and get a prescription again, which does work. Alli is Not a substitute for a prescription diet pill, no matter what it states.
I suffered from severe headaches about two days after I started Yaz. The headaches continued almost every day. I was on the pill for about a year until I finally switched. I no longer have headaches.
In one sense it handled many of my symptoms, but I became a completely different person. I was no longer myself at all. I made many, many horrible decisions affecting my family friends, business, etc. I adopted a whole new set of values - i just wasn 't myself anymore. When I finally decided to go off it I spent 9 months of withdrawal symptoms, splitting capsules every day and gradually reducing the amount of grains. 
Absolutely terrible stuff. First colonoscopy experience and I will make sure I NEVER have this stuff again in my entire life. First dose took a long time to choke down, but stayed down. The second dose not so easy. I took a good 3/4 of it (over quite a long period of time) and then the taste and medication overwhelmed me and I vomited. As I 've seen here I recommend sucking on a lemon between sips and using a straw. BM 's are pretty much where they should be so I 'm thinking all should be fine for procedure in a few hours. Only rating a 2 for effectiveness - every other aspect of this was completely unbearable.
Did not help my back pain
Everytime I took Frova I ended up with rebound migraines for 2-3 days afterwards.  It simply wasn 't worth it for me and I went back to Imitrex, which doesn 't cause rebound migraines for me.
I took 50mg of Cozaar, 1 x daily for 5 days, had bad dreams, lightheaded and dizzy, and started having nosebleeds. I stopped taking it and I 'm calling doctor today.
Was prescribed this medication while in the US Virgin Islands, for UTI. Doctor prescribe me 7 days worth two pills each day. I 've been taking the prescribed dose and have not felt much better except for one full the day before yesterday. I 'm back in the States now and I 'm continuing to take the medication since you should not start taking your antibiotics unless your doctor tells you to but I am going to go to my family doctor tomorrow and figure out why I 'm now peeing blood and have small bloody deposits when I urinate.
Depression has got worse causing me to miss work. Have been on 20 different antidepressants over 7 years. Pristiq didn 't help at all for me, headaches, foggy and nausea. Also shaky at times.
All I have to say is UGH. I haven 't taken birth control in about 4 years and I decided it was smart for me to go back on it. I 've been on Apri for about 2 weeks now and I am totally not myself. I feel so sad and depressed. I have also had random crying spells. Appetite hasn 't increased at all but my skin has broken out. My skin has been super itchy all over since I 've been on it and I 've been getting stomach pains and headaches. Birth control does work different for everyone but I definitely plan on switching to a new birth control when this pack finished.
I had unprotected sex two days after my period, I took the plan b one step less than 24 hours later and low and behold it did not work. I even got the symptoms from the pill a week later. I was bleeding like a period for 4 days. And took 5 at home pregnancy tests which all very lightly came back positive. I called plan b 's number on the box and reported my experience. They took down the information and pull number on the box. Let me tell you people....please just use a condom. I just found out yesterday I was pregnant and I 'm Now a mess. Please be safe and don 't rely on your partner to be safe because I thought it was obvious he needed to pull out. (Sorry for being graphic) :(  to be honest I dont think plan b even works.
I developed eczema when I turned 70. I started dupixent with my initial dose 9 days ago. After about 3 days I thought it was working because my itching subsided about 50 %. However I am sad to say that my condition has flared up again. I will continue treatment for 1 to 2 months and reassess but so far I am deeply disappointed.
I have to weigh in about this med.  When you first start it, it is a wonder drug.  At some point, you will either need more, or you will suffer from tolerance withdrawals.  There are justifiable horror stories about this drug. Taking it for a week or two, no problem.  More than 2 weeks, it 's hard to get off it.  I have been weaning off for about 4 months.
I have always hurt taking statins and refused for over 15 yrs to take more than a few weeks, because side effects of pain, aching, memory loss. Heart doctor and family doctor pushed me into taking Repatha as my cholesterol was 553. September2016, I tried it and first 2 injections were ok, no side effects. but as soon as I took the third I have been in the most pain I have experienced in my life. Every joint, tendon, muscle, from my neck to my toes. It is now December27,2016 and the pain has just increased instead of decreased. If I lay down or sit for just a while I can hardly move when I get back up. I never had problems in my hands or knees before but feel like I could fall when walking. and hands feel numb with tingling and pain.
Worst decision ever!! Got depo shot after 6wks postpartum thinking it was the most convenient birth control method. Oh, so wrong. Got it 4-17-15, started bleeding 5-1-15, a month after I am still bleeding.  Limited sex due to period bleeding, it 's not pretty. Terrible mood swings. Increased cravings for sweets and junk food, dizziness, very tired and sleepy. Well its a horror story. I am not going back for a 2nd shot, no way. I will never get another shot of this medicine that transformed me in to a non stop bleeding witch.
I started Victoza today. At only 0.6 mg. I felt so undeniably and utterly  unwell that I cannot imagine even trying it for a second day.   In summary, severe low blood sugar symptoms,  ravenously hungry  and I was also prescribe this for weight loss as well as diabetes,  headache, no energy, and a general feeling of being very not well. In short I do not recommend this to anyone.
My Doctor gave me 2 weeks of Abilify, 2mg as a sample to take in addition to my 450mg of Wellbutrin. Made me extremely dizzy and had difficulty driving safely due to this. 
After 13 years of untreated depression, anxiety and panic attacks I decided to finally ask for help.That came in the form of 10mg Citalopram for the first week, 20mg for another month and boosted up to 30mg for the next few months. In that time I had nothing but bad side effects. Instead of feeling depressed and sad I just got grumpy and mad, I had trouble with my sex drive/performance and the insomnia was ridiculous. My partner told me I had changed since starting the medication. I have since come off all medication and living happily without.
I have only been on Jolivette for a month after my daughter was born. First of all she is 2 months old and in that entire time I have been on a period except for 3 days of very light spotting. I feel like I 'm going to bleed forever. It 's not heavy it just doesn 't stop. It also made my milk supply low which has me supplementing with formula and I have never had acne this bad in my life. My entire face is covered! I am stopping use of this pill immediately. I would rather use condoms than deal with this nonsense. I 'm having to use them anyway since you have to take the pill the same time everyday and I always forget. If I wanna get back on the pill I 'll take a normal one in 4-6 months when I 'm done breast feeding.
This medicine made me unable to BREATHE!!! I went to urgent Care to appease my boyfriend. He hounded me about taking the meds they prescribed even though I felt the intuitive urge not to... As soon as I took one, about 30 minutes later came a cough episode from hell, with my throat closing up. Thought maybe it was cold air. Took another one. Same thing. This time chest tightness and burning. I went to another urgent care where they gave me a breathing treatment and a z pack for suspected bacterial bronchitis. I came home and told my man I think it was a side effect of the meds. He said let me take one, I 've been coughing a little let 's see if it works for me. 30 minutes later he had a migraine from hell and a fever. DON 'T TAKE THIS TRASH!!!
I have a torn hip ligament due to a fall at work - I find NO relief with Voltaren either oral (75MG 2x per day) or the patch.
I started taking Humira after the Methotrexate became in-effective.  I WOULD NEVER TAKE THIS HUMIRA AGAIN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE.  It began with headaches, which got worse every time I took the Humira.  My energy level went down to nothing, and it did not help my RA at all.  NOW, this drug has given me severe Eczema on my hands, feet, underarms, crotch and in my ear canals.  I have never been so miserable in my entire life.  They can 't help the eczema at all.  I have gone off Humira for over 2 months, I 'm flaring, and I still have the eczema.  They tell me I might have it for life.  DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG.  I 'd rather have RA pain, then all these debilitating side effects.  Funny, they never said a word about any of this.
I think the use of putting perfume in the gel is really stupid. There are so many people allergic also someone like me with cancer and very sore and nauseated to spend money on this and it made me so sick I washed up 4 times and my hands and skin still smells strong. It gave me a headache and made my nausea worse. There is no need for perfume not to mention it 's just an toxic unnecessary ingredient. I will never use this again and I will be sure to let everyone at clinic know.
I was on Fetzima for a couple of months but my depression was still really bad. The doctor kept increasing my dose with no signs of improvement. Eventually, my blood pressure and pulse was so high that I had to come off.
I started taking this after I had a child at age 17, and first, the side effects were minimum for me but I got a lot of weird bumps all over my hands that looked like warts, and the doctor said that I either had to wait them out or stop the pill. After 3 months they finally went away.  I took this for about a year. My husband and I have tried for the last 20 months to get pregnant, and it turns out now I 'm all of a sudden infertile. I 've already had one baby, so this was linked to Necon 1/35.
Do not get the shot. I got the shot a while ago at first everything was alright but then I got my period which I 've had forever now it will not go away. I get the worst headaches that I 've ever had before and they last all day and I get them everyday. I feel sick. And I also have started to feel super moody and sad out of no where. My body gets achey and I am starting to gain weight definitely will not be getting the shot again it 's not worth it.
The suggestion to chill the Suprep in fridge, chill your water, soda and or gatorade is great advice.  Yes use a straw.I put a Lifesavor Peppermint in my mouth to prepare for the Suprep 's nasty taste, then I added cold water and ginger ale to the fill line in the cup provided.Using a straw, holding my nose, I quickly drank the Supra with the peppermint Lifesaver between my gums and cheek so in between each sip I was able to get the nasty taste out of my mouth with the mint.Having a lifesaver peppermint REALLY helps with the aftertaste!It 's my 3rd colonoscopy and this time I was actually able to get through it without gagging on the stuff.Yes it is like metallic grape drink!
For me this medication did absolutely nothing.. went back to my usual 2 daily Imodium after one miserable week of &quot;going&quot; almost nonstop.BUT even though is was useless for me I say try it out, we are all different. Best wishes to us all.
I had to stop taken the medicine due to getting yellowing of the skin, fevers, nightmares, severe headaches, dizziness, hot flashes, restlessness, nausea, etc. The medicine was fine until about 3 days into it then I began to feel worse and it was even hard for me to breathe. I may be one of the select few who reacted this way and I followed everything that I was told to do exactly.
I got skyla inserted 6 months ago and it 's been a nightmare since then. I 'm 25 with no kids. My friend got Mirena when she was 21 and said it was amazing so I figured I 'd try it. Insertion was pretty painful and i had cramps for a week. I went back and got an ultrasound to check the placement and was informed I had a irritated cyst and that it would go away..here I am 6 months later every 2 weeks I get insane cramping and a week long period. Before Skyla 3-4 day long periods and no cramps. I told myself if after 6 months im still in pain I 'm getting it out. Obviously my body is not going to adjust and it 's not worth the pain! I 've also gained 20lbs in the first 4 months and noticed more zits, anxiety, and my hormones are crazy.
I was put on half a mg for a week, then titrated to 1 mg. Everything was cool until about the 3rd or 4th wk I started feeling overhwelmed and ridiculously tired to where I couldn 't keep my eyes open. Then it progrogressed to full blown anxiety in my POV. I never thought it could be rexulti until I finally saw my doc who took me off straight away after seeing how anxious I was. I can hardly deal with my son or life. He sadly has to calm himself as noise and lots of energy around me exascerbate my anxiety. I 've been completely off for a day but I 'm wondering how long it will be before I 'm not anxious. I hope not the 2-4 weeks my doc said. I can 't keep living with all this anxiety and tiredness and wanting to cry all the time.
I 'm 34 and was prescribed this pill for irregular periods. I 've only been on it for a week and I 'd rather deal with bleeding for a month straight than the side effects that I 'm already experiencing:*extremely bloated*had a couple of painful pimples pop up on my face and my chest*have sore and swollen breasts*increased appetite with 3 lbs. gained weight*and the worst of all, have zero sex drive and am a psycho bitch to my husband who does not deserve to be treated like thatI 'm throwing the rest of them straight in the garbage.
I followed the instructions correctly. It kind of worked at first but then it stopped, I was back to zero only with a overbloated belly and an unsettling feeling all day. Do not use
Background: Essential Tremor with Social Anxiety and IBS. I 'm naturally VERY happy.From 6mo Escitalopram 10mg to 1mo Viibryd 10mg.Upped to 20mg Viibryd but two hours in, had panic attack tremors. Went back to 10mg for a 1mo more, until VERY HEAVY depression episodes at around 6 PM till 10 PM (took the pill at 8 AM) appeared. Also it gave me very bad diarrhea after eating most foods.Can 't cold-turkey it (which I could with Escitalopram), would panic/shake/depression.Had to take the abuse till I switched back Escitalopram 10mg - which thankfully calmed me down from Viibryd withdrawal!I don 't feel this is the right drug for happy people with anxiety. It does more unnecessary anti-depressant changes than it does anxiety improvements.
I only took it for a week but it caused horrible headaches that were borderline migraines. They would start about 30-45 minutes after taking the pill and would not go away until I went to sleep. I was naseous and dizzy constantly and I would be very warm and hot. It was also causing heart burn which is something that I 've never had before taking this pill. I also had zero interest in sex.
This worked great for my husband until he gave me his cold. I used this medicine and was somewhat relieved but had extremely uncomfortable gas and diarrhea. I thought I had a worse strain of virus and took the medicine again the next day. Within 45 min my stomach problems that had quit the night before returned with a vengeance. Dextromethorphan was the only ingredient I haven 't used before without this reaction. Unless it 's a new red dye allergy, I 'm never taking anything with this ingredient again.
second day of being sick I was diagnosed (rapid test) with strep and put on this medication. After 5 days with worsening symptoms I started coughing up blood and was diagnosed with pneumonia. was taken off this and put on levofloxacin. 2 days later no more lung bleeding and the pneumonia is almost gone. would not recommend as it did nothing and allowed something I caught early to worsen as if I caught it too late.
I have been on paliperidone for about a year now. The side effects I have is I get alot of nightmares and bad dreams which I never had before. I do alot of rocking backwards and forwards every time I sit down which is really upsetting and annoying. I have alot of restlessness. I find it difficult to settle and do things. In terms of sleep, this medication is good. I have energy at least. I have tried other medications and had side effects as well. I am having this medication reduced and eventually will be off having antipsychotic drugs. I am sick of the side effects. Clozapine made me sick all the time and sleepy. Another medication I was on I had blurred vision. Sick of the side effects. I 'd rather take the risk with having a relapse .
WEIGHT LOSS GREAT but hair loss is not worth it
I I could not take it stomach problems and barfing  I am very allergist to sulfa penicillin bioxen do not know if that had something to do with it
I had tried Zoloft in the past, went off because I was feeling better. Many years later, needed something again. Went back on Zoloft - it did nothing. Tried it in combo with Wellbutrin - nothing. Tried just the wellbutrin - nothing... except a 25 pound weight gain. Everyone says you lose weight on Wellbutrin... uh.. not so much! I gained 25 lbs in spite of barely eating and taking up running...AND.. it made me sweat ALL THE TIME. It did nothing for my mood, but the side effects were completely depressing. P.S. the weight did NOT come off after I quit taking it. My guess is it damaged my already slow metabolism.
Etodolac did a great job on my knee pain.  Unfortunately possibly due to my Crohn 's disease also caused extreme diarrhea and gas.  I had to discontinue use.
Horrible drug. Paxil is garbage. I 've been on the majority of these psych drugs. Pure poison. Now that the horrible withdrawal effects are lessening--I 'm getting much better. While on and coming off them, it was pure hell.That 's my experience.
They gave me Stadol when I was in labor with my son. It made me hallucinate badly. 
I got this shot about 2 and a half months ago. I have not stopped bleeding/ spotting from the first day i got it, not even for a day. Im a surgeon 's first nurse, so im on my feet all day, and every now and again i get cramps along with it. My Dr did tell me that the irregularities would be stopping after another dose or 2, which mean i would have to wait about 3- 6 months to some see dry panties. NO.
I took citalapram for nine weeks unsuccessfully and mirtazapine for 8months, too many side effects, numb emotional feelings and made anxiety worse , feeling aggressive, aching joints,big changes in weight and bodily functions , not easy to withdraw from either, worsening thoughts, (don 't think relapse, think it 's the drug) or you 'll end up back on it. My opinion is never again, beware!
The Actavis generic version of this medication was worse than useless, as all of the ADHD hyperactive subtype symptoms my son was experiencing returned within a week of switching to this from the Intuniv ER brand (daily 2mg dose), along with new and potentially dangerous side-effects.  His symptoms had been well-controlled for years prior to the insurance company insisting that we try a generic before they would continue to cover the cost of the brand.
If you can imagine restlessness and extreme sleepiness at the same time, horrible. Walking around in my apartment shaking my arms and legs while being so sleepy and tired was miserable but I have since read that if you are taking medication for seratonin uptake inhibitors that it could cause that so I think it was a side effect. Still ......miserable , so make sure what you are taking with it and discuss with your doctor concerns about drug interactions.
I have been on this medicine for two weeks now. I have read a bunch of those comments and they all helped me. Thanks. I put them all together and here is mine. Honestly, IT 'S NOT WORKING!  I take with food, I have nausea, I get tired, (the first day, I was so sleepy), dizzy, afternoon hunger, still crave for carbs in the middle of the day, headaches, stomach pain, and now that I take one at night too,  I understand,  after reading some comments, why I have being having weird dreams. I have an appointment with my doctor coming March because she told me CONTRAVE can increase my blood pressure and she wants to monitor very close.  I also feel bad about the price, Not worth!
During the ten days on Provera I was emotional, my boobs hurt severely, my face broke out like crazy, and I had horrible fatigue. Two days after the 10 days of taking Provera, I have the worst period I have ever had in my entire life. Having to change my pad/ tampon every single hour was disgusting, I couldn 't even enjoy a shower because even afterward I still bled non stop. Each day that passes, the heavier my period gets. Today is my 6th day, and 4,5,&amp;6 where heavy as hell, but 5&amp;6 had excruciating cramps. And too many blood clots! :( I do not recommend this pill at all.
I just wanted to say as someone who suffered immensely because of this drug, the reviews here regarding other people 's experiences has been a great comfort to me as I now know I am not alone nor am I crazy for having felt it. The sheer, true panic this drug caused me is completely indescribable. Before taking Reglan I had no problem with doctors, hospitals, or even needles. I went to the hospital a couple months ago for a very severe migraine and they gave me Reglan for nausea. Within moments of having taken it, I experienced the most insane panic attack of my life. I don 't even know if you can describe it as simply a &quot;panic attack&quot; because it was so much more and so much worse than that. I nearly ripped the IV out of my arm.
I had been on Lexapro for over a year and it was working great with the exception of having zero libido. With my relationship at stake I decided to try Pristiq. After about a week I realized that I was back to my old irritable, pre-medicated self. I have been crying at the drop of a hat, snapping on loved ones, and I have been nauseous almost everyday. Not to mention I went from 125 pounds to 137 pounds in a month. I talked to my doctor today and she suggested trying Viibryd.
I 'm going into my 3rd day and I feel at least the same if not worse.  I am burning up and my cough is deeper...I 've coughed up a little blood.  I wonder if I was misdiagnosed. I don 't know whether to wait it out or go to the ER...I feel horrible.
Taking this pill was an awful experience. Everything was going fine until right around the time that I started the second month of it- and since then, I have had nasty breakthrough bleeding ever since then! (Not to mention the breast soreness, leg cramps, and depression). I 'm finishing the pill this week and it hasn 't gotten any better or worse. So basically I 've had my period for 8 weeks straight. 
I was hopeful after reading all the reviews, but I was on 50mg for 2 days and could not bring myself to take it the third day. I was incapable of looking after my two young children, I was out of it and didn 't even feel I could get in the car and drive, the simple task of cooking dinner seemed like a nightmare to me. Would have been interesting to see how long this lasted and see the wonderful effects I am reading about. Maybe when my husband is on holidays I might try again but being Christmas in 3 days, working and looking after kids I need to be clear headed. On the plus side I couldn 't hardly eat and lost 2kgs.
I was prescribed to take this twice a day for 7 days for bacterial vaginosis. I will never allow a doctor to prescribe me this ever again!! The taste comes from nightmares for starters, and good LORD the side effects are NOT worth it!! Constant nausea, dizziness, everything tastes like fecal matter, fevers, restlessness, overall weak and uncomfortable. This cannot be good for you. I didn 't even have any side effects with the BV itself, It 's this medication that has been making me feel like death!
This medicine at 5mg a day every day for a month was terrible. It made me have panic attacks and made me super paranoid, i was paranoid before but it made it even worse, would not recommend
I started taking Wellbutrin about 3 weeks ago for depression.  I had been on Zoloft for the past 6 years and needed a change.  After the switch, I was more irritable.  Three days ago, I developed hives and swollen lips.  After my 2nd ER visit, I am back on Zoloft.
Sitting here shaking in my boots this stuff is weak 1mg 3 times a day
I was on Zoloft for Depression, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and Panic Disorder. Initially, Zoloft helped me a lot and I didn 't have any kind of panic attacks, a constant sense of mild anxiety, or depression all that bad. However, after about a year of being on it it started to make me feel like a complete zombie. I had zero motivation for anything which reflected in my grades and I 'm normally an obsessive overachiever in school.. I just kind of let myself go. I wasn 't depressed but I wasn 't happy, it just put me in this fog-like feeling. The withdraw for me felt like I might as well have been coming off heroin. I couldn 't eat or sleep, I had cold sweats, nausea/vomiting, and I had anxiety like never before. It was truly a nightmare.
I have been having gout attacks for about 3 years now. My Dr prescribed allopurinol daily to help keep my uric acid levels down. I was prescribed Colcrys as an anti-inflammatory and I have to say it does absolutely nothing for the pain. My wife who has never had a gout flair in her entire life believes Colcrys is a miracle drug. So I take it just to humble her. I wouldn 't suggest this medication to anyone. I wish I could give it negative stars as a review.
I 've had the Nexplanon since July 2013. This birth control has been the worst experience. My hormones became crazy, I gained more that 50 pounds, and I get annoyed easily. I have been trying to take the implant off and sadly the new doctor can 't feel it. I was sent to 4 different places for exams and nothing still can 't pin point where the implant is not even because I have the scar it left when inserted. Here I sit today with a second scar to be since I was cut open today and the implant was no where to be seen. The expiration day is coming in fast.The doctor said he can 't do anything until I loose the weight I gained when I got on it, for me that is impossible since nothing helps me loose weight from crazy hormones I have. Idk what to do?
This was the best birth control I ever used because my almost constant bleeding guaranteed my husband and I would very rarely be intimate. The only extended time I didn 't bleed is when they put me on the pill as well. I would bleed about 20-25 days a month. I thought it would get better after 6 months, I ended keeping it for a year, which I regret. 7 months later my bleeding is constant. I bleed everyday, no exaggeration. Sometimes light, sometimes heavier, but everyday. I 've only been married 2 years and I thought I was doing the right thing getting the implant but it ended up taking a huge toll on us. I have seen doctors repeatedly but they say I just have to wait for my hormones to even back out. I 've had it out for 7 months!!
Started it last week only took it for 2 days made me very ill stopped it after 2nd dose still poorly 10 days later glad to hear some people are having real benefit from it
Previously I had been on birth control pills, and was looking to try something that had multiple years of coverage. While I did like that it was a long term contraception option, the side effects were unbearable, and I ended up having it removed after only one year. The main side effect that was bothersome was the daily spotting. The spotting ranged from a heavy period flow to a smaller lighter flow. However, it was EVERY SINGLE DAY. I ended up having to wear a tampon or pad just to save my underwear. My OBGYN recommended multiple options to stop the spotting, however nothing helped. Other side effects included a weight gain of 10 pounds and unexpected mood swings. I immediately felt 100% better after having it removed.
I would rather deal with 1-3 days per month of cramps than living every single day of my life with acne, female baldness (was getting there anyway), nausea/vomiting, migraine headaches, skin peeling, no sex drive/inability to orgasm, irritability/crying/depression/anxiety, insomnia, panic attacks, shaking, high blood pressure. Omg - stay away from this stuff if you can! 
I have chronic Sinisitis, for 20 years now, typically getting 2-3 sinus infections per year that reduce me to rubble for at least 10 days. I should know better at this point than to try yet another antibiotic, but nothing works anymore except Levaquin, and if I build up a resistance to that, I 'm in big trouble if I ever get pneumonia. So here I am, up the third night in a row after starting the clarithromycin. I have been nauseous, gassy and utterly uncomfortable--I 'm not taking another dose, calling my doctor and sticking to natural remedies. If that doesn 't work, then looks like I 'll be paying out of pocket for surgery since my sinus scan came back normal.
This is the second time I 've had the implant within a two year time period. The first time, after a few months, I had a really bad itch that would never go away. It has gotten so bad to the point that I would bleed and leave myself in pain every night. I tried just about everything to get rid of the itch but the only effective thing was removing the implant. I just recently got it implanted again in January and the exact same thing is happening. Wasn 't quite sure at first but now I 'm more than positive that its a bad side effect of the implant. Total discomfort and wouldn 't recommend to anyone.
I only took this medication for a few days, my heart started hurting...I ended up in emergency room my blood pressure had sky rocket and my heart rate was throught the roof. Laying down my heart rate is steady but the moment I stand it jumps to over 150bpm...this never happened until I took this medication. I have been on bed rest for over a week now and so far it doesn 't seem to be getting any better.
I try today one levitra 20mg and it had no effect , i am 27 can u inform me what is the problem? I was with full food maybe it is this problem or maybe I need to use another kind of pill
All it did was make me feel like a zombie. I personally don 't recommend this drug, as it only makes you get nauseous and very tired, and causes insomnia.
Horrible! I read all the reviews before getting it as well the summer of 2014 and decided to follow through with it anyways. I have bled for almost an entire year straight with maybe a two week break the entire time. This made me become anemic, tired, and irritable. Mood swings were off the charts, I even noticed how ridiculous I acted at times over nothing. Sex drive was completely gone, which had never been a problem in the past year Weight gain was absolutely insane. My diet or lifestyle didn 't change and I gained a ridiculous amount of weight. My opinion? Don 't waste you 're time or money on it. Get the pill even though it 's harder to keep a schedule.
I have been given Dilaudid through an IV on several occasions and on all those occasions I 'd rather just dealt with the pain. Today the hospital gave me Dilaudid, and some nausea medication... On ever occasion that I have been given Dilaudid through IV instantly my head gets too heavy, I begin to get dizzy and lighthead. I always get VERY NAUSEOUS and confused, so I usually sleep it off  because I hate the feeling it gives me. This time was different I fell asleep about 40 minutes after getting the medication and every couple minutes I kept waking up. All of a sudden I became very hot and clamy while feeling very cold.  
My Don started taking Focalin and started to complain that he could not see the board at school. At first I figured well maybe he is just a kid who needs glasses. His prescription was very low. Now a year and a half later his principal from his school called me because he failed the state eye test with his glasses on he has a 20/50 vision. So I took him back to the doctor and they could not correct his vision with the strongest prescription. Everything is blurry and out of focus, he lost all peripheral vision on both eyes. The doctors first question was &quot;What medication is he on?&quot; So I advised him Focalin 10mg. He advised me to immediately go to the doctor who prescribed it because it is a severe side effect of Focalin. Grrrr
Metformin is for  'PCOS type 1 ', insulin resistant, becoming insulin resistant, prediabetic or diabetic. If you 're like me &amp; have no diabetes/non-insulin resistance, you 're  'PCOS type 2 '. This great drug is NOT for us! My ex PCP &amp; ex Endo both pushed this on me. I took it for almost two years. Over a 2yr span I developed every symptom of hypothyroidism, goitre &amp; my PCOS went crazy! I lost 60% of my hair, choking in my sleep from the goitre &amp; zero energy. I gained 80lbs &amp; my Doctors couldn 't figure out why. Got a new Endo, stopped Metformin! I 'm dropping weight &amp; Goitre/hypo GONE! Full Thyroid panel was always perfect btw. Google &quot;5 types of PCOS&quot;!
Did absolutely nothing to help with the burning or pain. Just made me queasy and turned my pee highlighter orange. Total waste of $5.
This medication is terrible. My insurance switched me to the generic last year. I took the medication for several months, and was miserable the entire time. I was noticeably irritable and extremely anxious. I stopped taking the medication and switched back to ortho tri cyclen lo and the problems went away. I am currently waiting to receive information on my new insurance, and ran out of ortho. I had an extra pack of tri lo sprintec and decided to give it another try. I regret this, because just a few days into the medication, I am once again anxious, grumpy, and miserable. Maybe it will work for you, but it definitely doesn 't work for me.
I had NO pain control on this medication, but from reading the other posts, I was not given a chance at it. My MD tried one small dose and NOTHING for breakthrough pain. It seems that if he 'd adjusted it and given me something for break through pain maybe I would have had a good outcome, too. Sadly, I have no health insurance now and it 's too expensive, so maybe he did me a favor. It would 've been brutal to finally have a medicine work and it be too expensive to buy.
Multiple statins over years caused severe muscle aches in lower body, fatigue, stomach pain and scary loss of memory and focus.  Took months but dramatic improvement after stoppage. Have talked to many people with identical experiences. Been on ezitimibe two months. Experiencing pain and swelling in left hand, wrist and forearm, body fatigue, sudden short bouts of liquid diarrhea, waking up during night sleep absolutely drenched and awash in perspiration, loss of muscular strength and increasing loss of mental focus. Talked today to a friend having comparable symptoms. Stopping this drug immediately.
After about a week of headaches and migraines with no relief despite taking every treatment I had available, I went to the ER. The doctor mentioned Reglan as a treatment option and I accepted. I got Reglan in an IV, and a few minutes later I just started to feel very anxious. Everything just felt very urgent and I felt very restless. My face also started to feel hot. I also was alone during this visit, which I 'm sure didn 't help. I also suffer from anxiety, so it just increased my usual symptoms. My migraine relief was only so-so; it came back the next day. Reglan might be a good option for you if your migraine is really bad, but be careful because it can make you really anxious.
So my doctor prescribed this medicine for me yesterday, so far I 've taken 5 pills since then (3 doses a day). She prescribed it to me to regulate my period and stop my blood flow as I 've had 3 periods since Janurary 30th. Now, here I am, assuming that this would actually work as it was recommended by my gyno. Completely wrong. Ever since I 've taken it I 've had non-stop cramps and been very uncomfortable, my period is still yet to stop, and I still have all the typical emotions that come along with periods. I hardly ever even get cramps and when I do, they hardly hurt. So it 's definitely the medicine causing these pains. Also, this medicine is basically just a higher form of ibuprofen. Wouldn 't recommend to anyone with period problems
The first couple of weeks, it seemed to help, but then I developed a bad case of thrush, even though I rinsed and gargled after each use.  I did not swallow it. I have had the 5 pills to suck on every day for 14 days and now the Nystatin to swish, gargle and swallow. I am much better now, but I took myself off the Symbicort. I am also on a lot of other medicines but the one I absolutely need is phenytoin, due to a brain aneurysm. My mother had esophaguel candida and was on Diflucan all the time, and I have had my share of yeast infections also.
Made me sick on my stomach, very dizzy and felt it made my kidneys hurt !
I 've been on this pill since January (it is now July) and sadly I 've developed cystic acne from it and now I 'm on accutane. If I would 've realized sooner that it was the culprit, I would 've stopped immediately. I took this pill in the first place for my acne only. I was someone who had moderate acne and this cystic acne has made me so depressed. If you notice changes in your skin 4/5 months in that aren 't good, I would say to change your pill. My problem is that I read reviews saying it would get better and it just gradually got worse. I also read reviews that said your skin would get used to it before it got better and that wasn 't true for me at all. Save yourself before it gets worse definitely. Wish I could put pictures of my acne here :(
I have been taking 50 mg of Metoprolol Succ for 5 years and my blood pressure recently became very variable.  At times it was very well controlled but then it would spike.My cardiologist added 25 mg hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg daily.  I 'd taken  it years ago and it caused my sodium to go quite low-122.  The doctor that prescribed stopped This doctor convinced me to try it again and she would check my sodium and potassium.  I took it for three days and developed several side effects including dizziness, vision changes, mild chest pain, severe constipation and both upper and lower abdominal pains.  Doctor said  stop it. i checked my diary and sure enough I 'd been having severe constipation and abdominal pain last time I took it.
My doctor put me on Sulfamethoxazole in hopes of clearing up a mild but reoccurring skin infection under my arms. I was instructed to take 2 pills per day for 2 weeks.  My first, second and third day I felt okay, but the fourth - ninth day (today) I have felt very tired, shaky and dizzy.  When I turn my head a certain way, or lay down, I feel as if I spun in a circle ten times, then stopped. I called today, and spoke with a nurse who assured me that I would have had the side effects the first or second day. Well, I know my body and I don 't feel right. So today will be my last day on this.
I took minocycline for about a month for acne and I started to get dry eyes after 1 month I went to the eye doctor and they said my tears weren 't as good as they should be, I strongly believe that the minocycline caused my dry eyes. They get tired during the day. I have read that certain acne medications cause dry eyes. It 's horrible I have the dry eyes every day. Don 't take this drug at all.
Been using it for over a month now, still the same amount of spots if not even more, has not worked for me, time to visit the GP again
Have been on depo for probably around 2 years since I was 21. I chose the injection for convience and to help with my periods as they are heavy and extremely painful often making me vomit from excessive pain. First year of being on depo was ok would still always spot and would always get a period before my 3months was up. I swapped backw to the pill for two months then went back to the depo because I was forgetting to take my pill and did want to risk pregnancy. Going back onto the injection was the worst decision I could have made. I have been back on it for at least 12 months and I bleed after 2months for about 2weeks and currently I have been bleeding for over 1 1/2 months. Never getting this shot again!!!
After reading all the reviews I was kind of skeptical about taking contrave but decided to try them anyways hoping for a positive experience. I started them on Monday August 21 and felt fine the whole morning then about 1pm that day it went nothing but downhill. I had nausea,vomiting, headaches, flulike symptoms, light headed and ears ringing. I could not do anything but lay in bed I felt so bad. This is day 3 and I still have the headache and not feeling 100%. Some of the reviews  said to try and stick it out at least a week but after the reaction I  had these pills are going in the trash, I just hate the fact that my insurance didn 't cover so I am out of $99!!
This is horrible. Never in my life I felt like this ever. I think I am going to die. mMy goodness!!!!
I was prescribed Nitrofurantoin 100mg for treatment of a urinary tract infection, 4 times daily with food. I started taking them and after the second tablet I felt so nauseous that I couldn 't move. I continued taking the tablets even though I was aware they were causing the nausea, however the nausea became so bad I ended up vomiting and been taken to A&amp;E.
This ended up being the end of my relationship with my GI. He wouldn 't accept that it was making me very ill. He told me to just keep taking it. This was 6 months in. I decided to quit it and him at the same time. My GI was a narcissist, anyways..
I have recently been put on Tramadol for chronic migraines, in conjunction with a daily preventive medicine. I did not experience any euphoria, nor do I have any problems when I don 't take it.  The problem is, I don 't receive any pain relief from my migraines when I do take it.  I 've tried so many different medicines and was hoping this might be the answer. I was wrong.
Took for lower back pain. Definitely made me drowsy, dry mouth and throat. It did not relax me. I found myself tightening the muscles all over my body to compensate for feeling so tired and weak to be able to move, stand and walk with the pain. Did nothing for the pain and was so drowsy I had difficulty focusing through it to function. I did lay down to try to relax and breath through and ended up passing out for over 4 hours. I guess it was good to get some rest but not having a choice about it...very uncomfortable with that idea.
Don 't start this drug for sleep or anxiety!! It 's the most addicting drug on the face of this earth. It 's more addicting than heroin. I was given this drug and OMG it made everything so much better. Sleep, no anxiety then WHAM it quit working. I had to up the dose from .5 mg to 2 mg then when 2 mg was no longer working my psyche Rx me seraquel bc I couldn 't sleep. BIG mistake now I 'm dependent on yet another drug that quit working last year ( after 10 years) now I 'm on disability for IBS, IC and pelvic floor dysfunction bc I took these drugs. Oh did I add I had to be put on another drug to help sleep so I 'm polydrugged. What I 'd do to have my life back. Don 't ruin your life. Klonopin is poison! 
Just plain awful tasting, and after all the pain and suffering, it did not clean me out well enough and so the doctor said I have to have the colonoscopy redone in six months!
I tried this medicine for 2 months, I lost 9 lbs. It was hard falling asleep at night, most nights I couldn 't fall asleep until 4 or 5 am. It also made me feel depressed.
I 've had it since my 2 week exam afterI  had my baby on May 24,2017. A week after insertion I started heavy bleeding. Two weeks later I 'm still bleeding!!! I call my Dr. and nurse tells me I should have done research!! I 'm so upset with myself. She told me I could bleed for up to SIX months STRAIGHT! I wish Dr. would have said this to me! I want it out. My husband  and I are ready to mess around too and we aren 't the type to do anything if I 'm bleeding so yea, its gonna be a problem if I 'm like this for so long. I DO NOT recommend it. 
Took Cipro for a sinus infection.  Six days in I couldn 't rotate my forearms. 3 years later, numerous doctors, two surgeries and my arms are practically useless.  FDA black box warning on it people. Google the drug. Do not ever take, fluoroquinolones are poison. They were originally developed to give to soldiers exposed to Anthrax.  And try to never take generic.  US Supreme Court says if you do you are not allowed to sue the original drug manufacturer OR the generic company you used. This drug ruined my life.
On Ampyra for over a year with no real benefit.
wow the side effects! I have never experienced acne like this before....I seriously break out all the time and I 'm 31 years old I wanted the 5 year plan but I 'm breaking out like I remember 7th grade
Given Prevpac for H. Pylori. Within 48 hrs of ending the full course of medication I experienced an anaphylactic reaction. Large, round, flat hives formed on the soft of my arms and inner thighs. My hands began to swell, and then I felt my face begin to swell. The swelling moved from left to right across my face, and it eventually began to close my throat and enlarge my tongue. My husband drove me to an urgent care center where I received a shot of Kenalog and a Medrol dose pack. I always list Prevpac as a medicine of which I am allergic.
My doctor switched me from Asacol (which was working very well) to Lialda and the results were horrible.  When I started having bad flare ups my gastroenterologist had no clue what do do.  She put me on Remicade over 16 months with no results and I was miserable.  When I suggested that perhaps it was the Lialda that was causing the problems she stated that that was &quot;not likely&quot;.  Well, after about two years of misery and being back on steroids, I switched doctors - a guy who came highly recommended. After a heart to heart consultation with him, he stated he had some patients who did not do well with Lialda and decided to take me off that medication immediately. Within three weeks I was off steroids, back to using Asacol and life is now okay.
Personally, thus drug gives me a fixed drug eruption in the form of a huge, round rash on one of my breasts that is intensively itchy and burns. It feels like a horrible sunburn. Therefore, I am clearly not a fan.
This is a terrible pill and I wouldn 't recommend anybody to start this med unless you are ready for the bad side effects of coming off of this med when it doesn 't work . This med cause me to lose about 3 years of memory lose and almost my marriage.
Severe leg pain , cramping in legs and feet, bruising.  Not a good med for me.
2nd time in 14 month my daughter has lice. Used rid. Day 2 small live lice appeared. Possibly hatched overnight. Called pediatrician and day 2 got a script for Sklice. With coupon &amp; insurance, paid $10. I was so hopeful this was the answer to our prayers. My daughter has very long hair &amp; takes hours to nit pick. I even use a magnifier lamp light to check her head which I highly recommend! Sklice is supposed to kill nits. My older daughter has a microscope &amp;did a little science experiment:out of about 15 nits, 6 were still alive. I have checked her hair daily for 7 days since using Sklice and vacuumed &amp; laundered everything (more than once) &amp; day 7 found a live louse on her head! Retreated with rid and cleaned again! Disappointed w/sklice.
This is the meanest diabolical cream. Not sure what sick experiment this is. Do not believe good review, probably someone from drug company. I had instant cramping, burnt the inside of me and the outside. Did not work!! Report to health Canada, the company itself or FDA. Needs to go!!!
After 3 days of taking this medication I was suffering from constant gastrointestinal issues, which is something I have never experienced on antibiotics before even with probiotics. On day 4 I began with severe itching, burning, and hives and returned to the doctor. This antibiotic also seemed to have little affect on my original illness. I am now on a Z pack and feel much better. Now I have to be on a long course of Prednisone for my allergic reaction which has yet to subside. This by far has been the worst antibiotic I have ever taken in my life. Never ever again!
26 years old with previously regular periods, lasting 5 days. Cramped, but normal. I dealt with cystic acne during my cycle.  I had sklyainserted  April 2015, so 6 month now. It was extremely painful. The cramps/pain/bleeding did not stop. It would come on suddenly/severely that it totally had me hit the floor in agony. MRI showed a cyst burst; I never had cysts prior to this. I continued to have horrible cramping/spotting throughout the months and especially during my period. Cystic acne increased to a level I have never experienced before. 6 months later, still horrible acne, period last @2 wks,with bad cramping, 2 weeks in between, and then the period begins again.It is coming out! I waiting the 6 months, but this is not acceptable.
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS DRUG! I like many of you really from what I have read had a great experience AT FIRST. I am 26 years old and do sales for a living. I was on cloud nine towards the beginning trail of this prescription. I was able to concentrate more than I had in months and was more motivated to go out and look for new leads for my company. I found that I would get dizzy or a tab nauseous but I found that staying hydrated and always having a water bottle with me helped out. I developed a problem where I would know what I wanted to say but when I went to speak it didn 't come out right and literally made me sound like I was high or drunk. VERY SCARY!
Its been 5 months since I got the implant and I have already gained more than 15 pounds. The first 2 months was constantly having headache which I never had before and soreness in my breast. I have mood swings. Sometimes I snap for no reason. Definitely easily irritated. My sex libido also decreased. The only good thing about this birth control is that you don 't get your period anymore. A little spotting but not bleeding. I 'm taking it out for sure.
I was on microgestin 1.5 for almost a year but hated the way it made me feel bloated and uncomfortable all the time. I take birth control to help with my horrible cramps that leave me bed ridden if not controlled. My Dr. Switched me to triNessna and at first it was great. No side effects...no bloating...slight change in my sex drive. But it didn 't help with the cramps...as a matter of fact I would cramp longer during my period on it than I would without it. I thought since I had just stared it I would give it some time. I 've been on it for 6 months now and I have been bleeding/spotting on and off throughout the day for 4 days now and I 'm in the middle of the pack. I 'm making him switch to something else.
While effective in decreasing my depression, I developed almost every side effect listed, (including anxiety, muscle soreness, unbearable joint pain, excessive sweating, severe memory loss, GERD, dysuria, brain shivers, hypothyroidism, loss of menstruation) and found myself on medications to treat each of them, ultimately using 19 prescription medications to deal with the side effects.  If I could have anticipated the side effects, and the expected difficulty of weaning off this, I would have continued to search for a better alternative.  
Omg! I am going crazy... Im glad to see im not the only one... I put the cream in around 10pm and almost immediately it started itching... Its now 12am and it has not let up at all.. I wish I could scratch my insides it itches so bad.. I got the 3 day but there is no way I am going to put myself through another night of this... I 'm thinking a nice hose down of my insides might make me feel better... Wish me luck
Do not use this drug or any bisphosphonate. The first year I used it  3 of my fingernails had lifted off their nail bed. The 2nd year I got osteonecrosis of my left lower jaw. I loss 3 teeth, cannot have implants due to poor bone quality. The 3rd year my doctor had decided not to give it to me. I still suffered side effects of this drug. I was standing in one place ironing a shirt when I heard a pop in my leg and could feel my femur moving over.  That was 2 years ago and my femur is still fractured.  I just had my 4th surgery and hoping this heals my fracture.
I took my first Clarinex 5mg 3 hours ago. I 'm nauseous, lightheaded, shaky and tired. I 'm calling my Doctor to tell him I can 't take it. I can 't wait for it to be out of my system.
Pain in joints,,nausea,abd. Pain
This is my second time around for taking this medicine. The first occasion (about 14 years ago) after taking it for 3 weeks, I completely lost my sense of taste &amp; lost half a stone in weight - it took three weeks after stopping the medication for my taste buds to work again.  Believe me there is no pleasure in eating when you cannot taste anything!!When I was told I needed anti fungul treatment again recently I asked my gp to check the name of the drug I was given before, they couldn 't find a record of it!! So I have been on this for three weeks &amp; guess what, I have lost my sense of taste again, I also have a most awful taste in my mouth that I cannot get rid of  - I have stopped taking them and will have to use an alternative treatment.
It caused me worsening depression, facial acne and messed up my comprehension! I could barely come up with words to say. Be aware that depression is an adverse side effect and should be stopped immediately as it only gets worse. I am 21 years old and experienced induced mania because of SSRI 's. I was prescribed Lamictal 25mg after a psychotic attack. I took it for only 10 days because the depression got significantly worse day by day, especially when I upped the dose, to the point where I didn 't even know who I was . Plus it made me numb and nothing was exciting.
Bone pain, faster pulse rate, hot flashes. Don 't know if I can continue taking this for 5 years.
It was horrible!! I took the 2 for the first day and one onward for four days. It was so painful! My stomach hurt and I had some chest pains. It kept me up all night with pain. Please read side effects before taking.
I have had trouble sleeping for about 4 years after a breakdown I currently take an antidepressant and did have Zopiclone to help me sleep which worked really well and gave me a good nights restfull sleep , My GP discontinued the zopiclone a year ago and my nights are terrible I can lay here for hours and my head won 't turn off and will usually end up getting about 2 hours sleep. I have recently been given temazepam 10mg which does not work at all. I have doubled my dose to 20mg but still no luck with sleep, hence I 'm writing this now at 2.18 am. I have been trying to look up to see if they clash with my anti depressant Venlafaxine .
It actually makes me vomit violently. It feels like it 's burning a hole in my stomach. I 've tried 3 different times. I have Hyperemesis and I take Zofran and Phenergan and when I try to add delcegis I vomit 10x back to back until it 's out.... Awful awful stuff.
This drug ruined 11  years of my life &amp; continues to do so. I was given no addback therapy, nor told of any side effects, only the leaflet to read at home AFTER I 'd already been given 3 month Lupron shot &amp; told it will help my excruciating Endometriosis pain. After reading leaflet in it 's entirety I immediately called my OB/GYN &amp; asked about addback, Calcium &amp; lots more questions. I was scared of all side-effects listed on the leaflet &amp; wished I had known about them before (I 'd have refused) or that I could UNDO the shot! He told me worst that may happen are few hot flashes. My pain worsened, I got OSTEOPOROSIS, lost several teeth &amp; couldn 't walk unasisted for 6mths. THIS IS TRULY A HORRIBLE DRUG!!!
I took one last night,  only worked a little,  took one more today,  hope it works by morning without bad side affects.  I used to take 2 laxatives at once but experienced faintness,  nausea &amp; severe hot flashes. So I only will one and not repeat dose for at least 12 hours.
Had done this  process  3 timesbefore, 1st time use Prepopkit. Co-pay is $125 since insurance won 't cover this. Followed instruction exactly and no effect ion.  No BM after 1st dose, has three after 2nd dose. I have one hour left and still not clean. Sucks.
The side effects of this medication are terrible. The dizziness, headache, and not being able to understand what was going on, felt like I was in a cloud. 
I was on Loestrin for 3 years with no problems but now I have acne which I haven 't had for 10yrs. And missing periods and bad PMS and depression. And my sex drive has dropped.
No help at all did not work
I have start taking forxiga 10 mg 6 months before.  I have UTI and I feel that my power of muscles getting weaker and weaker.  I am skinny and after taking this medicine I became even more skinny I continue to loose weight. It is horrible to me.
After receiving this medication, nothing has changed at all! I still have fevers, coughing fits, and a horrible headache. It hurts to lift my head off of the pillows and even walk around since my joints hurt from the fevers. Matter of fact, my fevers have been increasing rather than decreasing! Other medications I have taken worked as soon as I ingested it. I would not recommend to anyone.
I have been on pain medicines since 1993 for back pain. I have been taking Oxycontin 40 Mg 3x per day, last month my pain management Doctor said that he was no longer writing for Oxycontin because of it showing up on the streets of our community. He said I had the choices of Morphine, Methadone, or Opana ER. I chose Opana so now I am on 30mg twice a day. The only benefit that I am experiencing is that it takes away the withdrawal symptoms and they don 't drop you like when an Oxycontin wears off but for me the pain is still there.
My child has been on Abilify for a while now and we have not noticed any changes really. He still has aggression, self injurious behavior, and extreme levels of impulsivity. I can 't take him out in public because he randomly hits people especially small children. If he is prevented from harming others he starts hurts himself until we have to restrain him. He has callouses on his wrists from biting and hitting his mouth repeatedly. The doctor has already increased his Abilify up to 10mg twice a day and he 's on Clonidine 0.1mg 6 x 's a day, Concerta 54mg a day, Ritalin 10mg a day, and Vistarel 100mg a night and melatonin at night. It 's like he is on nothing though. I am terrified to take him off because it might make him worse. I 'm so lost.
Have been taking Provigil for several years, after a head injury, to help with fatigue and focus.  Lost my job, and no health insurance, so decided to try a 14-day free sample of Nuvigil while waiting for prescription assistance.  Was taking 100mg Provigil 1-2 times a day and it helped a lot when I needed it (I went through phases of taking and then not taking it as needed).  On Nuvigil, I was severely manic yesterday (2nd day at 150mg) to the point where my friends were concerned about me. Felt jittery, and my friends said it looked like I was high.  Felt a little like the couple of days when my doctor tried me on Adderal.  I think I will wait until I get the Provigil approved.  
This is one of the worst experience in my entire life. After taking Augmentin , I had diarrhea for a week, yeast infection, dry red rashes at the palm of my hands and inner thighs, hemorrhoids, exhaustion, blurry vision, increased heart rate which caused me not able to sleep. I WILL NEVER take Augmentin again, worst meds in the world.
This stuff burns so bad!!!! I had to take a showe rto make sure all of it was off!!! It irritated me more than the yeast infection itself... horrible medicine!!!
Wife wasted money on it. Like she says, &quot; I 'm still fat&quot;
When I first got Implanon I was really excited about the positive potential it could have.  I had been on the pill and wanted something I didn 't have to think about taking as well as the possibility of not having such a heavy cycle.  The insertion wasn 't painful, although for a few days after my arm was really sore with a pretty large bruise.  I had the Implanon put in mid November and my cycle didn 't stop.  My sex drive decreased and after having my period for months I started to get depressed.  I know for some people this birth control.  I have now started Loestrin 24FE and I have nothing but good things to say.
My experience with Effexor was absolutely terrible. I was prescibed this for my depression (3rd medication I tried) The reason I gave it 2/10 was because I didn 't feel any worse mentally on this (did not feel the slightest bit better either), but if it wasn 't for that I would have given it a 0/10 if possible. The side effects and withdrawal was absolutely terrible. The head &quot;zaps&quot; started to cause unbearable migraines, I had no appetite, and my vision was blurred some days. The withdrawal was something I 've never experienced before and I hope that I will never have to go through it again. I was completely bed ridden due to the unbearable migraines, sweating, and vomiting. Everyone is different, but this did not work out for me.
HiI have been on pregabalin for over a year. Started at 75 mgs and thought it was going to work but it only lasted 1  day. I got up to 150 mgs twice a day with no positive effect. I am now down to 100 mgs twice a day. I have had no weight gain. I am on a few other meds but I still suffer daily with this awful anxiety. I am trying transcranial magnetic simulation right now and have about 3 weeks of treatments left, it hasn 't helped me yet.The only thing that works for me is benzodiazepines and I become tolerant very quickly.
I would not recommend this to ANYONE. I have had bleeding in my urine for over two weeks and the doctors associated it with a UTI. After being given macrobid, and symptoms persisting they gave me septa. I took it for two days twice a day with food was fine, on the third day not so much. I began shaking uncontrollably, dry mouth, I was incoherent to the point I couldn 't even understand what people were saying to me, heart was racing, I was dizzy, and extremely nauseous. It literally felt like I had been roofied (drugged up) . I don 't even remember half the night and I had horrible insomnia. I don 't even understand how this is on the market. Would never EVER take this again.
All I can say if you don 't mind bleeding this is good for you!!!! I 've had it for 5 months after I had my daughter ,and it 's been none stop bleeding!!!! Come Monday I 'm calling my doctor to see when I can get mine taken out!!! I 'm tired and tired of bleeding I love to have sex but since I 've had this I don 't!!! Again I bleed so much I think it 's something wrong this is a no go for me... true you won 't get pregnant, but the side effects make you not want to do the things to get you pregnant!!!
After 3 1/2 months of using Limbrel I became vilolently ill. I had extreme nausea, vomiting, feverish, chills, achy. My primary doctor ran blood work and it came back that I was anemic with liver problems. After 15 days of feeling like I had food poisoning, I searched online and found that there were dozens of people with the same symptoms and some even went to the hospital.I stopped taking the Limbrel right away and started feeling better within 48 hrs. After 7-8 days I was back to 100%.
On first day severe nausea headache and vomiting. Couldn 't get out of bed and had to stop taking.
Worst birth control ever. My pharmacy randomly switched me to this 6 months ago after I had been on Microgestin for 2 1/2 years. Since being on Blisovi, I have gained 10 lbs, fainted twice, have horrible headaches and dizzy spells, nauseous constantly, no appetite, very sad, and get angry very easily. I also have barely any sex drive whatsoever. I barely have energy to want to do anything. I could sleep all day if I let myself. I 've never felt so horrible in my entire life. After getting sick of gaining weight and fainting, I am finally stopping the pill. It is not worth it. BC is literal poison to the body. This brand just happens to be the worst one.
I have been using Sronyx for just about 3 months now and I am definitely not too fond of it. It makes me extremely moody. I get mad easily and at times I feel like I just want to cry for just about anything. Because of this, it messed up my relationship quite a bit and I have absolutely no desire to keep taking it. I 'm going to keep at it for a little while longer to see if I get any better and to see if the side effects go away.
Does not work for me. I have nerve damage due to back surgery.
I have been taking adderall for quite some time but this month I went to CVS and got my normal 10mg, took them and felt NOTHING by the end of day I had taken 60mg, way more than normal and felt NOTHING but a headache. Got my dr to switch the script to 20mg went back and got a faded looking orange pill with U30 on it, first of all it was all crumbly then it was BITTER instead of the normal sweet taste, I have taken 60mg again and I 'm about to fall asleep!!! CVS must know they are selling rubbish!!! Next month I won 't fill unless I make sure its not from these people!!
worst yeast infection ever!  Running to the bathroom all the time, didn 't make it a few times, glad that happened at home.
Was put on 10mg Lexapro for general anxiety.  I was on it for 5 days and just had to stop. Horrible anxiety, feelings of depression I have never had before, absolutely no appetite, migraine, bad dreams, falling asleep at work while getting more than enough sleep at night, forgetful in my everyday tasks, overall hazy and strange feeling.  Will go back to Ativan and will never take an SSRI for my anxiety again-not worth it.
I took one dosage, and it made me ill.
18 years old. 4th month. Some symptoms: sickness (worse right after taking the pill and more around 1-4am), migraines, bad cramps (on and off period), nausea (I still haven 't vomited but there are times where I think it 'll be more satisfying then feeling like it), my stomach sticks out like a balloon, I 've been pretty emotional (I get really sad and have no idea why), I fainted twice and get dizzy often, my body feels weak and I bruise easily, both knees cramp up, but my period is regular and light and my acne has went down.. also I 'm not pregnant so that 's good too.
This medicine made me gain about 15-20 lbs when I was staying at the hospital when I was 13. I 'm now 22. I started taking Geodon a few weeks ago and I 'm feeling much better. No more paranoia in the night at all anymore. No thoughts that there 's a serial killer watching me or a serial killer in a room in my house or on a chair in the room I 'm in. I 'm on Risperdal, I 'm trying to get off of it completely because it also made me gain a lot of weight also. I 'm 166 right now and 5 '8 '. I used to always be slim and have no hunger. I 'm also on Paxil which hasn 't helped me with my depression at all, just a terrible medicine and I 'm on Lamictal which has helped keep stable - I have the manic type.
Worked at first to bring heartburn/acid re-flux under control, however I had to stop taking it because it started causing severe stomach &amp; abdominal pain. Now control through diet &amp; Tums EX. The pain from the Protonix side effect was terrible when it started happening.
I 'm not even done with my first pack yet, just got to the white pills. My cramps are worse than they have ever been, I 'm constantly feeling sick and it didn 't not lighten my flow at all and clotting has gotten worse. I 'm sure this BC works for some but if definitely does not work for me.
Absolutely ineffective for my GAD....stuck with it for a year based on pdoc advice. Now I have to deal with tapering. What a mistake that has been. Additionally, I have tried several other ssri 's as well as a few ssri 's all to no avail. Suicidal thoughts, intolerable side effects, lack of any efficacy.  Without Benzodiazepan 's I would not be here now.
I have been experiencing IBS constipation for over 30 years because of hypothyroidism. My doctor first prescribed Linzess 145 mcg which at first was working for a day or 2 but once my body got used to it I was back again not having a bowel movement. I have to take my thyroid medicine in the morning with my Linzess, both say take on an empty stomach. So I started taking 145 mcg once in the morning and then once at 5 pm in the afternoon when I got home from work. It helped some but not much as I needed to take smooth move tea at night to help it along. Then my doctor prescribed 290 once in the morning. Well I 've had not luck even with the smooth move tea and it 's been almost 2 weeks without a bowel movement. Don 't know where to go for help.
This pill is honestly so terrible. The first week I began taking it, I started to break out all over my face with extremely painful cystic acne. It was uncontrollable. As soon as I started to take the inert pills, my face cleared up. Also this has caused me to form a fibroadenoma in my breast, and I have an extremely extensive family history of breast cancer in young women. I 'm only 20 years old and I have fibrocystic breast disease, and I 've been on just about every birth control on the market. If you have this condition as well STAY AWAY from this drug at all costs.
Terrible, terrible antibiotic. I took Z pack for my sinus infection, which usually helps but didn 't this time so my doc put me on cefdinir. No problems until the 3rd day I woke up with the most terrible diarrhea I 've ever had. Same the following day. It 's almost 3 weeks later and I still have the diarrhea and have gone to the ER once for iv fluids to help with my dehydration. I would NOT recommend.
I was given Gildesse to help control my ovarian cysts. BIG MISTAKE! I have gained wieght, feel depressed and tired and when I do have periods now they are horrible, painful,and really heavy. They will last indefinitely too. I have bled for over 30 days. I thought this was just my perimenopause but after reading everyone 's reviews I felt I had the same symptoms as them and felt obligated to share.
Took Synthroid for about 15 years and although I never felt it was working for me my doctor would only say &quot;well, your labs look good.&quot;  I read about Armour and had my doctor change me. Armour was amazing.  I felt great after 2-3 months.  Weight dropped, dry skin and hair improved and my energy level significantly improved.  Then all of a sudden I developed a terrible rash on my hands.  Doctors tested for contact dermatitis, other allergies, all came back negative.  The only new addition to my routine was the Armour.  I read other reviews that discussed the fact the Forrest Phar. had been sold and apparently Armour was reformulated with possibly other fillers.  Stopped Armour and the rash disappeared.  Miss its benefits.
I was on this Birth control for 6 months, and started noticing a lot of side effects. I was losing more hair, my skin was getting drier and I was also so sad, and cried and got mad over anything. I went to my doctor and he ran me for some blood tests and came back to find out that my estrogen levels dropped immensely. I have switched to the Nuva ring - a low dose birth control.  Other then that -  I had no problems. If you have these symptoms I urge you to get tested for estrogen levels.
I have been diagnosed with extreme acid reflux (more to come later on),Approximately 1 1/2 years ago my bad acid went out of control and started to come up in my mouth walking/sitting/laying down.I went to see my gastroenterologist and he sent me off to see a surgeon.The surgeon says I need a operation that amounts to be a gastric bypass.I did not like the diagnosis, About that time my gastroenterologist decided to drop all his medicare patients.I went to another hospital/gastro guy and he wanted me to stop all my ant-acid meds (2 ACIPHEX 2&nbsp;RANITIDINE and 2 Omeprazole)  for a week, After one days I was asking him to allow me to stay on For some reason the site is not allowing me to enter more details.
Did not work that well.
It 's a miracle for someone else to feel better (which I 'm happy they do) but it does not work to me. I feel empty these days with lack of motivation to do anything. My hallucinations and voices don 't go away that easy. I still find myself seeing shadows and hearing voices telling me words that aren 't real. I 'm not worried about the weight gain I just want the hallucinations and hearing voices to go away. I am diagnosed with schizoaffective which now make me doubt about it. My mood is stable (how others see on the outside) normal to everyone but it like putting myself to sleep and becomes even slow. aripiprazole was bad for me as it made me feel restless and suicidal.
This pill does not work. It gave me just enough pregnancy symptoms to where I didn 't notice that I WAS pregnant until I started showing.
Tried it for over 4 weeks. I didn 't feel any different and seemed to get sicker the longer I was on it. Never got the rash but had pain all over my body (bones, arms, legs, stomach, etc). It was so bad I couldn 't get out of bed without crying and being in severe pain. Wound up in the hospital and after being off of it for just over 2 days I was back to normal!
My Doctor put me on Flomax. I took it for 2 days and don 't like it. I dream all night and still get up and pee 3 times during night, also my heart rate went up. Not for me.
I had 1 injection less than a month ago and recently started having the following symptoms:intense fatigueherpes outbreakpainful joints in hands and kneesneck paincoughsore throatdepression
I 'm having an allergic reaction to this right now. I thought I was coming down with the flu but it has to be this medication. I took my last pill two hours ago and waiting for it to get out of my system.
Horrific side effects and incredibly difficult to wean off of as well because of the withdrawal symptoms. When I first started taking it, I felt some relief but it didn 't last very long. I 'd taken Lexapro and Zoloft in the past and felt that, over time, they were no longer helpful in treating my depression which is why my doctor put me on Effexor. It took me a while to realize this medication was worsening my depression symptoms and I didn 't realize it until after a botched suicide attempt. I don 't recommend this medication to ANYONE for any reason. Worst of the worst as far as I 'm concerned. It 'll trick your brain for a little while into thinking you 're improving but the depression and anxiety will come back and hit you ten times worse!
Found it ineffective for facial spasms. Patients must get liver function tests while they are on this medicine. I believe other dystonia sufferers have had some relief with this but I was not one of them.
Copaxone for me was very harsh. Before switching I ended up with almost all side effects.
Took 80mg of geodon for 10 months. Severe weight loss, extreme loss appetite, moderate anxiety, talked out loud to myself alot, talking rapidly while not making sense, extreme happiness for no reason, jerked awake every night with no sleep for at least 24 hours, severe restlessness. Extreme energy.  Severe weight loss almost died. Don 't recommend.
Do not take this!!I 've only been on this for a month and gained ten pounds without even over eating. I also had a racing heart and couldn 't breath. I 've been on at least fifteen different antidepressants and I have to say stay away from this please.
Wellbutrin did not work for me; made me more depressed, joint pain, muscle pain and ringing in ears.
After taking this stuff I got really angry and after a couple weeks I started feeling worse. Remember it 's different for everyone though and it might work for you.
Stay away from sharp objects!! 2 months on 37.5MG Effexor - feels like my attention is limited to a single train of thought. I can 't do more than one thing at once without risking personal injury. Clumsily shredded myself bloody more than ever in my life while on this med. Doors and fridge cut my feet open because I literally cannot pay attention to the fridge door if I 'm looking at the contents of fridge or don 't see screen door closing on me while carrying something in from outside. Haven 't been cooking much but the one time I tried I burned green beans in the pan. It makes me sleep 16h/day. If I get up before 2pm I can 't trust myself to drive. 2 close calls were enough. Social anxiety is worse than before. Only 37.5 MG!! Need a change
After taking only one 10mg pill I keep having panic attacks. Stay away!
Not only was it extremely painful to put this thing in, I had it removed 7 years later (10 year copper Paraguard) and one of the top arms broke off and is stuck inside of me and will probably have to be removed.I am reading many stories about these breaking.  Thank goodness I am done having children.  If I were wanting to get pregnant I would be even more furious right now.
Never pregnant,28,retroverted small (6cm) uterus.  My regular Period = severe cramping,vomiting,heavy bleeding,miss work. Skyla recommended to decrease cramping w/ low hormone side effect risk. Negative past experience with other hormonal BCs (nuvaring:extreme fatigue,combo pills:visual migraines,POPs:super depressed &amp; anxious). Insertion was extremely painful but quick.  Barely noticeable cramps for 2 days, pain-free after (but vag dryness).  After 1 wk, started having excruciating pain caused by laying/sitting(back,stomach,pelvic,upper thigh cramps that woke me from sleep every 3-4 hours,lasting several hours);600mg ibuprofen no help, slow walking did. 4 Days of this,removed (mild pain &amp; quick).  Relief was immediate.  PPGyno said this was a first in her experience
This so called birth control took away 4 years of my life I can never get back! I ended up with copper toxicity, my hair fell out in clumps, my periods were so heavy I couldn 't even leave my house because I was severely eniemic...let 's not mention the severe anxiety that again kept me a prisoner in my home. When I finally had the torture device removed it came out rusty and falling apart!  I still suffer long term effects from it. It needs to be removed from the market ...nothing good comes from it!
Tried this after my new Dr took me off of Ambien that I 'd been on for 3 1/2 years  by a sleep Dr for my insomnia, I can stay wide awake for up to 48 hours &amp; then if I do fall asleep only get between 2-6 hours of sleep. New Dr thinks I 'm depressed BUT I 'm far from that &amp; keeps wanting to put me on depression medicine!! Called sleep Dr back in Iowa to tell new Dr here in Louisiana that I have insomnia which she did BUT new Dr doesn 't believe sleep specialist!!
I got severe lower back pain very soon after starting this which continued the entire time I was taking it. Frequent (at least 3x a week) migraines, increased appetite and weight gain, and a mysterious breast lump
Within 12 days 100 mg brought my sugar down 40 pts. HOWEVER, it did a number on my blood pressure. I have excellent blood pressure, on the lower end of normal, and this dropped it down to the point I could barely function. Fatigue so bad I had to stop driving after 15 miles because I was falling asleep at the wheel. Going up the 3 flights of stairs to my apt felt like climbing Mt. Everest. Constant dizziness, wooziness, the floor felt like it was moving when I 'd bend down. Weird tunnel vision effect like what happens when you know you 're gonna faint. It took 2 full days for all those side effects to clear after I quit taking it. I suffered 12 days thinking I 'd get used to it but it just kept getting worse. Beware low BP side effects with it
I got my first (and last) Depo shot about two and a half months ago. I 've had two periods since, but they come a week late, and last about a week and a half. I have terrible cramps and heavy bleeding. My periods are far worse on it than before. When I got my first shot, my doctor only told me that I would spot for the first few months and then my periods would eventually stop, and that the risk of blood clots is low (my mother passed away at 38 from a blood clot, potentially from the use of birth control). I wasn 't informed of the side effects, and my doctor didn 't take a pregnancy test before she gave it to me, like they 're supposed to. 
This is the side effect: Imagine a raft of fire ants hunting you down and taking up residence inside your vagina. That 's the best way to describe the feeling I got less than a minute after using this product. The pain lasted 2 hours, until I washed out most of the cream. Only did one day of the 3-day treatment course, then went to see a doctor who prescribed me an oral anti-fungal medication. I 've actually used this successfully in the past with minimal side effects. But this time...nope. If you are a person who has sensitive skin (or if you 're already feeling irritated from the infection) I would not recommend this. The copay at the doctor 's office for a pill was 1000% worth it.
I absolutely hate this form of birth control. I have been on my period for months. Heavy bleeding, horrible headaches, and terrible uncontrollable mood swings. Getting out ASAP.
I don 't like this particular brand of Metformin. It doesn 't have consistent results. My A1C  was down to 5.9 from 11.8 when first diagnosed  in 2009 after receiving a round of steroid shots for my back pain. My doctor had put me on a series of different diabetic  type 2 meds. They found I was insulin resistance. So, they put me on Actos  for about  6 months and that is what got everything under control. I also had a extreme diet change  in 4 months I lost 100 lbs. Also helped my numbers. Unfortunately I had a life changing event which required me too move out of state. I just had my urine checked and my kidneys seem to be fine but having major issue when my sugar is 129 -. My A1C has gone up since taking this. Itching, diarrhea, weight gain
Vomiting, pain, weakness.  Unable to stand up.  Had to cancel colonoscopy at 2 am.HORRIBLE.
I was on Humira for maybe 6 months. It was amazing how my psoriasis was disappearing before my eyes. A couple months in I began to become unstable when standing. I used handrails and the kids as a crutch. Eventually that wasn 't enough I needed my husband and soon after a Cain. I had to teach myself how to walk again with physical therapy it took 30 minutes just to walk three houses down and back. I went back to the Dr who said in rare cases it can cause MS like symptoms and I was very saddened to be removed from this medicine. Within weeks I was back to normal. But here 's the kicker I had plaque psoriasis on about 30 percent of my body when I started Humira. 2 yrs later I am covered in about 90 percent n it has this since age 11! SAD!!
After about 2 months and my dosage upped my blood pressure is still too high. I have severe heartburn and my Raynaud 's is far worse than before. Couldn 't function to get money out of my wallet, my fingers were so bad. I live in FL and my fingers and toes have been white for over a week.
I started on Lexapro which worked at first for me, then a month later made me feel like a zombie because I was so drowsy so my doctor started me on 200mg of Wellbutrin a day. The first few days were fine and then after about a week the crazy suicidal thoughts started. Then came the mood swings and short fuze. After 2 weeks of this medication I couldnt stand anyone around me or even myself. I didnt want to be talked to or even looked at I felt depressed, life wasn 't worth anything. So, my doctor changed me to Prozac 20mg and so far seems to be a good fit.
Horrible! I am dizzy, feel like vomiting, diarrhea, more sleepy than before and super super dizzy, this thing is worrying me alot
One does of ciprofloxicin and my daughter lost her hearing completely. And mood swings omg she I 'll never take this again.
I am taking Lomotil because I had surgery. Then bone infection set in and I had to take IV antibiotics which caused extensive diarrhea.  The first day I took Lomotil, it worked great for about 10 hours, but the following days, decreased in its effectiveness. By the third day, it was no longer working for me, but I attribute this to the antibiotics.  I will have to let my doctor know so that he can possibly prescribe another anti-diarrhea medicine or change my antibiotic.
....kinda ran out of room so this is a 2nd post,hope that 's ok.Anyone suffering from cramps, diarrhea, bloating, emergencies, after taking this medication should read:I have gotten a dairy allergy after using this medicine, I would highly recom-Mend total withdrawal of dairy if you have had a similar experience. I 've been dealing with these side effects for 10  months and tried various things. I assumed it had just aggravated my IBS as symptoms slowly subsided yet after a vacation with too much Rich restauraunt food, symptoms ( 3am emergency waking, constant cramps, ect.) returned. Only after total removal of dairy Am I kind of back to normal, I am able to access medical cannabis living in Canada which can drop 4-6 movements/ to1-2 day!
On first 5 days doses it was so effective, but gradually after the fifth day its effect totally decreased, now after a month it has no effect and I believe it causes more constipation. That also was reported from another person I know.
I thought I saw some improvement but not enough to deal with the price and irritation to my skin.
If you have got the depo shot and are now experiencing consistent bleeding that 's dark in color, I recommend seeing a gyno and getting the pill. I bled from May 2015 until the end of September and a week after the pill, I am blood free. All my other side effects have also subsided. GET THE PILL, IT HELPS, I SWEAR.
Well...i start using yaz 3 months ago and my face now looks terrible. Is so much worse then before. I can not go out and i feel so bad. When i start it i had only a few pimples in my right cheek but now all my face is coved with very ugly and big acne. But im still waiting...im in the third week of my third pack now and hoping for some improvment
Horrible pain. Was hospitalized. Terrible drug.
I am nineteen and I 've been on this pill for almost two months now. I am being forced to give it another month but I can 't wait to switch! I have had horrible breakouts, weight gain, nausea, cramping even off my period, mood swings, depression...the list goes on. I have never felt more horrible. I will be trying Yasmin next. Also, if your skin isn 't improving in three months, I would definitely switch birth controls.
This was the worst experience of my life. I have really bad anxiety and my doctor perscribed one 37.5 mg a day. I took it for the first time and got extremely nauseas. I noticed my hands were shaking and I was clenching my jaw and neck uncontrallably. I found myself to have no appetite and with my stomach troubles this is an issue. Later in the day I tried to eat, and couldn 't hold any food down. I did feel calm, so it helped with my anxiety, but all the side effects just arnt worth it.  This med is poison for me.
My doctor prescribed 37.5 mg to me.  I took one at 3:00p.m. and by 7:00p.m. I was feeling dizzy and nauseous.  I actually was able to fall asleep but woke up several times during the night with horrible nausea, shaking, anxiety, weird dreams, and the a lot of gas!  Thank goodness I had Zofran for nausea or I would have thrown up. I also had to take an Ativan for the anxiety and Imodium for diarrhea.  It 's now 5:00p.m. the next day and I 'm just now feeling better. I know others who use Effexor and love it so it does work for some....just not for me.  I called the doc and she quickly switched me to something else.
So I have had this wart on my thumb near my nail for about a year now. Finally I went to the derm and she toldMe it was a periungal wart. I was told to use this cream overnight with a bandaid until it was gone. It has been over a month and still no progress. It still is growing and still looks the same as it did. Advice is welcome. I have a bigger one on my left thumb and smaller one on myRight.
I wish I would have read this before buying. My second YI &amp; the store I went to doesn 't have many options to choose from only Monistat &amp; generic for Miconazole. First night felt extreme burning upon inserting started to lessen after a few min. But oh my, I was scared I actually burned my insides off. 30 min here I am typing this. I 'm glad I don 't have it as bad as most. Its actually going away now. Not sure wether to try the second day though. I survived tonite. It 's obvious the 3day one is much worse since it has more mg of medication. No itchy feeling here thank God. Do not buy this.
This med was added to enhance my present ace inhibitor (Enalapril 20mg/2x daily) to reduce my BP. Recently,I became extremely ill with a viral sinus infection and ultimately my BP spiked because of fighting this wicked infection. The physician thought it may be prudent to lower the BP so HCTZ was added to the regiment of treatment @ 25mg per day.  I 've been on it for 3 weeks. BP is normal but it was normal before the infection on Enalapril . I am in good health, eat right and exercise. I can 't believe the side effects. Extreme fatigue, nausea, gastric pains, muscle pains, weakness, anxiety and on and on. I contacted the physician today and she immediately removed me from the med. Be careful and be watchful if this med!!
I would never take this drug again and I would encourage you to never take this drug. The side effects were terrible.
Been on Lexapro for 2 days.  Horrible nausea, headache.  My husband asked the pharmacist about help with this.  She recommended an over-the-counter liquid called Ematrol.  Used by children and adults.  It helped.  Also sipped ginger ale as needed.  Feel very out-of-body, shaky but trying to stick it out as everyone seems to say the first day/week is hell, but then all is good.  Am continuing on Klonopin, per my psychiatrist 's recommendation, until the Lexapro kicks in.  Will try taking it at night, as this seems easier to &quot;ride out&quot; the side effects through sleep.
I have been off Tri-Sprintec for two weeks now and I feel like myself again. I was extremely moody towards my husband for the last 9 months. I just feel happier. The pill was effective though because I didn 't get pregnant. I also didn 't have any weight gain and my skin was fine. Just be aware that you can become very emotional and irritable after taking this pill. I 'll be looking for another contraceptive that doesn 't do that to my body.
Caused headache, irritability, constipation, and blurred vision.
WEIRD - was on Yaz (brand name) for over a year and had absolutely no issues. Switched to the generic version and was given Loryna. Quickly I started to get TONS of freckles all over my body (very odd side effect). In addition my legs started swelling. It is different than Yaz!
I was on fetzima for about 8 months ending at 100 mg.  I now have severe dry eyes with possible glaucoma.  This medicine make me very manic with severe dry mouth, eyes and dry skin.  I thought is was my sinuses that gave me the terrible pain in my eyes so after waiting to see a specialist ENT and eye Dr. I am stuck with lose of vision .  I have been on antidepressents for years and have never had a problem like this.  I Have been off fetzima for 2 months a still suffering the side effects.
I had Implanon for 2 years and at first it was great. I never had a period and I surely didn 't get pregnant. So for that I liked Implanon. But the side effect where not worth it. I ended up gaining weight which is something I can deal with but I started to get really bad headaches and it started affecting my vision and my daily activities. I was tired all the time I slept for 15 hrs a day. I couldn 't function at all and it started to take a toll on my family and kids. They wanted their mommy and I just couldn 't be there like I should have. I just took it out last week and I feel like a new person. I haven 't had a headache. I feel so active and I can now live.
I switched from Kariva because I was having pretty bad cramping during my period. I have been on Loestrin for a week.  The first 3-4 days I had severe migraines constantly.  I was relieved when that passed, but a few days later the insomnia began.  I have a horrible time falling asleep and when I can fall asleep it 's a very light sleep and I feel exhausted all day which is terrible since I have a 14 month old to care for. I 'm talking to my doctor and either switching back to Kariva (I 'd rather have cramps than this) or using another method. I 'm over pills. Can someone please make a pill for men? It 's so unfair that we have to put our bodies through this to prevent pregnancy.
Start with 500 000VL 10cd4 Was taking Genvoya for 6 months and it couldn 't get me undetectable. My doc said that genvoya it 's not working with other patients too.. Otherwise no serious side effects... If you start with low VL that 's the best drug for you.
It has been almost 6 months since my shot and I have been on my period the whole time. I gained 45 pounds and I was the most depressed I 've ever been. I went insane with mood swings, my already bad pain got worse, and I had head splitting migraines among other things. I don 't recommend it to anyone. It should come with a prescription for Xanax and some weight loss pills to try to stay on top of things.
Wife wasted money on it. Like she says, &quot; I 'm still fat&quot;
Very healthy 50 year old white male. Developed severe rash on right inside thigh. Doctor immediately suggested to stop taking Lipitor, which I did. FUNNY, Crestor produced same rash in same place. Doctor was amazed.
It was my first time having a YI this week. So I bought monistat day 1 and used it last night before bed. I read the reviews about how it burned and itches for hours but I didn 't have that experience lucky for me. When I woke up the next morning not only was my YI not treated my entire &quot;area&quot; was swollen and in a little pain if I touched it. It hurt to walk but I made it to the doctors as soon as I got up and my doctor diagnosed me with a YI and prescribed me &quot;fluconazole&quot;. I 'm hoping it works better than monistat did but I will never use that product again. And my biggest advice to anyone out there who has a YI you should go to your doctor instead of trying to cure it yourself. Or use anything BESIDES MONISTAT!!
I was having problems with some constipation- I chose Dulcolax because of the word &quot;GENTLE&quot; on the box .  Wrong!!! I took 1 tablet at night and the next morning I was in agony! Severe stomach pain, nausea, vomiting, sweats............. and finally in the middle of all this I managed to have a BM. It is now early evening and I am still having cramps- I have been in bed all day (only get up to go to bathroom)- I will NEVER go for that &quot;gentle relief&quot; again!
I chose Paragard because I had rough side effects from hormonal birth control. I was also not sure if I wanted more children, probably not due to my age and health problems I had with my last pregnancy, but just in case I changed my mind I didn 't want to choose something permanent. Imagine my surprise when I became pregnant on Paragard. An ultrasound showed it was correctly positioned. I was relying on Paragard to be as effective as advertised. Now, looking online, I see that thousands of other women have had this happen as well.
I was on Enbrel  for about 3 years.  The only good thing was it cleared my psorasis which was horrible, especially  on my scalp, but also on my elbows, waist, legs,etc. I statred to have allergic reactions, and once a t the end had anaphylaxis . Shortness of breath and other symptoms  also encouraged me to try Otezla.  I am sorry to report that my psorasis  immediately  returned with a vengence, my scalp is covered with tight painful scales itches, burns,is embarrassing  and also is on my elbows and they Crack bleed, hurt . .. but, since I started   Otezla, I have been on 4 rounds  of  antibiotics  for URI 's, sinus, pneumonia, had terrible diarrhe ,  swollen glands.  I have to go to my Dermatologist  next week  and am asking for  Cosyntex..
After a few other medications failed to help, I tried Luvox for 13 weeks. It immediately made me nauseous, and the effect was constant--not just when I took the dose. I also had no improvement in my PTSD symptoms. Eventually I gave up and had to try another drug.
10-20mg start pack: Day 2 I had random muscle twitch in my upper outside thigh (gone now).  In addition to depression, I also normally have anxiety, which I believe the medicine is making worse.  My jaws tighten and I feel as if I have non-stop TMJ.  The pain is so sharp in my left jaw, that it wakes me up at night.  Also, intermittent ringing ears.  I regularly have to relax/reposition by jaws due to the pain and tightening.  I have strange stools-not diarrhea but soft and textured. Insomnia is bad.  I can get to sleep quickly, but wake up at the slightest sound and have trouble getting back to sleep.  Constant dull headache.  Just went up to 20 mg and will see what happens. It 's day 8, I 'm more anxious and still depressed.  No improvement.
I am 21 yrs old and work and am a full time nursing student. This medication has affected my personality. I am usually a bright bubbly person and don 't take anything too personal. After a week of this medicine (40 mg) I noticed I 'm snapping at people over absolutely nothing. I feel like I 've become bipolar, one moment I 'll  be beyond happy and focused, the next irritated, then angry. Then crying over nothing. I 've become mouthy to my instructors and don 't like long conversations anymore. People seem to irritate me and there 's only a few that I can stand being around for a long period of time. I 've already made mean remarks to some of my fellow students, which isn 't me at ALL. Maybe this medication isn 't for everyone.
I have been on the Depo shot since February 2016. It is now Aigust 1st 2016 and I have not stoop bleeding since I began the shot. I do not recommend this product at all. Along with the bleeding I have felt pain in my uterus area. I received an ultrasound which was negative but I never had any problems until I started this shot. I am due for my third shot tomorrow but I am not getting it. I only got the second shot in hopes that my body would get used to the hormones but I cannot deal with another three months of steady constant bleeding. I was fine without it and had normal 3-5 day periods. With this I cannot differentiate if it 's a period or just bleeding from the shot. I 'll be so glad when this is completely out of my body.
I have taken Flexeril and other then putting me to sleep it never helped.
Took this for 2 weeks and gained 2-3 pounds. I had been told to stay on it for a few months to detetmine its effectiveness. I discontinued it because of severe bladder spasms. Pain disappeared slowly over the next day.
I was prescribed this pill due to heavy bleeding during one menstrual cycle..my tubes are tied so this was the only reason I took the pill, it really helped alleviate the heavy bleeding however I ended up with a blood clot in my rt eye as a result of this pill. Just wondering if anyone else had this experience. I was fine before I started taking it and after just 3 months I noticed blurry vision in my rt eye. I don 't have a familial history of blood clotting and no where else in my body do I have blood clots. I know this because I 'm now under the care of a cardiologist, hematologist, retina specialist, all because of the clot. Don 't take this especially if your family has a history of blood clots.
This stuff is torture!  I was coughing a little  and had some allergy congestion the pharmacist recommend this stuff.  Its 2:00 AM I took two pills at 3 in the afternoon and I have been coughing my lungs out ever since. I 'm literally coughing so hard I 'm sweating and have a headache I feel edgy and there is no hope of getting sleep tonight.
I used 4 patches in 4 days because each morning when I got in the shower the patch came off.  That was a cost of $4 a day since I had paid $16 for the box.  I called Merck (manufactures product) and was told they would send me a coupon or another box of patches.  That was 4 weeks ago and nothing yet.  But I have decided not to use the product or recommend it to anyone.
I was on Lisinopril for 8 months and all of a sudden my tongue started feeling funny.  I stopped taking it for a day and it seemed to get better.  The next day after taking it my tongue swelled up.  Seems I had a bad allergic reaction to the medication.  So be warned if your tongue starts feeling funny!
i took this birth control for 7 months straight and my periods continued to get less and less each time and every month they would come 2 weeks early during the white pills, and my period has stil not regulated and on the 7th month i had no period at all!!! lots of cramping and feeling like pregnant but was not. horrible!!! i have not lost any baby weight at all bc of this pill!! do not recommend!!!
I am 75 and have diabetes and high blood pressure both under control. I have been inactive sexually for 5 years and recently met someone who wanted to be intimate.  I got a  prescription for Viagra 100 mg and found it not very successful in resolving my erectile dysfunction. May be I 've been inactive too long or my diabetes and blood pressure complicated my condition.
I 'm sure there 's people out there who 'll benefit from this drug. I 'm just not one of them. I noticed a headache after just one day of being on Trintellix. The headaches became persistently worse and were soon accompanied with nausea. Now, I truly believe my doctor made a mistake prescribing this to me because I made him well aware of the fact that I was taking anticonvulsants. Nevertheless, I had several terrible seizures. After just one call to the hospital and a visit to my neurologist, I was told to stop taking it all together. Let this be a lesson: refuse this medication if you have epilepsy or a history of seizures. I 'm appalled a psychiatrist would even give this drug to an epileptic!
The first 6 months on Aubagio were wonderful. I noticed a change for the better in my depression, with seemingly no side effects. Then, at the 6 month mark, things started to go very wrong. I broke out in boils. I had them in my ear canal, as well as on both legs. I 've never had boils in my life. Then things started to get even worse. I had bronchitis, the flu, bronchitis again, the flu again, admitted to the hospital for TIA (which turned out to be a massive MS attack), bronchitis again, cellulitis, and finally, severe nausea and dizziness. So many side effects my doctor did an elimination to remove the medication quickly from my system. the ease of taking the medication did not offset the side effects.
Omfg !!!!  Worst experience ever im curreny 13 wks pregnant and i have a YI due to antibiotics my dr prescribed me before i decided to try this product out before going back to her again worst decision ever i was already burning and it hing due to the YI but oh my i just inserted the 1st day applicator after 10 mins i had this intense burning feeling and itching
ZERO STARS. I became pregnant in October 2016 with the skyla in place. I had nexplanon for a year and a half after my first daughter was born but changed to skyla because of irregular cycles and mood changes. I had Skyla put in place in July. I felt sick in mid November and thought I had flu. I hadn 't had a cycle but didn 't worry because the strings were in place. After experiencing nausea and cramping, I took two pregnancy tests which came back positive. I went to the doctor and I was six weeks pregnant. I had the IUD removed. I am posting this here to let others know of a true failure case and to tell you to have it placed with ultrasound. We are coping with the pregnancy but were shocked to say the least.
I have been on Sprintec for about 4 months now..the first month exactly a week before my period I caught a yeast infection, which I had never had before. Every month after that I had a yeast infection exactly one week before my period. Sprintec did help calm my severe cramps but I can 't stand these yeast infections. Then I caught a UTI and now I am experiencing vaginal discomfort, which is noted as a direct side effect of Sprintec. I am stopping Sprintec immediately. My doctor keeps telling me that birth contol pills don 't really have side effects but I never had any of theses before taking it and I have taken millions of tests and everything is negative! It 's Sprintec, especially after reading all of these comments.
I don 't know if you loose weight on this or not.I have taken 3 pills and it makes me dizzy and vomit. I won 't continue with this medication since I can 't afford to leave work every time I take it.
My father experienced TIA symptoms, taste disturbance, severe weight loss, nausea, pins and needles, speech difficulties and a few hallucinations or visual disturbances over the first eight days of taking clopidogrel with repeated admissions to hospital. He was treated as if he had a TIA although no evidence for it and removed from clopidogrel for ten days during which all symptoms ceased and he returned to normal. He then resumed clopidogrel and the symptoms returned but after a couple of weeks he went into an increasing decline with pain radiating from his lower back, depression, increasing frequency of visual disturbance constipation lethargy, confusion. He was taken off clopidogrel after five weeks and all pain, loss of appetite etc left
This drug did not work for me. The sedating effects were almost more than I could handle, and I constantly had the feeling of being &quot;underwater&quot; as I tried to talk and communicate with those around me. It worked on my symptoms a little bit, but not enough to make up for the weirdness I felt from the side effects. I was on a dose of 300mg 4x a day so I don 't know if that would produce worse side effects or not.
Imuran seemed fine for the first couple weeks, until I got a fever of 103 degrees. My doctor instructed me to stop taking the Imuran if my temperature reached 103 degrees, so I stopped for a week or so. My temperature returned to normal, so my doctor instructed me to start Imuran again. After one day 's dosage I experienced the worst imaginable pain in my whole torso. It turns out the Imuran gave me Pancriatitis. I had to spend 3 days on an IV drip in the hospital and an all liquid diet for a week after.
My new OBGYN surgeon suggested this as a last ditch effort before I get a hysterectomy for non stop bleeding for the last two years (not from fibroids, uterus with almost no lining).  This is EXTREMELY PAINFUL!  If you 've ever had a biopsy in your uterus, just imagine having biopsy 's all night long after you get this inserted.  I was NOT prepared for this and maybe it 's just my body.  But I can tell you that half my body is tattooed and have a very HIGH pain tolerance.  Tattooing is like a day at the spa compared to the pain of this IUD.  I was so close to going to the ER last night.  It 's day no# 2 and I 'm still in a lot of constant pain and had to call into work sick.  Please head my warning before getting this foreign object inserted!
I tried Movantik and it worked very quick but made my stool pure blood. I had heard about that side effect before but never experienced it until then. It scared the hell out of me. I haven 't taken it since.
I 've been on a variety of pain meds since 2006 from a 92# treelimb falling on me and had become quite impact constipated because of them. After yrs of trying many many different kinds of laxatives &amp; eating plenty of fruits my Dr finally asked me today(while refilling my medtronics morphine pump) if I had ever tried this injection. He gave me a sample &amp; told me to be close to a toilet so I just now gave myself the injection, now that I 'm home. So far the only thing I 'm feeling is activity in my stomach as if things will be happening soon...no bad cramps, headache, sweats...just motion in my stomach. It started almost immediately &amp; now 1/2 an hour has passed and I am still waiting..Will keep you posted...
i was diagnosed in 2014, and I can honestly say it has been a very difficult disease to handle......though I know there are much worse out there. I was put on Diamox and my headaches or vision problems did not improve, in fact they got worse.  I have had more migraines since starting this than I ever did before.  The side effects are awful........no appetite, foggy head (I am barely able to function day to day), nausea, everything you try to eat tastes AWFUL.  I am glad this has worked for some, but I can not continue taking it.
Daughter age 15 took overdose of accutane in attempted suicide. Treated in emergency room and admitted to children 's psychiatric hospital for one month. Treated by psychiatrists into young adulthood.There was no definitive linkage made and no investigation to find one. This took place in early 90s and the risk of depression and suicide might not have been well known. Anyone using this drug should be extremely vigilant, especially if patient is a teenager..
Reading all these positive comments is great. I think Mirena is not for everyone. I had mine done last July 2011. First month it was fine. Unfortunately since then it went down hill I have my period for 20 days and then 6 of spotting so that gives me 2 days of rest. I had ultrasound done to see if it was inserted properly and it is.I am 37 and have two children already. I thought having Mirena would be a great protection. I made an appointment for next month to be removed. I can%u2019t deal with this.
This pill is absolute POISON!!! I only took it for a week and a half and ended up in the emergency room!  I had a fast heart beat and pulse, tight chest with pain, an extreme anxiety feeling, kidney pain, and my left arm was numb on and off and generally felt out of it and zombie like!!  Before I got fear mongered into taking it I was COMPLETELY NORMAL!!!! I have been trying to get back to normal ever since the ER trip when I got off this poison pill!  There is NO accountability for these drug companies!!  Do not trust these doctors they are drug dealers for the pharmaceutical companies and they don 't care what happens to you!!! Do NOT take this poison!!
I had a night where I did not think and realized I needed to get a Plan B pill about 12-13 hours (basically the next morning). I took it as directed and with food and it said I would get my period within a week. I was due for my period 3 weeks after this incident so I was like ok let 's see what happens.  I want to share that if you are feeling  horny at times about a week and a half after your period ends, you are ovulating and if you have sex while ovulating and they do their thing in you, you are most likely going to end up in that 5%. I am currently 6 weeks pregnant and that was the only sex I had in the last 3 months so thank you Plan B for having me waste $50 and now have to undergo this unwanted pregnancy.
Less nerve pain in legs and feet, but more cramping in legs. No other positive results. No other negative results, to date. Have been taking for almost 1 month.
I got the implant May 2 2015. I didn 't bleed at all for the first two weeks. But after that I 've been bleeding everyday mostly heavy with clots since. I feel so tired all the time maybe due to the bleeding but also I have been gaining weight and I 'm not much of an eater anyways. I know my doctor said bleeding can last up to 6 months but this is horrible and I will remove this once I get another form of BC.
Had not been on birth control for many years and decided that I should go back on as my husband and I were not planning to have kids.  I had previously been on Loestrin years before for painful periods and heavy bleeding, but after taking that for a few years those side effects diminished and I stopped taking birth control.  With Ortho-Cept my periods immediately started getting extremely painful again, maybe even worse than in the past.  Also, I developed symptoms of Acid Reflux which I have never had before (it is a gross feeling).  Have always had decent sized breasts but with Ortho-Cept I gained probably about 15 pounds and became a triple D.  Also was nauseous all the time.  Anxious to switch back to LoEstrin!!
Cannot get it to stay on. Don 't know why anyone would recommend it. Went thru 3 patches in 3 days because they do not stick, wouldn 't even stay on with waterproof tape over it. Insurance won 't pay for another box of 4 which should last a month.
I  had a hysterectomy 10 years ago and having dryness problem so Dr prescribed this. After using this for about 6 weeks I started cramping  like I was beginning to start my period again and my breasts were hurting so bad just like the old days!  Called my doctor was taken off of it immediately due to previous breast cancer and she said the estrogen from it gets in the bloodstream.
I have Anklosing spondylitis, arthritis in many joints, fibromyalgia and diabetic neuropathy. I 'm taking 8 of these 500mg pills a day and it is not cutting my pain.
So, I was a 18 years old perfectly healthy and in good shape, but I was severely depressed and with some emotional issues. So I went to therapy (good decision) but she told that I was supposed to take something for my mood, so I started effexor, and have almost no side effects from it but also didn 't really improved my mood, so I went to the highest dosage since I didn 't had side effects, and after 8 months on it i just went cold turkey(i know) and basically i had over 100 side effects ever since its been over a year and i still have side effects, i could not sleep for days, i went hypomaniac, and MUCH more to this day i feel pain and numbness in my body and severe coordination and cognitive problems nothing seems to get better.
I 've tried several antidepressants for anxiety and depression with moderate success, however this one takes the cake for being absolutely awful. Within hours of taking it, I experienced my depression returning. I noticed a pattern that every single time I took a dose of this medication (even at the lowest dose of 10mg) I had dark thoughts, low moods, and even sporadic suicidal thoughts. I did a test and did not take this medication for one day. It was like a night/day difference. No gloomy thoughts at all! I also want to mention that I can generally tolerate most antidepressants, however I would beware of this one. This medication may work for some, but it really did not work for me.
I&rsquo;m currently in month 11 of a Pristiq taper. I have tried several times over the past 20 years to stop SSRI or SNRI including Effexor and Pristiq but have experienced such horrible withdrawal symptoms that I have not been able to stop taking them. So basically I have been dependant on these drugs for 20 years, not because I really need them, but because my brain reacts violently due to withdrawal. This time I&rsquo;m reducing the dose extremely slowly and it has been better than previous attempts, although I&rsquo;m finding the past few weeks very, very difficult because I&rsquo;m down to a quarter of a tablet every two days. I&rsquo;ve been reducing the dose about 12mg-25mg at a time and staying on that dose for one month. This is the most horrible and difficult thing I have ever experienced in my life and my heart goes out to all of you who are suffering and fighting to survive this hell. I &lsquo;m also astounded, disappointed and angry at all of the doctors and Psychiatrists who are so dismissive of this real condition and who have ignored my fears about the withdrawal syndrome and then labelled me as a &lsquo;chronic depressive&rsquo;. I hope one day this comes to public the attention and that the medical profession finally acknowledges the seriousness of this growing problem and that many people need help. The same kind of long term FREE medical rehabilitation that drug addicts and alcoholics are given.
This drug was absolutely horrible. It made me not be able to breathe and I had to be rushed to the ER. All the doctors told me they didn 't think it was the pill but I went off of it and all the breathing troubles stopped. I do not recommend this pill because it made my sister sick as well.
I take 8 mg, 2 pills a day; 1 teaspoon of milk of magnesia at night; worked great for a month, then stopped.  I am either not going or runny stools; TERRIBLE gas and bloating; affecting my entire life; I take gas-x and charcoal tablets daily; no real consistent relief but runny stools is better than nothing for me; no nausea with food.
I have been on Pristiq for 3 months and I have not been doing well.  My doctor has told me to try and keep taking it. Now I have upped my dose to 100mg but feel like my depression is getting worse. I need to try something else and fast.
Horrible and vile tasting. Who thought this was better? No thanks. Gagged and finally forced down bottle one.  Very effective laxative but the taste is nauseating!!! Will refuse this next time.
I had my first implanon six years ago after my second child and I didn 't get my period for 2 years, weight gain, mood swing and  that was with the old Implanon. Then the second implanon was as bad as the first mood swing and weight gain but I managed to lose lots of weight due to diet and exercise. I wasn 't really aware that those side effects in the past were the result of the implanon until I got the third implanon inserted six months ago, I had weeks of heavy bleeding, zero libido, weight gain like crazy in such a short time10kg!!! (I eat healthy diet and exercise). I developed acne on my chest, shoulders and head, bloated, mood swings, excrutiating lower back pain. I took out the implanon 3 weeks ago and plan to try on Mirena instead.
ive taken this pill one month and so far the first week I was absolutely fine then the second week I started to be a little bit down and then the third week I literally cried at least 3 times a day. I became very tired and I had no motivation to do anything I slept 12-14 hours or I didn 't sleep at all I 've been angry and irritable for the slightest things I am 15 and normally I 'm a very bubbly positive energetic person and I don 't even feel like me anymore and ive been really depressed. I 'm very highly disappointed with this pill it was the first birth control I 've ever used I used it to regulate my period so far it 's done its job I suppose however the side effects and mood that I 've been in are most certainly not worth it don 't take it.
This is the first anxiety medicine I have ever been on, and it is by far the worst experience ever. My moods are anxious, depressed, and irritable. At first, I thought I was just overwhelmed with school and work, after reading some other reviews, I realized it 's the Buspar doing it to me. If I take one due to an anxiety attack, about an hour later I am crying and talking about how much I hate myself, then about 30 minutes after that stops, I get extremely irritable and everything makes me mad. I 've quit taking it until my follow up appointment and I can get it changed. I will never try this again.
If you take Loestrin prepare to ruin many pairs of underwear with random spotting. I have been taking this medication consistently for several months now and have decided enough is enough. Accompanying the random bleeding (it 's quite a lot) there is horrific cramping. Pretty much it 's like having a period all month. Also, alongside this comes the added side effects of weight gain and disastrous PMS. I used to not take birth control and I could manage my mood effectively before and during my menstruation. Now, it 's a nightmare of hormones, I usually have an emotional outburst and then, not surprisingly, period spotting. I swear, I wish I had never taken this medication. Would rather suffer my symptoms of endometriosis without these meds :(
I had an awful experience with this medication. It hardly cleared my acne and made me have a menstrual cycle every two weeks!
Worst pill i have ever took . After 14 hours after taking the pill . I feel tyred , muscles pain ... Same symptoms as whe you have flue . Didn 't have any of these simpthoms before taking the pill . Just the rhinitis. Which by the way is still there but less simptomatic.
I got Nexplanon inserted less than a month after my daughter was born .  I am going on three years of having Nexplanon on my arm and I have not been able to have intercourse without pain.   Painful sex that makes you cry painful sex that makes you depressed because you want to feel the love but you can 't because it hurts so bad .  My partner suffered he wanted to love me he wanted to have intercourse and I was so traumatized which made it worse .  I felt like my vagina muscles contracted involuntarily and the more I thought about the pain the more the muscles contracted .   The reason why I am giving this three points is because Nexplanon  did prevent me from getting pregnant but at what cost ?I also have 0 Sex Drive
I had a severe allergic reaction within 1 1/2 hours of taking my first dose.  Pounding heartbeat, redness and fainted for the first time in 57 years of life.  I was rushed to the hospital and given steroids and Benadryl to counteract the effects.  My blood pressure dropped from a normal 135/80 to 90/45. 
I have suffered depression all my life but was never prescribed anything for it till June,  my wife says my anger and depression was boiling over so I agreed to see my doctor.  Canadian doctors may be free but they are absolutely useless... alls they do is write prescriptions and push you out the door.  Took it for two weeks then quit, went back to see my doctor a month later and he had no idea why I was there,  after jogging his memory he told me took keep taking it for a year and to come back once a month. That was two months ago my wife still thinks I 'm taking this crap lol fooled her. I hide it in a basement drawer.   Waste of money.
Not recommended at all.I didn 't get period for two months, but after that I was on my period for two weeks with lots of pain, it was annoying. I usually don 't have pain on my days, but during those two weeks, the bleeding and pain were horrible
this was the first form of birth control pill that I have ever taken and it was horrible I had constant bleeding my period was a mess I had constant mood swings and it would be extremely hard for me to get wet during sex I would also get really dry at times while having sex with my partner. This drug is ask terribly over priced my insurance was no longer coveri it and I had to pay $100 out of my pocket for one month! After 3 months of being on the drug I asked my doctor if I could change to another one and ever since then this new birth control has been amazing.
The first few days I had crushing migraines and dizziness.  I began getting headaches around week 6 again but, didn 't associate it with the meds because 5 weeks passed with no side effects.  Then my left eye began to droop and blur my vision.  I thought it was due to botox.  The eye drooped to almost closed, then my cheek fell and a few days later I had trouble speaking.  Rushed to the ER and got an MRI, CT etc to rule out a stroke.  ZERO findings.  They said Botox was the cause.  My symptoms have come and gone, which would not be botox reaction.  Today, my vision is blurred to the point that I cant drive and eye barely open.  I just figured out that the eye opens when I miss a dose!!!  NOT WORTH IT.  My hospital bill is going to be HUGE
I was on this for Bipolar II, but diagnosis later withdrawn. This drug.  Knocks.  You.  Out.  And it also gives you tremors, so don 't plan to do precision anything if you 're on it.  It dehydrates you and makes you have to pee a lot.
I had the nexplanon implant put in, in September of 2014, the incertion was painless because they numbed the area first. I had a ton of bruising at the site and the pain and bruising lasted a while. I had one period the week after I got the nexplanon but it was light and lasted maybe 5 days.. Then no period at all. I started noticing weight gain, about 15 pounds and for my height it showed a lot. I was nauseous everyday, very moody, and stressed out for no reason. I got it out 2 days ago and I already feel better. Not nauseous at all, and I was nauseous for 9 months everyday. I wouldn 't recommend this just because of how it made me feel, but it may work for other people. On the bright side I had no period..
Worst birth control ever, make me sick, I have headaches since the day 1, mood swings, anxious , was feeling terrible, so I found out that a lot of people taking this birth control are having the same conditions, so I stoped, the next day my headache was gone.
I have been on Seasonale for almost a year and I am switching to Sprintec. I am switching because the breakthrough bleeding and cramping became ridiculous. I would have my withdrawal bleed, have about 1-2 months of peace, then the spotting began and would not stop. I 'd double up for 3-4 days or however long it took to stop it then go back on 1 pill when the spotting stopped. 2 weeks later the spotting would return, rinse and repeat. The cramps during the breakthrough bleeding were worse than the cramps during the withdrawal bleed! I 've had enough of this pill and am switching to Sprintec and hoping for the best.
This is the first review I 've ever wrote in life. I say that to say, this is how horrible Xulane is, so bad that I had to write a review about it. I started the patch 3 weeks ago. I was very excited because I didn 't have to take pills, which means you have to remember to take them everyday. With the patch you just have to wear/change them once a week. First week of using the patch I notice a difference in my body. I was very nauseous, migraines was almost everyday, and loss of appetite. Second week, I was very very emotional, I would cry for no reason along with being very moody. I 'm literally nauseous everyday now, I have vomit a few times. Long story short, I have pregnant symptoms. STAY AWAY FROM THE PATCH!! It 's horrible!
I took it when I was felt a migraine coming on and I experienced dizziness, memory loss, shakiness and a fever. I had used it before with no problems.
Don 't do it......after taking this for about two weeks.  I found myself becoming suicidal.  As a veteran with PTSD I highly recommend anybody that 's on antidepressants or antipsychotics to stay away from this prescription.
I was on depo for only a few months, I will say your better off being pregnant. You feel every symptom of pregnancy and even get a prego tummy. Seriously everyone asks me if I am pregnant. Its so embarrassing, The symptoms are the worst. I 've had the worst acne break out. Pains in my stomach. I can 't stop gaining weight in my stomach. Good news is it does prevent pregnancy, but its honestly not worth everything you go through. Like those weird medications that say you may die but its 60% effective. All I am saying is depo will change your life and in a not so lucky way. I would have rather of just been pregnant. Instead I look and feel pregnant with no baby. Mind you I am a skinny person very petite, its extremely noticeable
Terrible akathisia.
I posted on here a couple of days ago to say I was starting Esitalo. Well, 3rd day in and I had the worst panic attack of my life, passed out, vomited, was dripping with sweat. The first 2 days were so easy but have decided not to keep taking it. Will head back to my doctor. Don 't think this drug is for me.
Stay away! I got my first shot September 22, 2015. I was good no bleeding or anything! November 16, 2015.... The bleeding started and I have been bleeding every since. In December I stopped for about a week before Christmas. It started again in full force. I thought the bleeding was due to my fibroids that I had removed in January of 2016. They gave me a second shot on December 29th and here it is, after I had my surgery, I am STILL bleeding. So now o know that the bleeding wasn 't caused by the fibroids, but the removal of the fibroids did cause my bleeding to be light and not as heavy as it was. I hate this shot and I will be glad when it wears off! I will never get this mess again 
Only took Xarelto for 6 days when I started having urinary bleeding.
Took it for basilar type migraines triggered by fibromyalgia due to a car accident when I was 12. Botox works too well in me. All the surrounding muscle of each trigger point injected locked up.  This works great in my mother who has a different type of migraine
For the past few years, five years to be exact, I have struggled with acne pretty badly. The beginning of this year (February) I decided to try and do something about it, I went to my nearby Planned Parenthood and got prescribed to Ortho Tri Cyclen. I went to my local pharmacy to pick up my pills only to see they had given me Tri Sprintec as it was moderately cheaper and &quot;made of the same ingredients&quot;. I have not had many problems on this pill.. no weight gain, no cramps, no nausea... but my face... it got extremely worse. My entire right side of my cheek and my chin broke out in large patches of cystic acne.... only to have it clear up significantly during my placebo pill week...In fact I have heard many stories of the brand name/generic having extremely different affects on some people... so within the next few days I 'm switching over to the brand name and hoping for the best.
Started out with 5 mg 3 months ago.  Began having slight external itching after about a month.  Never turned into an internal yeast infection.  It was off and on.  Started taking 10 mg about 10 days  ago and it turned into an &ldquo;worse itch ever &rdquo;.  Awful!  Couldn&rsquo;t tell much difference in going to the bathroom nor a change in my blood sugar.  Did not help A1c.  I would rather fight high blood sugar than take this medication.!!
Made me so sick for about 8 hours and no bm.This medicine is dangerous!! I would have called 911 but was in so much pain I couldn 't even speak!!
After six months of taking it, it didn 't do a thing. 
I was on this patch for about 3 months, then it stopped working right and was giving me irregular periods and making me really sick. When I finally stop using it last November, I had symptoms of withdrawal and the sickness I was feeling before was intensified. I had not realized it at the time but the patch was majorly affecting my mood, to the point where I would snap at my boyfriend for flicking through channels the wrong way. Now that I am off it and it is all out of my system, I am finally getting back to normal and am myself again. 
Soon after beginning Contrave I began to feel really wonky, couldn 't sleep no matter how I tried. As much as I wanted to quit, I gave it 6 weeks anyway. Like many medications, thought the side effects would pass. They didn 't. I titrated off as my doctor recommended. A month and a half later, I no longer feel wonky, but still only getting 2-3 hours of sleep a night. My son in law has been on it a year, working hard to change his life. But even as active as he is, surfer, runner, skateboarding, he 's lost a whole 12 pounds. Just not worth it.
It worked for the first 6 months, but now I can 't stay awake or do anything productive, and if I miss a dose I get brain shocks and debilitating migraines, so I 'm weaning off it with help from the doc
My gyno switched me from Teva (brand name) to a generic. The generic wreaked HAVOC on my moods. As someone who suffered from bad PMS already I was led to believe this would help. Did quite the opposite. Triggered months long depression and anxiety. I had preexisting problems with both that were exacerbated by this pill. After wasting at least $800 dollars seeing a shrink and going off of the pill I went to see a psychiatrist who put me on Lexapro which has made me feel a million times better. I know everyone reacts differently to different pills, but I would warn someone with a genetic predisposition to depression and anxiety to be VERY careful going on this pill. Doctors don 't always care enough to listen before they prescribe medicine.
I was facing difficulties in urination. Every 15 min there is urge of urination but only little urine passes. All reports were normal. Still my docter advised  me to take  silodocin and levofloxacin.Now my experience - both medicine have very bad side effects especially silodocin. The main side effect is retrograde ejaculation I have taken only 2 dose of both I don 't know about the side effect of medicine so I was really very scared. After discontinuation silodocin it took 36 hour to go away retrograde ejaculation. 
Niaspan was prescribed by my doctor for Lipid Protein little a.  My cholestrol was about 400+.  I took one dose (500mg) at night and within 30 minutes I was in emergency room with anaphylactic shock. I don 't remember much of anything till I woke up the next morning and was told how bad it almost was for me.  I take 8 statins to maintain a cholesterol of 200.
I started taking Zyprexa over two years ago for intrusive thoughts I was having as a result of Obsessive compulsive disorder/depression.  While the Zyprexa helped remove intrusive thinking, it added about thirty pounds onto my slender frame, made me severely tired, and took away my sex drive.  In addition to these adverse effects, I was unmotivated/uninterested in many activities that used to give me pleasure. I had a &quot;so what&quot; attitude about life in general.  All because of this medicine.  What really frightened me about taking this was my cholesterol went sky high, and my blood sugar was also very high, making me an at risk candidate for diabetes.  I am finally off of this. 
This is the first ever experience I 've had with extreme side effects from a medication. This has been the worst experience of my life. I 've been taking it at 9:30 every night. I wake up in the middle of the night at 5:00 am every night with extreme nausea, something that I didn 't experience before taking this. When I wake up in the morning I instantly feel dizzy and nauseous. This continues on throughout the day. Half way through the day the anxiety starts to take over. I start to experience shortness of breath, shaking, and light headedness. Once the panic attack ends, I get a headache more towards 5:00pm-6:00pm. This has been happening every day since I started this pill, and I 'm just told to &quot;keep pushing through.&quot;
The patches stopped working so this was last on the list to try. Dr. gave me a sample to try. Not very effective and Way Way overpriced. Will be trying compounded version. Wake up drug companies there are a lot of us baby boomers suffering from menopause who will not go quietly into the night. Especially when we 're expected to keep working until 66.
I was prescribed 50 mg. 1st day I could literally feel the release of the medication. During the lag of the release I would get headaches, become tired, irritable and frustrated with every situation and conversation. By evening time I couldn 't carry a conversation without forgetting prior known facts. Saturday ,I was completely not myself. On top of how I felt Friday I was emotional, had down thoughts, I couldn 't follow a time line: I was late for everything. Sunday seemed to be better but not by much. Monday..horrible it was like I added Friday and Saturday symptoms together then add in horrible chest pain, shortness of breath, constant feeling of about to faint, fever, flu symptoms, hot/cold, exhausted but not able to sleep, &amp; more symptoms. I refuse to take another dose
Very expensive,  $55 co-pay and I have been using this exactly as directed for 1 month on my pinky toe with absolutely ZERO results. My toenail looks exactly the same. There is no way the FDA has tried this out, probably fake results sent in by the makers of this medication.  Too many people are saying the same thing about this medication not working! It 's time for a investigation into the matter.
I had a severe reaction to this medication. I will never recommend this to anyone!! Severe acne all over my face, neck, chest, &amp; back. I gained 6 lbs in the first week, and then 3 more the next week.  I had a headache that never went away.
For me this has been the worse medicine in the world.  I took it four days and thought I would be crazy. I hate going to the hospital  but I couldn 't handle it any longer.  Wow I felt so depressed, so sad, terrible but my friend told me stop this medicine and drink hot tea black tea. I did four times wow I felt another person ,
Tamiflu made me so sick....I already had the flu and tamiflu made me vomit.  Terrible drug. Costly and so not worth it.
Today I started my prep at 4pm as instructed. I then drank a container of broth 32 ounces, ginger ale, and water.  Way more than the &amp; cups I was prescribed. All this caused was nausea and stomach cramps.  Not one BM.  Second dose at 8pm.  Already up to 40 ounces of fluids. I feel bloated. Nothing else.  I haven 't eaten in 24 hours.   Thankfully it was a sample.
I 've used other forms of this patch which works like a miracle pain remedy and would find pain relief instead of taking opioids which weren 't working anyway. However, to my misfortune they do not make any other patch that I 'm aware of anymore aside for these Mylan Lidoderm patches and THESE DO NOT STICK TO THE SKIN! I 've tried everything to make the patches stick from putting tape (which I 'm shouldn 't have to do), to rubbing it on.  These patches need to be re-made to stick!! PLEASE...PLEASE...the OTHER ONES  .. HELPED WITH MY PAIN from a 10 to a 3 with the one 's that stick!! For me that 's great, I 'm happy!!
I 'm happy to see that Chantix helped ppl. We all know cigarettes are not healthy, tax your breathing, make you a social pariah, etc., And then there 's the ridiculous cost. Which is why I wanted to stop; for all the reasons listed above.I knew, from the commercial, this could make me depressed and suicidal. I thought it was the common disclaimer to avoid liability if I decide to stop smoking but jump off a bridge.  Which is where I was pretty quickly into it. I felt like a zombie, was ridiculously tired. No matter how much sleep I got, was tired. And sad. Cigarettes lost their appeal. As did everything else. I was/am extremely congested, sad, &quot;lost,&quot; hopeless. My teeth hurt. !? I also had strange smells.Good news- stopping abruptly is OK
I just did a week of 25mg. I haven 't noticed a difference. I haven 't had bad side effects either. Tomorrow I will up the dose to 50mg. I 'll be posting again next week.
I gained weight very quickly while taking this.
I was diagnosed 6 months ago with Colitis. I started taking Asacol 400mg 3x a day. I felt great immediately after the 3rd pill. No diarrhea for 2 whole days! Last night my stomach started that weird rumbling noise. About an hour later, I had a severe headache! One of the worst I have ever had! I was on my 10th pill. One of the side effects of this medication. Be careful, always call your Dr. if you have any side effects with this medication. I stopped taking this medicine, did not work for me.
Worst birth control ever, make me sick, I have headaches since the day 1, mood swings, anxious , was feeling terrible, so I found out that a lot of people taking this birth control are having the same conditions, so I stoped, the next day my headache was gone.
I 'm 6 weeks into this pill. I have PMDD and treat it with other Medication but it makes me sad and depressed even with the other medication. The anxiety is through the roof.  This pill makes me so tired. I also have horrible night sweats every night. I also can 't sleep. The insomnia is awful. Headaches everyday. I have spent the last month trying to figure out what my deal was and its this awful pill. I thought I may of had another condition. The idea of 4 periods a year is amazing but this pill just isn 't worth it. I am stopping this pill ASAP and hoping that everything returns to normal in a few days. Oh and the fact that I have completely lost my sex drive! Yeah that sucks too. I just want to sleep and not sweat at night.
I 've been on Armour thyroid for 4 months or so and I 've lost no weight and I 'm tired all the time, also gained weight. Having hot flashes and night sweats and I 've been feeling dizzy. My TSH is low along with my T3 and T4. It 's time to switch medicines once again. I 've been on 2 other medicines and nothing is helping me I 'm so frustrated. I need some help, anyone know of a better medicine out there? 
Made my anxiety even worse, was unable to make it past a couple weeks.
I had hair loss and lack of appetite when I had Mirena.  I always felt sick.  When I got it out I had delayed return of fertility for 3.5 years.
I actually came on this site to read about Voltaren gel to see if its effects were supposed to be cumulative--if, that is, I was supposed to start getting relief after several applications of the gel.  Unfortunately, I found out that it is supposed to work to relieve the pain each time it is used.  It certainly doesn 't do this for me--I may as well be applying lotion for all the good it does me.  It really does nothing at all.I 'm really disappointed, as my pain management doctor just weaned me off of narcotics, so I don 't have anything that helps with the pain at the moment.  I 'll have to go see him again to get something else. It is so frustrating to try to find something that works, since everyone is different.
I took this drug for 6 days. On the third day my sugar dropped to 60. On the sixth day it did it again - hypoglycaemic.. take at your own risk!! very bad drug
I was prescribed Tamiflu for the obvious reason, to lessen the duration of my flu symptoms. WORST MISTAKE EVER. The nausea was the worst I have ever experienced.   The vomiting was worse than just puking on the flu itself. The nausea and vomiting lasted about 4-5 hours after taking Tamiflu. I would never waste my money on this drug again.
I do not like Lyza. Been making me gain weight and I haven 't had my period in 2 months . And I KNOW I 'm not pregnant because I haven 't had sex in like 6-7 months.
After having an accident at work a few years ago I wasn 't falling asleep until the sun came up because of chronic pain.  My muscle relaxers and pain medicines were no longer giving me enough relief to sleep at night so my doctor put me on Ambien CR.  After about 2 weeks I had to stop taking it because I was hallucinating, I was suffering from severe anxiety, I had tremors, I don 't have enough room here to list everything.  I am now on Restoril and I don 't have any side effects at all.
OK SO IF YOU DON 'T LISTEN TO THESE HORRIBLE REVIEWS AND YOU GET THE SHOT ANYWAY, YOU 'RE A NEW KIND OF SILLY. I got my first depo shot in April 2016. I started to notice a slight loss of sex drive after a few weeks. I then started bleeding moderately about 4 weeks in &amp; I never stopped bleeding (I 'd go for a maximum of 2 days without bleeding). Some days were light and only required a panty liner, some were heavy and required a super-plus tampon change every hour. I went back for a second shot in July 2016 because my Dr. said it was just my body getting used to the shot. Guess what? That was rubbish. I now go a max of one week between bleeding and it 's been almost 9 months since my last shot HAHA I want to sue the creators of this drug
After taking Ceftin (Cefuroxime) for 3 days, my throat swelled and my chest became more constricted. It felt as though I could not swallow well. I was dizzy, and anxious. I consulted the pharmacist who told me to take a Benadryl and if I didn 't improve quickly, to get myself to the hospital. Within 5 minutes of taking the Benadryl I could feel my throat relaxing. After relating this situation to my daughter, she told me she had a similar experience with this drug when it was prescribed for her a year ago. 
I was given this medicine in hospital to help with pain/nerve damage after a ruptured disc. BEWARE it made me suicidal! I am a normal, healthy person but after a week or so on this, I started sobbing almost all the time and was in total despair. Fortunately, my husband worked out what the stimulus was and I was told to stop taking the medicine immediately. This was recommended as the withdrawal effects would be better than carrying on with it and weaning off. It took a couple of weeks but I could only have close friends around who understood that at any moment, a wave of crying would over take me but wouldn 't last.
During a stint in the hospital, I took the generic for about a month with lithium, seroquel and lamictal. I also recieved Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation during that time. I was very hopeful about all of these treatments, but things got worse. I am normally a very verbal person who expresses herself by writing, making jokes, etc, but after a few weeks of these combined treatments I found it much more difficult to write, and I still do; 4 months later.
Breakthrough bleeding, headaches ,nausea, bloating....Have been bleeding for almost two weeks. On the fourth week of the first packet.
First time writing on here. Been on Effexor (instant release tablets) over 4 years. Average dose I hovered around was 400mg/day. At first I liked how it made me WANT to get out of bed in the morning, upped energy levels, &amp; didn 't turn me into a Zombie. After a few months of this, I started getting a 2-3 hour block in the day when I 'd have indirect immobilizing anxiety. Thus my DOC threw Wellbutrin at me which did tone that down, for awhile. Then very slowly and without me attributing the following behaviors to the Effexor, I started to: take the first half of the day to  'get going ', get dizzy 80% of the time &amp; always out of breath, binge drink for a few month-long chunks on end, not sleep, lose weight, become rather apathetic over more &amp; more.
My new doctor put me on this birth control to try to ease my ovarian pain and severe cramping. After only a week of taking it my skin became extremely oily, when I normally have dry skin, and my skin began to break out. It made me bleed non-stop and didn 't help with any of my PMS symptoms, if anything it made them worse. I 've tried several other birth controls and this might be the worst one.
HATE HATE HATE HATE this pill. I had to get on this because my bp was a little high on 2 of my visits. No one seems to have any real answers to my questions. Nurses just say the same thing i read online. No schedule so you can have period 2x a month or none at all. Could last 5 days or longer. You never know when you are truly off your period.  i have been on for i guess you can say 2 months cause this is my 2nd pack that i am almost finishing. Imagine my surprise when i go out to movies and use the restroom theres blood on my panties. What a way to end date night.  Does anyone know of any other progestrin only pill that is more regulated?
I 've been on depression and anxiety medicine my whole life. I 've dealt with some crappy medications EFFEXOR was by far the worst thing ever. I 'm a 20 year old college student so I need to always be motivated. This medicine has caused everything in my life to go down hill. My grades are falling, I 'm constantly angry, and feel sick and not wanting to eat. I LOVE TO EAT so this concerned me very much. And today I wasn 't able to get my pills refilled in time, because I 've been ridiculously lazy. So now I 'm going through the flu symptoms that come along with this medication if you don 't take it. I feel like balling my eyes out. Because every move I make right now makes me feel like I 'm going to throw up. Don 't take this medication. It 's not worth it.
I was advised to use the Systane Ultra by my optom, but the irritiation it caused and splitting and crusting of the skin around my eyes has been unbearable.  The skin around my eyes is itchy and crusty and splitting at the corners. My vision is blurred and worse for using it. It will take a few days to settle down it seems but I wont be using it again!
This medicine did not touch my pain, and it gave me insomnia as well.
I have been on this birth control for years because of my migraines with aura. After two years, I had gained like thirty pounds (without ever changing my habits) and started experiencing constant spotting. Basically I 'm on my period like 70% of the month. The doctors highly suggested I switch to an IUD but I 'm just not down with it. So I stopped taking the birth control and everything went back to normal pretty quickly. I was also able to drop fifteen pounds. I began taking the pill again after a six-month break about two months ago. Sure enough, the weight AND the constant spotting has returned. I think I better stop with this pill altogether. Lame.
Okay I 'm here for you ladies!!!! My vagina started itching and burning and it was super super uncomfortable. I couldn 't take the itching at ALL!. I didn 't have time to go to the doctor so I diagnosed myself with a yeast infection because I 've had it one other time so I knew what I had. I went to the doctor and she diagnosed me with a yeast infection... anyways. I used Vagasil for the itching and burning and it helped but not completely. I wanted something quicker so I went to CVS and a Pharmacist directed me to &quot;Monistat 1.&quot; My experience... DO NOT USE: STAY AWAY!!! My symptoms WORSENED. I went to the ER and she gave me an anti fungal capsule to take orally. MY ADVICE- use vagisal, apple cider vinegar. It 's easy to cure!!
I was given Bactrim for a UTI in November 2016. On day 2 my entire lower half of my body became numb. And I mean all of it including the female parts. I was convinced I had MS, Lou Gehrig disease, or even piraformis nerve entrapment. I looked them all up and never in a million years thought it was related to the antibiotic, never even crossed my mind. Nothing made sense that was happening to me. I had to hold onto walls to walk and the nerve and numbness pain was unbelievable. I had no insurance so really never got checked out. When my mom randomly said her friend had a terrible reaction to this drug I started reading. I put it all together and all of my symptoms are because of this. It is now February and I have 80% of feeling back. But still not in female area or left foot but am hopeful I will continue to improve but takes a LONG time. This is the worst experience I have ever gone thru in my life. And, I HAD taken this drug before so you never know.
I was put in a mental hospital (Involuntarily) and was given alprazolam 2mg bar as a anxiety med. This med completely knocked me out. When I woke up I didn 't have any idea what I had done before I took the pill and I didn 't remember falling asleep. I think this medication can be really dangerous if not taken responsibly and I would not recommend this medication at all.
I used to take Lowestrin 24 Fe 8 years ago. I have been taking Minstarin for 3 months now and Doc switched me to Nuvaring.Pros: No period. No babies.Cons: Severe Depression, Mood Swings, Paranoia, 25lb gain, Sleep insomniaI went to the therapist to figure out what was wrong with me and I saw a specialist and they have narrowed it to the Birth Control.Minastrin may not be right for everyone.
I have been on daily birth control for about 10 years.  Recently my doctor told me that Ocella (my previous BC) was known to cause blood clots in women like me under 35, and she recommended switching.  She put me on Lo Loestrin Fe about three months ago.  I 've now had a headache for almost 6 weeks straight, most days are so bad that I have to take Excedrin or Ibuprofen, I 'm anxious most of the time, not sleeping well - and now it 's gotten to the point where my coworkers and family are noticing.  So I went to my primary care physician worried that I was depressed and he said I need to get off of this BC and try something new.  In general, I 'm just really disappointed.  I 've read a lot of reviews that people do well on Lo Lo, but not me!
I had the Mirena coil fitted to try and stop irregular heavy periods. After a few weeks my hair started falling out. I also put on about half a stone in weight despite sticking to my low carb diet that I had already lost three and half stone in 7months. I had virtually constant bleeding for three months. When I twigged that the hairloss was most likely due to the coil I got it removed by my GP. It is now three weeks since it was removed and the hairloss appears to have stopped. The bleeding has also stopped for over two weeks. .
On Mirapex for yrs. worked to perfection. Switched by pharmacy to paracetamol 3 months ago.( which is how long it takes for mirapex to completed get out of the body) Lo and behold once again the restlessness rears its ugly head. No sleep for two nights!Not all generics work.MORE investigation is needed
My experience with Effexor was abnormal but still scary. My psychiatrist prescribed me 37.5 mg of Effexor XR. After a few days of taking it, I had a decrease in appetite, nausea, upset stomach, and some dizziness but I was told that was normal. However, after a week, I felt as though I had no more emotions. My memory became terrible and I felt emotionally dead inside l. Some moments I couldn 't get out of bed and others, I couldn 't sit still. After two weeks, she increased my dose to 75 mg. Within two hours of taking that dose, I was rushed to the ER because of intense stomach upset, diahrrea and dangerously low blood pressure whenever I stood or sat up. After the ER, I quit cold turkey and had withdrawal symptoms for only a week.
I am not happy. After taking the medication for a year without any effects (positive or negative) I stopped taking the medication. Why should I bother to take it if i did not have any reduction on psoriasis?
I had a horrible experience with this drug!! After 4 days of starting Pristiq I starting having massive anxiety and panic attacks!! I could not sleep for the life of me!! It felt like I had a constant rush of adrenaline!!! I had to be admitted to the psych ward because I went into psychosis. I stuck it out for three weeks hoping that I would find relief from my crippling depression. No!! I was more depressed, sleep deprived, constant panic. I knew the drug was causing more pain than I started off with. Every drug is different. Writing this in case someone else is having the same experience. Was switched to amitrypraline and am starting to see small improvements. If you are having horrible side effects tell your doc!!! Wishing you the Best!
Horrible pain and Nerve damage in my feet after one pill.  Couldn 't walk normally for over a month and had to roll around in a chair.  Turns out I didn 't even have the UTI they prescribed it for, but the nerves will still get painful and make walking hard today, which is 6 years later.  I wouldn 't recommend taking this unless your infection is life threatening!
My Dr, prescribed this to help in falling a sleep.  I have taken it in the past and never had any luck,  I take 50mg at 9PM  and two hours later still wide awake. I took another 50mg and never did fall a sleep.  Not impressed.
Take it from me that has chronic pain for over 35 years and will try anything to get out of pain. My doctor gave me a prescription for gabapentin and wow what a nightmare after years of taking it!! your will lose your memory!! Please take some advice get off it as soon as you can. This will ruin your life or memory that is for sure. Just remember you have been warned. It does not work for pain or nerves like they say!! it;s a shame it took me so many years to get away from that junk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SEVERE Headache (Migraines) and Nausea, some hives and itching after two weeks on medication.  I am allergic to Statins (severe muscle pain), and this was my last resort.  Genetic High Cholesterol.  Diet is my only option at this point.  I am a 52 year old female, 125 lbs, 5 '5&quot;. Stop taking this after two weeks on samples Doctor gave me.
I was so exited to find this medication.  I had previously been on synthroid and it 's generic for over 20 years with no problems and suddenly became intolerant with debilitating side effects.  We tried adding Cytemel which cause terrible heart palps and then tried Armour also causing terrible heart palps and chest pain, both meds were reduced greatly with the same effect.  I finally found Tirosint and did wonderfully on it for over 6 months, then my stomach had severe issues, through specialists and so many tests, treatments and a whole lot of money we finally stopped Tirosint on a whim.  I 'm all better stomach wise, but out of options otherwise.  Since even compounded T4 uses fillers, I have no more options.
I was prescribed this for my allergies and took it only a couple of times.  I have an auto-immune disorder that causes dry eyes and this medicine made them drier. It also made them itch more and become redder.
I gave the medication some points because once I started taking it I immediately experienced a decrease in appetite.  I took 10 mg In the morning and 10 mg At night.  The first side effect was dry mouth and the second was a crushing headache.  I read this site and decided to work through it.  On day 3 I developed a huge rash on my inner thigh and then on my shoulders.  I had strange nightmares and felt out of sorts.  I then had irritability and snapped at my husband and young son on several occasions after day 5. On day six I stood up and felt dizzy and weird.  I developed anxiety and felt upset. By day 8 my husband and I talked and looked up the contents of the medicine.  Serotonin stood out to me.  I stopped taking it.  Run.
Severe rash over most of my body (especially legs &amp;arms). After biopsy (8 mths later) I stopped the med and the lesion stopped but not until the damage was done.  I believed the doctor knew it was the medicine but would not acknowledge such.  The first month of starting meds I got sick.  The second month really sick.  Though it was the flu with a bad constant cough.  I thought both of my legs were going to be amputated.  I thought I was going to die.  Never in my life have I experienced some heartache and shame. Worst medicine I have every experienced. The Avapro (name brand) did not effect me at all, but the generic, absolutely terrible.
I used the Monistat 7 day treatment because of a yeast infection from antibiotics.  Took first treatment last night and wish I had read this first. Horrific experience after taking the first dose!  Pain, burning, and terrible itching, the same as the majority of people on here.  So I thought well tonight has to be better as there is no way it could be worse than last night. Wrong--it is worse. That will be the last treatment I take of that. I can 't believe how many people have had the same experience!  It should be taken off the market!
Had a migraine for three days that escalated and went to the ER. They have me Reglan with saline. Not only did it do NOTHING for my headache, it put my Restless Leg Syndrome into overdrive affecting my entire body but wouldn 't prescribe anything for that. They attempted to flush it out with more saline to no avail. They eventually gave me Fiorecet and that at least helped, though didn 't stop, the migraine. 
Keppera is NOT a very effective seizure medicine at all. It has caused me to have more seizures rather than reducing the seizures that I have. It seriously NEEDS TO BE TAKEN OFF OF THE MARKET!!! It 's caused me to have more seizures on a daily basis &amp; it has caused me serious cardiovascular problems &amp; it counter acts with the Phenobarbital &amp; it counter acts the Atenolol for my cardiovascular problems that the Keppera has caused me &amp; it has also has caused me to have serious problems with balance &amp; coordination &amp; the side effects of the Keppera is NOT WORTH IT TO ME AT ALL! 
Was taking Augmentin for 4 days and got worse and have been on Doxy for 2 days not doing much better. I can not tolerate it. I have only kept it down one time and I 'm taking anti-nausea medicine with it also. I am unsure what to do now since the doctor said to keep taking it haaa.
I was already diabetic with hypomagnesia issues, hypercholerstolemia, and only a slightly elevated BP 0f 130/80 in the doctor 's office (117/70 outside). My diabetes was well-controlled, but after 3 days on this medication at 25 mg, I had doubled (yes double) my fasting levels and was having significant muscle cramps.  This was the only change.
I was in a car accident in 2014 I had 1 surgery but need another one, I can not afford to be off work right now so I went to a pain dr who first gave me the shots which only gave me relief for 2 days then he gave me tramadol, and it is a joke I took 250 mg with in 1 hr and it only gave me slight pain relief, the dr wanted me to take 100 mg every 8 hrs, that is a joke, I am calling him tomorrow and telling him this stuff DOES NOT WORK...what  is made of?
This stuff is horrible!!! The first gulp and I was ready to throw it up.  I didn 't ' thankfully not the first bottle anyway. It 's like drinking poison.  Than with each bottle you have to literally sit on the toilet for 4 hours each because it takes forever for it to clean you out The second bottle I painfully downed but threw up shortly thereafter.  Than 6 hours after taking the last dose I still have diarrhea! This product should be taken off the shelves or might be more effective than  waterboarding. Do not take this, please ask for a gentler product.  I will never take this again!!!
Getting on this pill was the worst mistake I have ever made. I had impalanon and it was literally the best thing in the world and when my three years came, I thought I 'd give the pill a try. It 's been 5 days since and I have never been more depressed in my life. Worst anxiety attacks.. I even had to leave work yesterday. I cry all the time. I 'm numb. It 's pure hell. Stopping the pill today and calling to get the impalanon back in.
I was on Implanon from May, 2013 until September, 2014! I have been off of the birth control for a year, I miscarried Feb 11th &amp; September 18th 2015! I believe my two miscarriages are caused from this evil birth control... I have a 2 year old &amp; had no problems concieving or carrying him... I don 't suggest this birth control. I beg you don 't get it. I am 20 years, soon to be 21... I now have to go to doctor to see why my miscarriages happened. Which is very heartbreaking for me. I gained weight, was moody (like evil moody), I Had period for like a whole month &amp; swear that was a miscarriage too.
I had a bad reaction to this medicine; trouble breathing, tight throat, cold hands and feet, increased pulse, strong headache, then fatigue. It was very frightening, but did go away after several hours.
I 've taken two doses of Naproven 500mg,, one yesterday evening and one this morning. I 've had no side effects but no pain relief either. I 'm getting depressed with having to put up with this debilitating pain.
The first six months of this pill were a dream. I had been so fed up all the other pills I 've tried. There was no weight gain (I was able to lose my freshman 15) and my sex drive was great, though no improvement or decline of the acne situation. Six months in, I started getting two periods a month and gained 20 pounds in places I 've never gained weight before. My emotions have been absolutely out of control: constantly irritable, always on the verge of tears, and no energy. I 'm still on it for the simple fact that going off it could cause unbearable depression-- I 've tried before. Currently attempting to get to my home gyno and get a new prescription. 
I tried this drug for the first time last night and had to discontinue making dinner for my children as I felt so spaced out and my jaw and body would not stop shaking. My doctor put me on 20mg tabs and it seems like what I have heard is similar to an acid trip it 's now more than 24 hours later and I still don 't feel right maybe it 's just not for me ? Any one had an experience like this ?
Worst allergy medication on the market. Buyer be ware! I cannot stop sneezing and my eyes are watery. Don 't have this issue with Zyrtec. I 'm going back to it!
Nucynta was prescribed by my pain clinic a few months ago. Despite my complaints of severe anxiety, restlessness, elevated blood pressure , restless legs, my skin turning blue, inability to sleep, they continue prescribing it. I am losing my mind. I have  spinal stenosis, DDD , RA and OA with cervical fusion surgery, two total hip replacements and one hip revision. My life is governed by pain. Since I started taking this horrible rx I am losing my mind. I am 69.
My autistic sons behaviors were out of control. Self injury.  After four months and twenty pounds his behaviors came back. He is now an insulin dependant diabetic. I believe the med trigger diabetes. Although I am fully aware diabetes is an autoimmune disease. I caution all parents to have A1C and have a baseline of blood work. It 's not just managing calories. His appetite was insatiable.
Save your money. All positive reviews are written by investors of this product 's stock.
This medication is for my anxiety it knocks me out. I cannot function while on it. My doctor even halfed the dosage. It doesn 't help. I don 't think I 'll ever take it again.
I had Nexplanon placed on March 1st, 2015. The first 3 months I had no period and was feeling great. But by the 4th month I started feeling depressed, very moody, episodes of anxiety, would cry for no reason. I did not feel like myself at all! After a year of having it in, I finally had it removed yesterday. It is truly amazing how much better I feel without the Nexplanon. I had no idea how badly it was affecting me physically and mentally. I do not recommend this to anyone!!!
Before I started taking this I was on Gildess for about 2-3 years. My periods became so much lighter and it just made my skin that much better! I did gain a lot of weight with Gildess in the beginning but it soon shed off after a month or so. I ended up coming off of birth control (worst mistake of my life! I got post birth control acne at its very worse!) anywho, I went back to the doc and she prescribed me prevefim....... I 've been on prevefim for a little under a year and I flipping hate it!! First of all, weight gain wasn 't a problem.. But my acne is not under control at all. She said it was supposed to clear up my skin and it has yet to do any thing! Best thing about it is no babies. Do not use this!
I just want to know how long people are on the periods for  with nexplanon in the arm
This is horrible stuff! I did the gradual dosage-increase starter pack. It was somewhat effective early on, but then it turned bad. I started to have vivid lucid dreams. Kinda cool, but some were quite unpleasant. During the 40mg stage, I involutarily jizzed my pants while at work! How unsettling! I ran out of Viibryd accidentally &amp; went a day without it. BAD brain zaps came in waves, I felt like I was going to jump out of my skin. That part was terrible! I drove to my doctor &amp; immed asked to go back to my former medication. They ordered that to be refilled, but I couldn 't wait the few hours. I had intense malaise &amp; I was super itchy all over like a crackhead. I practically begged for one last Viibryd. The withdrawl was bad! Potent stuff.
My doctor switched me from MS Cotin 10 mg 3 times a day to Embeda 50-2mg 2 times a day.  I am in continous pain now.  It is not working for me.  I have only been taking it for 3 weeks now and I don 't know if it takes awhile to for my body to accept the change or what.  I go to the doctor next week and I 'll see what he says about it.
I have been on Cymbalta for a while and my doctor kept upping my dose because I was seeing no difference in my moods. After being on 90mg daily for weeks and feeling nauseated most of it and still no difference, my doctor took me off of it.
Am new to taking this drug...am very nervous about it and keep staring at the packet..My husband and I had been trying for 4yrs to get pregnant and nothing g seemed to work. We have a 8 and 5 yr old already all done the natural way..So we were stuck to why we couldn 't this time round so off we go to the docs and they give me clomid to try.  Before we started I got pregnant Dec 2013 which was amazing feeling. In may 2014 my baby girl came into the world at 26wks and passed away two days later.. My periods have been all over the place since so have been given tablets again.I think I 'm ready and my brain is saying it 's now or never...by reading all ur stories it works....If anything were to happen I couldn 't cope again...We so want a baby.
I 've been on many different birth controls and this has to be the worst. I started about 2 months ago and I 've been bleeding ever since. I 've been bloated, my appetite has increased however I 've managed to keep it down, and I 've been moody. I hate it!
An absolute nightmare. Within 24 hours of starting the drug I had the worst, WORST stomach cramping and flu-like symptoms including back and neck stiffness, nausea, and a terrible headache. It made me constipated the first two days and on the third I had diarrhea. I made it into the 4th day of treatment and called my doctor to say I couldn 't take it any longer. She said my BV may have cleared by that point and it had, luckily. After stopping treatment it took another 2 days to feel human again. I will NEVER take this drug again. If you have to, you 'd better have a job that will allow you to work from home for the entire course of treatment. Again, a nightmare.
I only have negative reviews for this drug. Avoid !!!! I started with a milder antibiotic finished the course but it relapsed with sinus &amp; chest infection and so I was put on biaxin. My sinus took a month to go but the side effects I could not tolerate were - loss of sleep (NO SLEEP) , no appetite, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, feeling depressed and emotional outbursts. I 'm a very happy person &amp; always around people but this medicine made me go into a shell. It took a lot of effort of my friends &amp; family to get me back to my normal state of mind.
I can 't believe all the great ratings for this. Maybe my skin is just extremely sensitive, but this was the most painful injection I 've ever had in my entire life. I choose though over belly, and I actually screamed so loudly I 'm sure I scared everyone in the reception area. I was not at all prepared for it to hurt as much as it did. The unexpected sharp pain only made my headache worse, and even paired with a shot of Demerol my headache did not clear.
After being on numerous medications over the years, my doctor decided to try me on Pristiq. I started on 50 mg once daily and took it for about a month. I had headaches almost daily within that time and it increased my blood pressure, I felt like it wasn 't making any changes in my mood or anxiety. Around the 6th week everything went downhill. Fits of crying and rage, anxiety came back worse than before, I had the worst migraines I 'd ever experienced, diarrhea no matter what I ate or drank, severe abdominal pain, and also chills pretty much all of the time. I called my doctor right away because I was becoming very scary and feeling awful. Definitely not a medicine for me!
I have been on daily birth control for about 10 years.  Recently my doctor told me that Ocella (my previous BC) was known to cause blood clots in women like me under 35, and she recommended switching.  She put me on Lo Loestrin Fe about three months ago.  I 've now had a headache for almost 6 weeks straight, most days are so bad that I have to take Excedrin or Ibuprofen, I 'm anxious most of the time, not sleeping well - and now it 's gotten to the point where my coworkers and family are noticing.  So I went to my primary care physician worried that I was depressed and he said I need to get off of this BC and try something new.  In general, I 'm just really disappointed.  I 've read a lot of reviews that people do well on Lo Lo, but not me!
I was prescribed metronidazole for a bv infection I did t even know I had. After taking 4 days worth I developed the most awful allergic reaction to it. An intensely itchy burning rash from head to toe, aching and flu like symptoms. The medication was stopped and although the rash for the most part has calmed down after day 3 of stopping my feet are still intensely itchy and I am experiencing numbness all over my body. When will this nightmare end!
I am suspicious of all these posts praising Zyban. I believe they 're fake and paid for by Glaxo. This is not the place to tell my whole story but I will say this. This drug is a poison and it robbed me of over 10 years of my life. You do know it 's BANNED in Europe. The most horrific experience of my life and I only took 3 pills! Beware. Beware. Beware. I think this is an  toxic drug. DON 'T TAKE IT.
didn 't work at all,took 20 mg
I have been on this medication for a week after switching from my old pill. I was getting more and more nauseous each day until I woke up on the 7th morning of taking it to horrible nausea and vomiting. I will not be continuing to take this pill.
my doctor gave me adderall because i cant sit still long enough to concentrate and study and do productive things at work. He gave me 10mg to take twice a day but i didn 't feel any effects from the drug. I decided to take 2 10mg at the same time and still nothing. I am so sad right now because all i want to do is concentrate and study and do my job with concentration. I was really excited to take these pill but now am dissapointed. I think I am one of those people who are resistant to stimulant medication
About 15 minutes after taking exactly the dose indicated, I fainted and cracked my head on the floor resulting in a brain hemorrhage!  Several tests were done in the hospital to rule out any other reason for fainting. The only conclusion is that I had a severe reaction to the ingredient in this cough medicine. Be careful!! Read all the reviews BEFORE taking this medicine!
Invokana was a disaster for me!  First on Invokamet, also bad!  Had GI problems with Invokamet.  Dr, switched me to Invokana.  Worse GI problems.  Developed anal fissures from the diarrhea and constipation.  Now have yeast infection.  Back on Metformin and exercise.  Numbers are better!
I just started my second round of Orthovisc.  The first round was administered by the surgeon and was tolerable.  I had my first shot of my second round last week by a Non Operative Orthopedist because the surgeons within this practice will no longer perform shots and this first shot was unbearable.  My knee is killing me so much worse than before the shot.  Not sure I will continue tomorrow for the second.  I have been bone on bone for 4 years and they refuse to operate because of other under lying orthopedic issues.  I really cannot say it was super beneficial the first time but wanted to give it another try being in severe pain.  I think it depends on the individual as everyone is different.
Took Tramadol for excruciating back pain. Worked marvelously for three weeks, pain 80% decreased, but affected my judgment as I saw events and people in an unrealistically positive way.  After 3 weeks, I started imagining blacks ghosts at night, got depressed and negative, my face felt like sunburned at night, nausea. Needless to say, I stopped taking the drug, withdrawal made the experience worse, I am back with pain waiting for surgery. BAD DRUG!
Started on 6.25 twice a day after heart attack. Developed bronchospasms and asthma in 3 days. Then had a severe blood sugar low of 35. No warning were given to me because I am type 2 diabetic and this a side effect!! Reduced dosage to 1.25 twice a day...
My husband was given this medication by our dermatologist 6 months ago and he was thrilled to have finally found an answer to his roseacea. The last 3 months have been a living HELL! His skin became bright red &amp; looks almost purple. For weeks his face became crusty and was oozing fluid onto his pillow to the point where I was washing his pillow cases every day. We have been to a variety of specialists who say it 's contact dermatitis. He has been on prednisone and antibiotics 3 different times and nothing is helping. For the first month he couldn 't sleep because he was in such agony and only an ice pack gave him relief. I plan on calling the FDA hotline, which I found on the Mirvaso website.
I found this site and comments of great interest.  My daughter had a shot earlier this year and complained of continuous bleeding (not spotting) feeling bloated, nausea, headaches, cramps and very depressed and emotional.  She went other doctor who has put her on antidepressants and pills to supposedly stop the bleeding a week on still bleeding.  My daughter is 24 and has changed from a lovely bubbly happy person into an ill zombie who sits on the sofa all day fatigued and in pain.  I certainly intend to seek legal advice.
Took it for 3 days and had severe anxiety attack.  Went from being so sleepy to extremely anxious.  Acted so strange my kids asked if I had been drinking! Felt much better within 24 hours of stopping.  If you suffer from depression/anxiety, don 't take this.
Was prescribed 20mg. TERRIBLE night horrors and sleep paralysis. Only taken two nights and I will never take it again.I have no idea why nightmares aren 't listed as a side effect. I don 't know how this is an approved drug either.
I was recommended to switch from xanax to vistaril, but the vistaril did not help with my anxiety at all.  I became extremely irritable (probably from the increased anxiety not being treated with xanax anymore).  I did not notice any positive effects even after taking it for a month.  I was told this medication was fast acting for panic attacks like xanax, but they did not help with the panic attacks in the least bit.  I highly recommend that if you have severe debilitating anxiety to not even try this drug based on what I went through.
Have been on this for 48 hours, have nausea, diarrohea, headache, loss of appetite and feel generally unwell. I still have the original symptoms. The weekend is here, so will stick it out until Monday before ringing GP. Thanks for everyones comments.
hated every moment of it!! Went to dr because of continuous abnormal bleeding from june 10 - august 8th , the prescribed me the norethindrone i started it that day and have been bleeding non stop for the past three weeks with severe cramping and abdominal pain. Blood clots the size of my hand and lower back pain , there has been no break for me and yesterday i had ecided to stop the pill and feel remarkably better overnight.
I have tried it more than once. It was as if I took nothing. No help from taking it.
Made me EXTREMELY agitated, anxious, wired, restless, can 't sit still, cannot focus, get very distracted, bouncing off the walls, I can&rsquo;t deal with it. Terrible diarrhea. Gave up after 6 weeks of 400mg/day- had no effect on headaches at all.
Unfortunately, I did not have a good experience with Yaz. I am 20 years old, and have been suffering from Endometriosis for about 7 years. Yaz was the first medication that was used to treat my condition (for 2 years), and it actually increased my pain. The goal of the medication was to stop getting my periods completely (skipping the white sugar pills) so that I would avoid the painful cramps, and to slow down the growth of the uterine lining growing outside of my uterus. #1: I kept getting my period every month regardless of skipping the sugar pills. #2: I was SO nauseous while taking these pills. #3: The pain was CRAZY. It either did not help the pain whatsoever or made it worse. My advice: NO
I started taking this medication 5 weeks ago, with average blood sugar control.  My first experience after a couple of dosages I passed out.  For the past 4 weeks I have had system wide lymph node swelling, fever, skin sensitivity.  I have had several cancer tests.  I am going off of this HORRIBLE medicine. I have researched and have seen that there are not many like me, but there are at least 3 that have done either the same or had some of the same symptoms.  I have almost lost my job due to this medicine, and my health and well-being has been horrible since I have been taking this.  For those of you that it works for, great, I am glad it does.  Please just be aware of any of the above reactions.
This was the first pill I tried. My periods were always regular and I had very mild teenage acne beforehand, but after taking this for 3 months I had the most AWFUL cystic acne on my chin and forehead. I swapped to another and it disappeared. A friend of mine had the exact same experience.
I am 71 years old and both knees are bone on bone. Total knee replacements are not an option for me. I was getting Cortisone shots every few months and they were helpful. The doctor advised me Euflexxa may help me and I was given my 1st shot in the office but with every shot I felt worse, I advised the doctor that the pain was so extreme that I couldn 't walk. 1 week after the 3rd shot I was given a Cortisone injection in both knees and 1 week later my left leg swelled up and I was admitted to the hospital with a flesh eating disease. I was close to 2 days from death and in surgery within a day to remove the bacteria. I was in the hospital and rehab for almost 4 months and am still in a wheelchair getting home nurse care and on antibiotics.
I have IBS-C, milder than some people, but still not pleasant.  I took this before lunch, and after an hour and a half, I had diarrhea that kept me in the bathroom for about an hour.  I had no anxiety with it, but it was not pleasant not knowing how long it would last.   My IBS-C pain was gone, anxiety was gone, but I couldn 't do anything other than either sit on the toilet or not go very far from the bathroom.  Day 2 I actually tried to split the contents of the capsule in half, and I still had to stay near a bathroom for a few hours, but it wasn 't as intense, the pain was gone, but I had nausea.  I don 't feel that for me this medication is worth it.  I 'll just use magnesium if I need to flush my system.
I have had regular urinary tract infections in the past but had a few years without them. I then started feeling the onset on Friday morning and by Friday evening it was full blown. I went to the doctor and was prescribed Nitrofurantoin. To start with I didn 't notice the symptoms as they merged with the pain from the urinary tract infections and were quite mild but with each dose I am feeling worse and worse. I have the chills, sweating, headaches, disorientation and constant waves of nausea. The doctor warned me that my pee would be discoloured and that was it. I am considering coming off these pills only 2 days in to a 7 day cycle as for me the side effects are almost worse than the UTI.
I am 84. After two atrial fibrillation incidents that were two years apart, my Dr. prescribed Eliquix; one 5mg pill once a day.  After ingesting the first pill at 8:00 am, by 11:00 am I was dizzy and just felt lousy. I emailed my doctor, suggesting that I take only half a pill a day. She agreed. After two weeks of feeling lousy, I awoke one morning with my right eye severely reddened and the right side of my head throbbing. It was a weekend, so I went to Urgent Care; they did and echo cardiogram, which showed I was pretty OK.  Before  I went home, I told the Doctor that I would never again take Eliquis.  She didn 't like that.  But I went back on my old Metformin/aspirin regime and after six months I am OK.
On 100 mg daily for almost 2 yrs and could hardly walk, lay or sit anymore. EXTREME joint pain, increasing monthly. Sent to arthritis doctor and ortho with no relief, only more pills. I researched online and found others with same problem. Took myself off Januvia and joint pain is GONE! I can walk again!
I was crying all the time and sad a lot.
I 've been smoking now for 35 years and enjoyed smoking.  It gave me time to get away from the job during the day and take a breather lol.  But recently had bronchitis and a chest x ray found I have emphysema.  Lungs still sound good and my oxygen sat. are still high.  My Doc. said in time they won 't be so he got me started on chantix. I started Jan 1 and I am still smoking but for my health I want to quit.  I 'm on day 6 today and have finally noticed during my lunch I didn 't need that cig. Side effects dry mouth, slight sleepy during the day, and some mild constipation. Nothing I couldn 't deal with.  Keep your fingers crossed it works. I 've never tried stopping before.
I have had severe insomnia for about 3 years. My physician gave me 2 sample packs of 6mg Silenor.  I cut them in half to take 3mg as needed. They worked wonderfully and I finally got several good nights of sleep without the groggy feeling in the morning. After the samples were gone, I got my Rx filled and found out my insurance will not cover it.  After having been awake for 36 hours straight, out of desperation, I paid an arm and a leg for the Silenor. The first tablet of the Rx worked but that 's it.  I Increased to taking 6 mg and it still didn 't work. Still no sleep. I have given up on Silenor and have gone back to a different insomnia Rx that works sometimes but at least my insurance covers it it only costs me $5.
Worse birth control that I have ever been on. I am 30 and started taking Orsythia to help with pain before and during my period.  Shortly after starting, my face started to break out all over and then two weeks later I went to the ER for chest pain. Xrays and an EKG say that I 'm fine and the doc said that it could be inflammation causing the pain.  My breathing is all over the place now when I exercise, I feel nauseous and want to vomit most of the time and now I 'm getting anxiety from all of this.  I have three more pills until my period but I 'm no longer going to take them. Setting up a doc appointment to get this cleared up.
I took Modafinil for a week and a half for narcolepsy and couldn 't continue.  I was wide awake for 2 days but practically manic.  By the third was a waking zombie.  My brain fog was significantly worse and my fatigue increased to the point of hardly being able to get out of bed.  It became progressively worse each day.
I used this for only 1 night and I was in agony and felt like I was in fire.  I can&rsquo;t believe something like this to treat yeast infections is so horrible. It just did not feel right. After some research I changed to canesten- which has a different active ingredient. I will never use Monistat again.
I 'm so relieved I read all of these reviews. For the past few months after my pharmacy switched me to Tri-Previfem, I have been so depressed and anxious, crying at random times whether I 'm at work or home. I nearly destroyed my relationship and I 've had absolutely no desire to do anything I used to love. I 'm getting off this immediately.
I was given this medication for a sinus infection and was on it for 10 days at which time I was admitted to the hospital for a severe reaction.  Hospital staff, ENT doctor, and nurses had never seen anything like it.  I have a major burn rash ALL over my body that included very large &quot;clear liquid&quot; pockets.  It has been two weeks and I still have the rash, but it has started fading.
To anyone just starting Abilify, please reconsider. I started it as an add-on to Lexapro. Initially, it helped me feel like  getting out of bed in the morning with slightly more energy or a better outlook, or I just wasn 't as groggy when I woke up.  Initially, that was helpful &amp; I got the Rx free or cheap, so I took it for over 2 years.  When I finally realized all these new problems were connected to Abilify , it was too late... 50 lb weight gain,  constant involuntarily movements of fingers, toes &amp; tongue, mouth sores, wild, harmful actions with no conscience or regret, many more.  Then the worst withdrawal symptoms.. I wished for death for months it was so awful.  A year after stopping, I 'm still not the same &amp; probably never will be.
I am just over two days post-insertion, so this review is for the procedure and immediate recovery period.   The actual procedure was the most intense pain I have ever felt - and I have had dental surgeries, veneers, plastic surgery, tattoos &amp; piercings.  I took a dose of vicodin one hour prior, and it did nothing to minimize the pain.  Within 30 seconds post-procedure, I passed out in a vasovagal response &amp; woke up to my doctor and three nurses shaking, elevating &amp; manhandling me into consciousness.  Afterward I was unable to sit up [much less drive myself home] for over an hour &amp; was extremely nauseous.  Still cramping &amp; spotting non-stop; hoping I don 't regret it. Was not prepared for this outcome by my doctor at all.
Been on this about a week now. I have not seen any relief. I am sweating a lot and feel ill. Do not know if it was something to do with this medicine. I started out on 50mg, Doctor has me taking 100 twice a day now,  but still have the pain so we will see.
Pain from a tooth worked for 3 hours per pill felt like too much coffie. would not recomend.turned my skin dry and now i have a fever blister under my nose.
I was on this product for over a year.  It didn 't help my plaque psoriasis at all.  The only positive was that it didn 't cost me anything to take it and it had no negative side effects.  Not sure how this product even got approved.  I don 't know anybody who has said it has even remotely been. effective.
This drug is absolutely horrible. I was prescribed Effexor 75mg twice a day. After lunch day ONE I take my first dose. Needless to say the intense vomiting, pins and needles up my spine into the back of my head and fire burning sensation in my spine, blurred vision, severe tremors, seeing colors and spots all over the place, my eyes starting rolling to the back of my head, passing out. Almost landed me in the ER. Called my doctor and got switched off immediately. That was by far the worst medication I have ever taken. I have been on Celexa 40mg until it stopped working and now I am on Prozac. I clearly can 't handle an SNRI like that. I felt like I was going to die. Be highly cautious. This stuff shouldn 't even be on the market.
My first implant was fine; side effects same as many other women. Had it replaced, no worries. My second implant has now been in my arm for 5yrs. 3 attempts to get it out, with no luck. It was inserted incorrectly.
I have been taking Yaz for 1 month. My doctor asked me to try it for a couple more so my body can get use to it, but I would rather just stop right now. I 'm tired all the time, depressed, no sex drive. I had horrible cramps, worse than when I was in high school, and bad migraines the week prior to my period. I cry at the drop of a hat and I 'm really anxious. I do not like it, but I will give it one more month. We 'll see.
I went to Urgent Care Center today for a sinus infection. I got a prescription and was told to take mucinex D. I took it a couple of hours ago and I 've been feeling weird ever since. It 's ineffective so far and I feel kind of dizzy. I want it out of my system NOW.
My daughter was prescribed this devil drug for some mood issues and heart irregularities. It went to a psychotic level and she had to get off the drug after two months. Caused massive heart problems, bleeding from the head, nose, throat and stomach, softball sized bruising that just appeared, migraines, psychosis, cramps in the hands that were unbelievable, massive blood pressure and diabetic fluctuations, false labour, blood clots, pneumonia, pericarditis and the toughest three weeks of our lives. My research shows so many people try to get off this drug and most do not. It is a 24 hour a day process, using massive medical support from people who care, and should be taken off the market except for its prime use which is schizophrenia
This medicine is horrible. I last 2 days on only 25 mgs. The side effects are not worth it.
This used to help before the pill was changed to a brown one. All dosages are brown. I am allergic to brown pills so, I had to change to another medication. I hate that it has changed.
I have been on 50mg Methadone oral liquid for 4 years and it does nothing at all for pain... I was on Morphine sulfate 10mg for 3 years and was taking 30mg a day after 2 years.. My doctor died in a plane and I was taken off Morphine and suffered the worse 8 days of my life. No one can explain just how bad withdrawals can be unless you have been through them. Horrible.. I was placed on Methadone  because I was coming off Morphine. This medication does nothing for pain I have lost testosterone I cant work I have to go to a drug store every day to dose. I have put on weight I feel like crap lazy and tired. I have come down to 35mg but the thought of the withdrawals worries you. Its a long sickness to get off this rubbish. Hate it bad
Make sure Bactrim is actually the correct medication for your UTI! I took Bactrim for 4 days with no relief before my doctor 's office got the results back from my UA and realized that Bactrim is resistant to the bacteria causing my UTI. Now I am taking Cipro and it seems to be doing the trick. I did not have any side effects with Bactrim though, it just didn 't work for me.
The burn is immediate and painful. So much for sleep tonight.
I 'm almost done with a 10 day course of 875 mg of Augmentin, twice daily.  I don 't feel any relief.  I 'm taking Flonase and generic Allegra D as well.  None of it helps.
Started 25 mg Cozaar for hypertension when 100 mg atenolol   25 mg hydrochlorothiazide didn 't lower my blood pressure and after lisinopril had me coughing 24/7.  A couple of days after I started taking it, the tops of my feet and my ankles started to swell, I couldn 't wear my shoes.  I quit taking it, but when my doctor found out, she made me go back on it.  I was okay for a couple of weeks, but the swelling came back, slightly mitigated by compression hose but only slightly.  Back to the drawing board.
This pill made me feel terrible! It caused me to break out everywhere, bloating, and migraines everyday I was on it! I have taken it for a week and my doctor advised me to switch mid-pack back to my old pill, Low-ogestrel which has worked the best for me.
Didn 't help with the pain much at all , and made me very tired for about 36 hour, I only took 1 500mg pill
Why does ProAir keep making bigger and BIGGER inhalers!?! Over the years they have gotten huge and hard to carry around. I often carry my inhaler in my pocket or in my purse (which is small), but I just picked up the new ProAir and it 's way too big. I can 't even put it in my pocket. Plus I find the fact that you can 't take it apart and wash it really disgusting. Directions say to wipe it off, but this thing is going in my mouth...I prefer soap and water which you can 't do with this inhaler. I 'm going back to the old stuff.
This is my second day of using Mucinex.  At this point I 'm not sure why my doctor recommended it.  I never did have congestion, just a sore throat.  Anyway,  I 'll not take it anymore, it 's 1:00 a.m., I 'm totally exhausted and cannot sleep.  Last night it was 12:30 or so, and I finally went to sleep.  I 'm use to falling asleep around 9:30.  I do take sleeping pills and I just took my dose of those, hope it puts me to sleep, otherwise, how do you make it through the next day?  I just read the label, guess I missed before that it can cause sleeplessness, or I would 't have taken it at all.  It 's expensive and another drug going in the garbage can!
My 10 year old was given this for a sinus infection and he threw up within 10 minutes of giving it to him. I will never get this med again!!! Waiting for doc to change his meds never again
Apri was the first birth control I took (at the age of 24). I started taking it to prevent pregnancy, not for any other reason since my periods were regular and I rarely experienced any kind of cramps or moodiness. This pill changed that entirely. I started experiencing cramps around the time my period began. I noticed a considerable drop in my sex drive, which frustrated both me and my boyfriend. I also became depressed, my moods fluctuated from happy and positive to irritable to extremely depressed in a span of hours. I stayed on this for over six months before changing. I changed to Aviane and have noticed a VAST improvement.
I went to pick up my Jolessa refill (I loved) and they gave me Quasense. Had spotting/bleeding all summer - 2 months, serious weight gain, terrible cramps, and no libido.  With 30 days left in the pack - I could no longer bear the symptoms and stopped 3 days ago.  It 's nice to have my life back!  Bleeding stopped, bloating diminished and desired intimacy with my husband again.  This was really a terrible experience.  Lesson - stop sooner if not working, don 't change your medicine.
My old gyno recommended this pill so I took it. I was on this pill for four months and took it religiously. I became pregnant. If I could give this pill 0/10 then I would.
I 've been taking this for about a year now and didn 't put two and two together until today. Every month I 'd get these bad cystic zits on my face and I rarely ever got them before I started this pill. I wear makeup but that was never really an issue for me. Now seeing what everyone else has to say, I finally realized it is this pill causing me to break out with cystic acne every month! I 'm furious! Please do not try, I don 't recommend especially if you 're looking for a pill to clear ur skin.
Awful stuff, wretched stuff. If you suffer from Anxiety and depression this will magnify both by ten fold. Horrible palpitations of the heart, weird spiky fevers at random times, disoriented feeling while driving; it 's just not a pleasant experience. Maybe I 'm just allergic to sulfur or something but I can 't stress enough-stay away from this stuff. There 's plenty of other antibiotics that aren 't this awful. I know my doctor had good intentions when prescribing me this garbage but I 'm legitimately mad at him for putting me on this awful tripe.
This has not worked for me.  It has terrible side effects and I am trying to get off it.
Terrible Med!  Years after taking for a few weeks I still have seriously blurry vision.  Seems to be permanent.  Everything about this drug was far worse than the problems it was supposed to address.   Do not take this toxic garbage.  My Dr insisted I had to give it time to work...  Any more time and I 'd likely be dead or blind!  Avoid like the plague and/or carefully read of myriad side effects and hope you can stop in time to avoid permanent problems from side effects.  IMO this med s/b taken off the market!
Back pain Lethargic Pains in right legShort of breath Sense of sadness Diarohea
I was on this medication for one day when I began to gave sereve vomiting 30 minutes after taking it and stomach bloating and uncontrollable gas. By day six I called my doctor to tell him I had bilateral muscle weakness in my legs and could hardly walk a straight line without feeling like I was going to fall down. My doctor stopped the medication after six days after I began to take it when I presented with a known severe adverse side effect of this medication &quot; muscle weakness and loss of coordination&quot;
This is Jean 's husband. Jean had this device inserted many years ago. She was NEVER informed of its risks or how long until it should be removed. She has had severe cramps for years. We (I) have informed every doctor and emergency rooms she has gone to as to the divide. They all ignored the info. Yesterday she was taken to the hospital. She had severe chest pains. All cardio tests came back negative. Today they transferred her to ICU because her temperature kept spiking. They did blood work and found out she has massive infection running through her body. She is bagged and they are flushing her system to try and get rid of the infection. An OBYGN came in and tried to find the  'string ' to remove this contraption. I will know more soon.
Pros: I 'm not pregnant, my periods are lighter, and the pills were free.Cons: I 've been on it 4 months. The first month I had terrible cramping. I had to stay home from work to writhe on my bed. I also already struggle with depression, and it seemed to exacerbate my depressive feelings. I 've also been abnormally angry and irritable. It finally got so bad last week that I went off of it. I 've also had lower back/hip muscle/joint pain since a month after starting birth control. I believe it 's related. I 'm too afraid to get on another hormonal pill. They always say it takes a few months for your body to get used to the hormones! Meanwhile you 're a trainwreck. I can 't afford these emotional (or physical) side effects.
I have a history of mental illness, but have not been on medication for about a year and had no problems since then. After starting this medication, I started to have symptoms of depression and anxiety, irritability and mood swings. Hopefully I will be able to find a new form of birth control.
I was on Geodon 7 years.  I was extremely tired in the morning - couldn 't drive.  About 2 years before I stopped, I began to have pseudo-dementia.  Had pseudo-Parkinsonism for 4-5 years.  6 months before I stopped I began to fall - about 40 times.  Three times stitches in head and now knee problem rated 10/10 severity.  Then became comatose.  Husband called ambulance.  Don 't remember anything.  When got off Geodon, dementia and pseudo-Parkinsonism went away as did the falls.
Awful. Doesn 't work made all my skin dry and flakey I was so itchy after using it and my whole face turned bright red even water stung my face, my face is swollen and too sore to even touch, my face and back are itchy constantly all day, wouldn 't bother using this product
This medicine has little to no effect on my Ulcerative Colitis. I was diagnosed with in in early Aug of this year, I was prescribed Lialda because my case wasn 't &quot;too severe.&quot; I have seen no improvement from this medicine, and I would say my symptoms/flare ups have become worse and more frequent. Apparently this medicine works for some people, not me. I haven 't noticed any of the side effects from Lialda, but it definitely isn 't doing what it is supposed to.
OMG THIS IS the worst pain ever.  My YI didn 't itch this bad.  I took it at about 8:30 and by 11:00 I had the worst itching EVER. I am not happy!    I have taken the 3 day before and didn 't have any of these side effects.  Save yourself and have the doctor call you in something.
I twisted my back and threw it out. Was given 500mg three times a day, and it does absolutely nothing at all. My back feels worse than before. It did not relieve any stiffness or pain. Also found out that this medication is unstudied, and the mechanism of action is also unknown. This is a pharmaceutical test product. Its effects are placebo at best.
I 've been on this drug for 2 days and am already discontinuing use. I got the starter pack and have taken 10mgs each morning for 2 days. It makes me so dizzy and tingly that I can 't even move. Very nauseous and drowsy, but I can 't sleep because everything is spinning. Not for me.
I took these for 3 days and felt completely out of it and utterly paranoid and much more depressed than before taking them. I had previously been on Sertraline which side effects only lasted a day for me and were pretty successfull long term. Citalopram did not agree with me at all and I feel I would have to go on sick from work to let them settle for which I have heard could be up to 5 weeks!Other symptoms I endured: not being able to eat for 3 days, diarhhea, buzzing in legs and arms, paranoia, zero interest in anything, being stuck in my thoughts (not where you want to be when depressed).I admit 3 days is not near enough time to allow it to settle but I would be jeapordizing my job by continuing this medication.
I got my first case of BV and was prescribed Clindamycin cream for five nights. It did nothing to treat the infection. It caused me even worse pain, burning, and spread the infection so I contracted a UTI. On to Macrobid now for that. The cream is messy, stings, and dries everything out. I still tested positive for BV after the cream so was switched to oral Flagyl. Flagyl took the burning away within 12 hours. I should have gone with Flagyl the first time around.
Please!!! just walk away from this pill, my breast are so tender I can 't touch them, I stay nauseous and light headed and I 've had my period now for 2 weeks. And I 've only take them for 2 weeks. I stopped taking them I 'm no longer nauseous and light headed but my period is still going strong. My breast are getting better, to many side effects for me. Oh yea and they make you eat A LOT!!!
I went on Reclipsen due to severe cramping and heavy bleeding during my periods. It solved that problem, but I had NO libido whatsoever and I was very emotionless. I also gained 10 pounds in the 5 months I was on it and I work out regularly and eat healthy.
I took cipro for a suspected UTI, 500mg Bid for ten days April 2016.  I felt tired, had loss of appetite while on it.   Two weeks after I finished them the Peripheral Neuropathy started in both hands and feet along with fasciculations all over, severe anxiety and seeing more Drs than I ever have in my life. I would not recommend this medication unless your life depended on it. My symptoms have NOT subsided.
I had a stroke recently, began suffering from muscle spasms, was put on Baclofen, that brought out a whole new batch of spasms!!!, Doctor switched from that to Tizanidine HCL. This made my spasms worse than the first. These meds are not compatible to the type of spasms I have. I 'm not taking any more of this poison. Seems to me, with any medicine, for whatever the reason may be, one should at least see some kind of improvement or feel somewhat better in two weeks and that 's stretching it. For those patients with MS or another illness, I 'm happy that Tizanidine HCL worked for you. Nothing at all seems to work for me. As I write this, I 'm sitting here crying because my spasms are locked in place. This is how I live now. It 's the worse feeling
Didn 't work for me &amp; bad side effects after cyberknife. No libido and painful or no ejaculation at all. Stopped &amp; was ok. 16 months later developed a UTI BPH &amp; bladder issues.Urgent Urination day &amp; night started coming back  about 8 weeks ago and Dr put me on Cialis 5 mg samples daily (insurance would not cover) for BPH &amp; 500 mg of Cypro for UTI was ok then 1 week ago conditions worsened after running out of cialis for just a few days &amp; started remaining Flomax again  for 4 -5 days and went down hill really fast.  I am now urinating 20 + times if not more.I Cant leave house literally. Can hit in 3 seconds My urine culture just came back negative and on 500 mg of cefuroxime. Started back on Cialis yesterday  Brutal waiting for Doc to call
I have had a bad yeast infection for a few days, and my mom recommended this. Inserted the one day or night treatment and was hit but 100x more pain and itchiness than before! I was crying and had to dig it out. Going to have to try a different one.
I have had the Amaryl and after 4 month my love life was gone, and another person that I know, he had the same problem. He is still using Amaryl and now even Viagra doesn 't work any more.
Gave me severe diarrhea for a day and a half now. Started the medicine on Friday night and diarrhea started Saturday evening. Doubt I can go to work tomorrow - don 't want to quit the medicine until I talk to my doctor tomorrow though.
I will never use this prep again. First dose was taking at 6pm night before the procedure. It took about an hour to start working and it caused projectile vomiting and cramping. 10 hrs later still passing water. I haven 't eaten much of anything solid for 5 days, so will not be attempting to keep down the second dose. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE !
Took this pill for 3 months now, it was effective for regulating my irregular cycle and did a good job on clearing up any skin acne . However it took me several months to figure out why I was suffering from insomnia . I when taking this pill I had feelings of anxiety and such horrible insomnia I would wake up at night an hour into sleeping and just never go back to sleep. My heart would pound, I was sweating, it wasn 't until I started marking on my calendar what days I had insomnia and saw a distinct pattern and realized it must be my birth control pill. I saw my doctor who let me know that what I was experiencing is called anxiety attacks. I 've never had anxiety didn 't even know what an anxiety attack was but this side effect is debilitating
I can 't take any form of Mucinex, or it 's generics, without becoming totally lethargic.  I turn into a complete zombie.  I 'm happy for those of you who find relief with it, but for me, it 's a total fail.
I have not experienced the side effects like others.  It simply does absolutely nothing for my allergy symptoms.
I had my Nexplanon inserted in December 2014. So, I 'm about a year and a half in. I have had mood swings, excruciating headaches, depression, and weight gain of 30 pounds!! I would not recommend this to anyone!
If you want to hallucinate, lose all recollection of time since the drug enters your system, shake and sweat like a heroin addict, live in complete disarray, never talk to anyone ever again because it makes you hallucinate your friends and family are all there with you, even though you live alone... Then this is the drug for you. II was on it for  Fibromyalgia and depression. It has been well after a year since I discontinued use AGAINST DOCTORS ORDERS and I still have headaches and electrical-type surges throughout my body. I took that USELESS drug for well over 3 years at its highest milligram and had to just flush them since the doctor refused to take me off of them. I had almost every single symptom listed on the manufacturer website. I STILL cannot remember those years. AWFUL!
I used this ONE TIME before sleeping. I put on moisturizer about 5 times the next day, and my face still hurt. Today is the second day after using this product, and my face still hurts, is red, and is puffy after applying moisturizer another five times today. I don 't think its supposed to hurt this bad, even if there is a purging process. I would not recommend this product.
I got the 3 generic cream prefills from CVS. First night, the inside of my vagina began to immediately burn and itch, to the point to where I was crying and doing yoga breathing to work through the pain. I washed it out and, took Tylenol, and finally fell asleep. I began to feel discomfort on my pubic area, like razor burn. Upon inspection, I saw that my entire pubic area was broken out in painful, itchy bumps and even onto my thighs. Stupidly, I gave the cream applicators another chance, and it was so much worse the second time. I showered to get the medication out. I 've used the suppositories before and never had this problem, so I will definitely be going back to those. This should be taken off the shelves!
It 's effective - I have yet to become pregnant, HOWEVER, I 've had the worst breakthrough bleeding and weight gain. Going back to loestrin. My primary Doctor changed my prescription without my knowledge and my ogyn just told me. I would not recommended Junel to my worst enemy.
I have been on Reclipsen for 3 weeks, I have been experiencing severe depression, anxiety and mood swings. My sex drive is very low, and I cry uncontrollably and for no reason. I was on Apri prior to this and it worked well and made me very even-keel. I will be switching back my next doctor 's visit.
I had Paragard for a total of 5 weeks. Never felt so miserable in my life. I bled for the entire time I had Paragard, with 2 heavy periods and constant spotting in between. I gained weight (I was back in my skinny jeans 5 weeks after giving birth but had to wear yoga pants again while on Paragard because of serious bloating that made me look 5 months pregnant). I developed anxiety, depression, panic attacks while driving (I 'm a professional driver), bloating, cramping, feeling extremely fatigued all the time, constant back and neck pain, major hair loss, anger, headaches (I never suffer from headaches because I hydrate all day). Had it removed yesterday and already feeling so much better and happier. Neck/back pain is gone...
I took Ciallis 20mg  for first time yesterday on empty stomach as far as  I knew it works within 30 minutes max actually it took much longer up to 5 hours !!!I tried Viagra many times before and I think it worked much more betterany explanation?
This is the worst pill I 've ever taken. It made me feel very sad, depressed and I questioned everything and everyone 's existence. I felt crazy and not like myself for the whole 2 weeks I took it. My face started to break out severely and it only got worst in a short span of time. I 'm glad I stopped taking this pill because I probably would have attempt suicide. I do not recommend this pill to anyone. Stay away from this one!
My 11 year old was prescribed Gabapentin for chronic headaches, but several days of this medication seemed to exacerbate his problem.  He had many more headaches and rated them as very painful on this medication.  We had to stop taking it after about a week because he had so many headaches.
2.5 years after the birth of my child I realized I needed help for PPD/PPA.  My irritability and anger just kept getting worse and I would go days without leaving the house. I was put on Effexor XR 75mg. I only took one dose around 830 PM. I was up all night, jittery, restless, vivid dreams. The following day I was so out of it I feared I couldn 't care for my child and had my SO come home. I was incredibly nauseated and jittery with sprqodic muscle spasms, my fingers were shaking a bit and I had heart palpitations. It was awful. Around 6 PM it started to go away but didn 't completely until the following day. I will never take this medication again, it was very scary.
I think it should be considered medical malpractice for a physician to prescribe this drug to an elderly man with heart problems, especially known congestive heart failure.  My father didn 't know he should report muscle weakness he experienced while taking this drug, and there was no followup by the physician.  Since the heart is a muscle, I think this drug propelled my father into endstage heart failure, which he now has.
Right now I feel like my blood has been drained from my body. Each morning I feel faint and my legs feel like jelly. Should I continue with this med. Taking 300 mg. Per day.
I found out i have the beginnings of arthritis in both knees. I had the 3 shot course and at week 7 I 've had no pain relief.
Did not work that well.
I experienced 3 of the most common side effects of Pristiq. I experience nausea, loss of appetite and dizziness. The nausea and loss of appetite were minimal and I could get along with my day. However, the dizziness, in my opinion is not a side effect to be taken lightly. I was so dizzy, I could not concentrate or do well in class. I had to stop taking it because it was disrupting my school work very badly.
I took Ortho Tri-Cyclen for birth control for 2 years with no issues. After 2 weeks, my migrane headaches worsened, a nervous/ill feeling hit me and my heart was always pounding. I stopped taking it immediately (I 'm married and we are stable enough to have a baby) and have since decided to start trying to have a baby. I recommend lots of caution with this one (especially if you take something for ADHD)
I got this shot during a doctor visit.  Unsure if dose was the .75 mg but the 3 samples he gave me were of the 1.5 mg dose.  Side effects began following day: nausea, diarrhea, abdominal pain, decreased appetite, indigestion and severe acid reflux. I also had body aches and fatigue. I dare say I felt depressed. I had just gotten over the stomach flu 3 weeks before and it felt like I had come down with it again! Trulicity did lower my glucose levels as did my weight (3 lbs. that week) Of course it did! I could not eat and what ever little food I ate, it came out in minutes!  I DID NOT and WILL NOT inject myself with this again  I 'm sorry I agreed on the shot.  One of the worst weeks of my life!
I had meniscus repair in December 2015.  The doctor tore my hamstring during the process so I ended up in PT for 6 weeks.  Within a couple of months I was walking 3 miles a day again.  By the end of April my knee was swelling and painful.  Had cortisone shots twice and they didn 't help.  Doctor recommended Euflexxa.  I noticed a positive difference after the 1st and 2nd shot for a day or two at at time, both shots did not hurt.  By the time I had the 3rd shot, it hurt so bad I cried and my husband had to carry me out of the dr. office.  My knee has been like a cantaloupe ever since and my other joints are swelling and achy.  Nothing positive has come from these shots for me.  I 'm scheduled now for a partial knee replacement this December.
I was to take 0.50mg each morning as I did. Here is how  risperidone effected me: I would wake up during the night severely sweating, when trying to go to bed I would get shocks, it made me feel so bad and I did not want to do anything. 
started zoloft 25mg but was told to brake  in half for three days then go to the 25mg for two weeks then to 50mg , the first week was hell!!! Was throwing up none stop, horrible diarrhea made my anxiety so much worse, I weighed 85 pounds and went down to 73, was in and out of the er because I needed fluids, after week too I could tell my depression was better but my anxiety was still bad got to the point I couldn 't leave my bed, my son missed basketball games had to have my mom go to the store for me, after week 3 on the 50mg doctor  prescribed me  xanax (one a day if needed) it helped a lot with my anxiety but my side effects keep getting worse so the doctor got me off the zoloft, a lot better now off the zoloft and haven 't had anxiety in a week,
So I started taking this medicine because my acne was irritating my skin. In the beginning it worked fine and as time went by I saw my acne was really improving but as soon as I stopped taking it my acne returned, and is now worse then what it used to be. Though the spots are not as big and cystic is has spread more around my face and I now have them on my chin and forehead.  I would advise you not to take the medicine as it might make your skin worse. However everyone has their own experience. I hope that it works for you and if not. I told you so. ps- If you 're going to end up taking the tablets anyway then don 't bother reading the reviews you 're wasting your time. Good luck Amigo
Worst pain in the world. I used only one applicator from the monistat 7 pack and it burns like hell. The need to want to take it all out and rip off my area. Im in tears over the burning. Is it supposed to do that ? Is there a way of soothing that burning sensation from the treatment.?Totally not a happy camper .
By far, the worst experience I 've had with any medicine. I almost called an ambulance, no exaggeration. I 've never used a product like this before and chose it based on the package implying that you take it, it works overnight, and produces a normal BM the next day. Um, no...I woke up about 2AM confused, sweating, cramping, and could barely stand. I essentially crawled to the toilet and, once there, kept nearly blacking out and gagging. I was clammy and pale, irregular heartbeat, shaking, extremely weak - What literally stopped me from calling 911 was that I didn 't bring my phone into the bathroom and after I violently eliminated for a few mins, I started feeling less like I was dying. Can 't emphasize enough, this stuff is so effing awful.
I 've been taking this drug after Lisinopril caused me to cough 24/7.  Started with 5mg for HBP 140/90.  Instantly gained about 20lbs.  Exercise became more difficult; hands fall asleep at night, every night, unless I wear arm braces; swelling in ankles; general feeling of being in a  'fog ' and also very easily irritated.  Nodding off around 6pm after work; but force myself to stay awake.  When I go to bed, I have insomnia.  I decided to cut the pill in half, take it at night and now I have joint pains along with other symptoms.  My worst day yet, I just didn 't feel right all day; felt confused, anxious to drive to work.  Stopped taking the drug that day and one day later I feel like myself again.  Symptoms fading; will ask doc for diff drug.
I have started Saxenta this morning ( stated with 0.6 to go up to 1.8, will increase every 4th day as the Dr prescribe).I was told to expect nausea but been 4 hrs and other then being thirsty nothing at all.The DR place me on the Saxenta as 7 years ago I was taking   antidepressants and the weight just piled on and could not loose it and start having lots of other health issues. I hope this will help me loose the weight and get my health back to normal and start exercising again.By the way the DR place me on the Saxenta 1.8 and  Optifast for the first month, been advice to drink a minimum of 3 Lt of water. Will update as I go ....in a month
What a JOKE!  Doesn 't do anything unless you count the side effects! You 'll only accept constructive criticism, so, avoid a gut ache added to pain, slow burning urination when you NEVER before had an issue. Doctors really need to LISTEN to patients, and stop assuming that they know more about my body than I do. This MAY work for some, or it may be a placebo effect, but for me it did nothing but add to my problems!   Doctors also need to consider QUALITY of life over QUANTITY. I do NOT want to live with this pain, and if they can 't or won 't give me what works, then let me go. I have enough without risking a stroke too!
Seemed to work for about two 1/2 weeks, then wore off andsymptoms returned. I would of had to stop takinganyway due to unbelievable nasal congestion. Tried to stick with it for 3 more weeks, but since I could not breath throughmy nose had trouble with sleep also. Also no sperm at all.Two weeks after stopping still some nasal congestion.
Well prescribed this medicine because I had an earache due to sinus build up. Once I started taking the medication everything was fine but a few days later I developed hives and ringing of the ears for some reason. I am allergic to penicillin but I have never had an antibiotic do this to me.
I suffer from chronic sinus infections and have been treated with clarithromycin. While it got rid of the more severe issues (facial pain, horribly stuffed nose) I still didn 't feel great after. Both times I ended up having to go to an ENT afterwards and start a stronger steroid and antibiotic. To top it off when I was on clarithromycin I had that terrible metallic taste in my mouth that would actually wake me up in the  middle of the night.
I liked the implant because I normally have horrible side effects from birth control pills. I had no changes in mood or side effects except for one. I would not stop bleeding. I fluctuated between heavy and light flow but it never stopped. I had it in for a year... never stopped. If it weren 't for this horrible side effect, I would have loved it.
I think it has made me extremely tired and it 's hard for me to sleep at night.
My daughter was given risperdone for anxiety and agitation she experiences with  medical procedures. I was a little reluctant to give it to her seeing as she is #1 A TODDLER #2 SEIZURE ACTIVITY #3 TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY in past medical history. I was prescribed this medication by her Neurologist! I have never been so scared un my life...my child had severe visionary problems, nasal congestion and increased heart rate with the first dose. She seemed to literally go Blind! Please ask for alternative meds especially if your child is very young.  I am beyond livid and confused about why she was ever prescribed this medication in the first place. Please don 't put another baby through this (or parent)...Just Don 't
I got recommended by my derm to use this to treat my acne. it literally burnt my face! my skin feels like leather, and in the first 2 days my face started peeling extremely bad, and the burning is too much to take. I do not recommend.
Worked fine for killing the fungus but I have lost my sense of taste.  Doctor said it should come back within a few weeks, I hope so. 
I took this medicine for the first time last night. I woke up several times, and when I woke up in the morning my nerve stress went up at least 3 times more, I was very angry . I will never take it again. I feel like the progress I made was erased.
I started taking this about 8 months ago and up until 4 months ago I was fine with it. I have been suffering major depression, suicidal thoughts, anger issues( I never had anger issues before this pill), and I 'm always bleeding. I get spotting at least every week for three days. My sex drive has decreased. I am constantly having yeast infections and when I get turned on I can barely get wet like I use to normally before I took this pill no matter how horny I am. Even though high blood pressure runs in my family as an 18 year old my blood pressure is way to high especially for taking birth control and my blood presume meds. Whatever you do, DON 'T TAKE THIS BIRTH CONTROL. Calling my doctor tomorrow to get off this drug after reading into it.
I called the doctors due to weird symptoms after my 5th day of taking this medication this concludes (chills, naseous, diareah, headache, and even numbness throughout my entire face , lips and mouth, and the shakes) the pain I get from my uti 's (burning sensation, hard to pee and hurts) I felt like bactrim made my pains worse the burning was 100x worse ! I felt as If I was dying!!!!  I even had severe insomnia up until 6-7 am! Called the doctors and they said I should have called when the headaches and shakes came a long! Cut me off it immediately and prescribed me macrobid instead, hope it helps !!
I 'm 48 and in menopause. I 've suffered bouts of little depression through life but since menopause, it hit me like a brick. I had had a couple of panic attacks throughout the years and I couldn 't shake this gradual depression that was coming over me. I 've always been able to talk myself through it but this time, I just couldn 't. My doctor prescribed EFFEXOR. I took it 2 days. On the third day, I was driving to work and I SUDDENLY felt like I couldn 't breath. I was shaking, my heart was racing and I really thought I was going to die. I pulled over thinking I was having a heart attack. I called 911, throwing up on the side of a freeway. By the time the ambulance came, my heart rate had skyrocketed! Worst experience of my life.
I went on LoSeasonique hoping to stop my period and in return have had an endless one.  The first week I started the pack, I started my regular period.  Week 2 and 3 I had spotting that did not need a pantyliner, okay I could handle &quot;spotting&quot;.  Weeks 4 and 5 I had to wear panty liners.  Week 6 possibly my regular period as I had to wear tampons the flow was heavier.  Week 7 still flowing pretty good and wearing tampons.  Week 8 I am still very heavy. I have called Gyn and I will be going to Doctor today. So much for my dreams of not having a period.  Sex life has been totally on halt due to this as well.
I 've been diagnosed with MDD and anxiety. I 've always had trouble sleeping so my psychiatrist gave me hydrozyzine 25mg at first and it wasn 't doing anything so she upped it to 50mg which still isn 't working. My prescription is always being filled so I still have a bottle or two of 25mg and one of 50mg. I 'm still taking it and trying to sleep but it 's really difficult. Even when I actually feel dead tired, I still can 't sleep. I usually end up having to wait till my body gives out to get any sleep. I can 't go to psychiatrist because I 'm currently not a student so I 'm not sure what to do. If this medicine works for you, congrats and I can 't deny that I 'm jealous.
I have been taking these pills for 6 months now and am completely at my wits end; I don 't notice any weight gain, though my boobs have grown slightly. However.. The abnormal bleeding is driving me crazy! I am grateful that is the only main side effect but it 's a total curse. I am bleeding at least 15-20 days during the month and it 's just enough so that I 'm always wearing a panty liner. Goes without saying, my boyfriend and I are pretty unhappy with our sex life. I obsessively take the pill every single day at the same time and have never skipped a pill- I STILL find myself bleeding every other week. I am stopping these pills and plan on talking to my doc about my other options; if there are no other options we might stick to condoms only.
I had the same appetite and weight that I had when I didn 't use belviq. It is expensive and it didnt work at all for me, I was still hungry just like before. I don 't recommend it
I was given this for panic disorder with agoraphobia. It made me so dizzy every time I took it that I couldn 't even read a book because it felt like I was in a washing machine being twirled around. I took it at night before bed and I had to make sure I was in bed when I took it and I could not be walking around or doing anything because I was afraid I 'd stumble or fall down. I took it for eight days and it didn 't get any better, so finally I stopped taking it. It had no noticeable improvement on my anxiety anyway and I didn 't see the point in taking something that made me feel like I was on a merry-go-round.
Was on Fetzima for a week and got Serotonin Syndrome. This is my 5th day off of the med and I am still nauseous, hot, red hot flushed face and chest, body aches and pain. Sweating, chills, goose bumps, constant headache, etc. Ugh, hope it goes away soon, this sucks!!!
Horrible horrible horrible! Words can 't explain how horrible this patch has made my life. Gave me the worst anxiety of my life! Never ever taking it again! I don 't recommend it to anyone!
I am 20, no kids and always had issues with my periods, I got the skyla on December  12th and it was very painful , I could barely drive home after. Since the insertion  I have not felt the same and it 's been little over a month now. I have cramps so bad some days I can 't go to work. And on top of that bleeding every day for the past month has not been fun. I really hope that it will get better because I do like the fact it 's good for three years with no worried about taking a pill every day. Honestly I wouldn 't recommend  it to anyone .
I have been on Enbrel, Humira, Otezla and Stelara and various topicals over the past 15 years or so.  Each medication seemed to reach a plateau as far as effectiveness which is why I moved on to another.  I 've been on Cosentyx a little less than 2 months and my psoriasis is worse than it 's ever been.  I spoke with my dermatologist and was told that Cosentyx seems to take a bit of time to see positive results.  Their experience has been that right around the third month, improvement is seen.  That 's the only reason I am staying with it for another month or two.  After reading all these glowing comments about having clearer skin in weeks or a month, I 'm a little discouraged that my psoriasis has gone 1000% in the other direction.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PILL...After 7 days I lost kidney function and could not urinate after drinking 32 oz of water the night before. Had blood in the urine 3 weeks after I stopped taking this poison.  My skin looked fabulous after the 1st day but if I 'm dead, having clear skin won 't matter.
Made me very anxious, and thoughts racing. Did nothing to ease nausea.
Gave me rapid heart beats !!!!!!!!!
Such a horrible experience on this...I got it in on August 12th at first my period went away but then August 20th comes and then it finally went away on October 5th and then a week later I 've been on it ever since. I 'm always nauseous, my migraines have gotten worse, my depression has gotten way out of control where I have been off work since September 25th had to find a therapist a pyschiatrist and I ended up in a mother and baby outpatient program at pine rest for 2weeks...for the past 3 weeks I 've been puking at least once or twice a week...I called my drs and I 'm getting it taken out on December 2nd 2016.
Taken for two weeks and have back pain. Stopped taking medicine.
My Dr. Prescribed Gabapentin for insomnia because she didn 't want me to use NyQuil or even low dose xanax. Trazadone made me feel hung over so I wouldn 't take that. I tried a couple times to take one 300mg capsule - which did nothing.  Then I tried 2 capsules as  it was prescribed as 1-2 capsules. I laid sleepless until 4am. I felt as if someone had turned the radio volume completely down but didn 't turn it off. I laid with a silent and blank mind but could move into sleep. Once I fell asleep I slept until 530am when my alarm went off. I felt completely drugged, dizzy, disoriented and even once I was at work I could not remember the names of the physicians I work with daily. I didn 't feel safe to drive or care for my patients. Never taking it again.
PHYSICAL EXPERIENCE:- Insertion hurt horribly like most people say- Intense cramping for first 2 months- Period gone but spotting every 2 weeks that lasts 7 - 9 days, not enough for a tampon but enough to ruin all your panties- Bloating, hunger, acne, weight fluctuation, etc. all true- Cramping randomly and intensely 4 - 5 times per weekEMOTIONAL EXPERIENCE: - Irritability and mood swings OFF THE CHARTS- Feeling of constant weight on chest, depression, anxiety- Trouble sleeping, insomnia, worrying- Decreased libido, aches at thought of having sex- When having sex I get into it &amp; it 's ok but harder to orgasmIt is November 27, removal scheduled for Nov. 30th... This is not worth it.I 'd rather risk pregnancy...
I took Genvoya for about 3 weeks... I had to stop. I was regularly having numbness on the left side of my body. In addition to that, I was having what felt like small stinging sensations all over my body (mainly in my stomach and back).  I also developed a skin irritation that I 'm still fighting to get rid of. I really regret switching to this med.
I have had the Mirena for 10 months now.  I have had to go back to the Doctor because my Mirena fell out of place.  They said the string to your Mirena can sometimes get tangled up with a tampon and when you pull the tampon out the Mirena gets pulled out of place. I have had my period ranging from 2-3 weeks each month. Also my husband can feel it during intercourse.  
I was on the patch for almost 6 six months and it at first it helped but after the second period it didn 't work I got really bad cramps I was bledding heavy like I did before followed by every other period after that.  i was on birth control and my obgyn switched me to the patched because I gained weight 20 lbs in a year! Followed by a lecture of how to eat right, well switching to the patch I lost 4 lbs! Also I got very headaches from the patch and it just couldn 't take it anymore I had to switch back to the pills!
Just purchased this drug last week and what a waste of money. I feel very sick and bed ridden. I only took two days worth (2 pills) and I won 't be taking it anymore. I cannot function on this drug. I 've never been pregnant but it feels like pregnancy symptoms are described, constantly nauseous, exhausted and sensitive to smells. I do not recommend this drug.
I received the 5 shot series and they did not work for me at all! My knee pain is worse than it 's ever been.
Well prescribed this medicine because I had an earache due to sinus build up. Once I started taking the medication everything was fine but a few days later I developed hives and ringing of the ears for some reason. I am allergic to penicillin but I have never had an antibiotic do this to me.
I can 't afford this medication. No insurance and it is ridiculously expensive even though I would love to try it as suppressive therapy.
I usually have irregular periods. I missed 2 months so my doctor prescribed Generess Fe. It 's cool that it 's chewable but taking this drug was not a pleasant experience. For one, my mood swings were incredibly out of whack. I was so depressed and angry and irritable. I couldn 't stand something like this having so much control over my emotions. I had serious bloating and my breasts were super swollen and I am already very busty so this was not very comfortable. I had painful migraines. The worst part about it was the CRAZY LONG PERIODS! I 've only completed 1 pack and I got my period last month but it 's still going on, 15 days now!! It 's not really heavy but it 's more than just spotting. I stopped taking it
I am 29 years old. Went to the doc for an ear infection and sinus pressure that I think turned into a bad sinus infection. Was given the 21 pill PAC 4 mg. Felt fine day 1, day 2 woke up feeling great but slowly felt numbness in my fingers, nose and cheeks throughout the morning. By lunch time I thought I was having a panic attack from the constant heart racing and shortness of breathe. At one point there was a stream of heat shooting down the back of my neck. Thought I was having an allergic reaction, but after reading other reviews (because it was a Friday after 5 and couldn 't reach my doc) it appears these are side affects. I will be going back to the doc Monday, this is why I hate taking meds. Feel like this drug is doing more harm than good.
I I wanted to give an update as I hadn 't started taking Requip on my first post. I had taken 2 doses, and had one episode of RLS the second day.  On the 3rd day, I was sitting in the waiting room at the colonoscopy clinic while my husband was in the back.  I kept dozing off, and would wake up, looking for my bottle of water, and it was in my purse,  sitting in my lap.  This happened over 4-5 times.   Anyhow, I took another dose that night, which was a Monday.  The next day, on the drive home, I was dozing, then woke up, raised up my seat, put my window down a little, reached out and pushed the mirror up!  I didn 't say anything, put my window back up, and went back to sleep.  That was my last dose and I threw the rest of it away.
I can 't rate the actual medication because I can 't afford it. I 've been on over 14 weeks of flagyl total and I am on disability and vancomycin is over 50% of my income so I can either die starving and homeless or die a slow painful death of c diff - which is how I currently feel. Right now it 's a coin toss
I took a second pill and had a severe reaction to it in less than 25 minutes. It started with nausea, hives, extremely dizzy and lightheaded, slurred speech, shortness of breath, rapid heart beat and rise in blood pressure and heart rate, severe anxiety and weakness. 
I&rsquo;m almost done with my second month of Yaz and it has been really tough. I was put on birth control for PCOS as a way to regulate my hormones and period. Both months about three weeks into the pack I get headaches, nausea, upper stomach cramps, exhaustion, throwing up, extremely sensitive breasts, horrible uterine cramps, sporadic facial hair growth (I have facial hair due to PCOS and I was hoping yaz would reduce it but it seems to make it grow faster during certain times of the month), and a terrible liquid yellow diarrhea (tmi I know). I&rsquo;m trying to stick it out but honestly I don&rsquo;t even know if this pill is helping with my hormone but we&rsquo;ll see.
Im 20 and took one shot back in October, my husband and I decided on trying for a baby within the next year so I did go for the second shot in December. The first month was great but ever since then I will go almost a month bleeding off a week or so then another month and I have the worst cramps ever. I am just now starting to get over the mood swings and depression. My face broke out bad, clearing up now. I also gained 20 Ibs and I know that was from the shot because I eat right and exercise. I will never take this again and will never recommend it to anyone. Now hopefully it will hurry and be completely out of my system so we can start making babies.
My wife started taking Viibyrd and she got every bad side effect. Violent, angry, mania and paranoid. That is truly the drug from hell! She would scream at me for hours and then started hitting and slapping me. I had to move out of the house and get an apartment and we are probably getting divorced. Viibyrd ruined my marriage...
I 've been on the pill for a month started my second month, and almost finished with week one. So far my cramps have still been horrible, and my acne has worsen since I 've been on the pill. Hoping for changes the third month!
I switched from the pill to this. I am sure this is a great method for other people, like it clears up acne and shortens periods. Not for me though. I could never get it to stay in place, always having to push it in place. I even tried a tampon applicator, but that only helped a bit. After about 5 days I took it out and called it quits. I could always feel it, and again it was always sliding out. Towards the end of my few days on it, it started to hurt for me because it was so irritating and causing me tons of discharge. Anyways, I am sure it works/worked well for others, but not for me.
I have lost extensive weight and have lots of energy but my hair is falling out and is so brittle is  breaking off at the ends. My numbers have gone down but your hair is usually a good indication of your health.  If the medication is doing this to my hair what other long terms effects am i going to have that I am unaware of. I am thankful that other people expressed their problem with hair loss also. I was told that I probably use too many chemicals on my hair.
I was prescribed terbinafine tablets as I had tried curanail paint on and the urea treatment. After about 2 weeks on the tablets I noticed the Base of my nail appeared healthy and clear although after 4 weeks the infection has since spread all the way to Base of my nail so the infection is actually worse now than it was before I started taking the tablets. The doctor says I should continue the course but I 'm now on my 3rd month and my whole nail is completely infected. I 've also been getting intense itching and chest pains.
If there was an option for zero stars out of ten it would receive zero. I got this put in my arm about a year and a half ago and since then have put on right around 100lbs. I never get a period but have the worst cramps I 've ever had in my life around every 3 months. I 've never had acne, and now I can 't get rid of it no matter how much medication I use. I am overly emotional and have the worst mood swings.  My best advice: STAY AWAY FROM IMPLANON
I went on this for bi polar disorder and depression. although it did help with my depression but not with my anger. it also made me gain weight!! Its only been a month and i 'm up 15 pounds.
So many people warned me against it but I wouldn 't listen. The convenience of not taking something every day or having to use condoms with my partner was too alluring. But 100% not worth it. I bled 20 days of the month - mostly spotting but due to unexpected random heavy periods at completely random times I had to wear a tampon always. The constant tampon wear dried out my nether regions to the point that I formed dermatitis down stairs and constantly had sores. This partnered with the hormonal changes completely destroyed my sex drive. Not to mention the cystic, painful acne, the hair thinning, constant painful breasts, horrible mood and yeast infections. I was 17 to 18 years old too! DO NOT RECOMMEND.
I have been on the depo shot for over a year now and I regret having it done! Everyone 's bodies are different! But my experience wasn 't good put it that way. I always have bad headaches and belly ache. The main problem for me was the weight gain I used to be size 12 now I 'm size 16-18!!! I always feel depressed and get very moody over little stupid things! I am coming off this and very much considering going on the copper coil as this doesn 't have any hormones. Some advice if you have had problems on the pill or anything you will probably get this on the depo. Also I haven 't had any periods on this which was the only good thing.
I was prescribed Invokana for high glucose (Prediabetes), not diabetic yet.  I have been on the medicine a little over a month.  I developed a yeast infection and my hair is shedding a lot--handfuls at a time. Dermatologist said it would shed for up to 10 more weeks. What a horrible side effect that is not mentioned anywhere!  I stopped taking the medicine.
I 've been bleeding for a year and a half consistently. I just don 't know if I can take it out without causing more bleeding. Absolutely do not suggest.
20 mg. Very disappointed with AD effects after 4 months. Less cravings for booze + cigs than effexor. Constipation, sluggishness, slightly improved cognition.
I am on my third box of Saxenda and I have not lost one ounce.  I had lost 50 pounds on my own but couldn 't go any further.  My doctor recommended Saxenda.  I started August 22 and it is now November 16.  I went back to the doctor and he stated I am the only one who has not lost of the patients he recommended.  He even laughed and said I must be getting the fake pens.  He wants me to continue and stated he would ask the rep the percent who this has not worked for.  The company and the girl asked the batch number but I was at work so I did not have that information.  A nurse was suppose to call me after 3:00 pm but I have not heard anything from anyone and that was at least a month ago.
This pill is total shit. it was prescribe to me to regulate my periods and while it did do that, the side effects were horrendous. The third week of the third month I suffered a severe panic attack at work and was out of work for the rest of that week. I barely left my house and was afraid to drive for the remainder of the week.I had subsequent panic attacks and severe anxiety for the rest of that week along with chest pains and heart palpitations. At one point my anxiety levels were so high I thought I would vomit. I was so scared that I would drop dead any minute from a heart attack. This drug made me a severely anxious emotional irrational mess of a human being. and many of the side effects have lingered for the past five months....
After reading other reviews I 'm trying it again. My symptoms are so severe that most nights I don 't sleep.Not sure if it didn 't work the first time It was prescribed due to its counter action with other meds so I 'm trying it again.
Not seeing any improvement with this medication. Was using another medication prior to this and it 's a cheaper, over the counter product, and it at least seemed to stun the fungus and stop it 's production into the nail beds.
Requip stopped the restless legs, but caused severe insomnia for me which defeated the purpose for taking it
Took a tablet less than 24hours ago ,The taste in my mouth was so bad eventually I bought it back up. I stopped taking it and few hours later started , phenoxymethyl-However , I managed to get the taste out my mouth by brushing my teeth, doing a warm water salt mouth wash and very regularly sipping squash so there 's constantly another taste in my mouth. If I don 't drink for a little too long It starts to come back and to me the taste is unbareable. Hope this helps
I really struggled with this product, yes I quit smoking but I was so nauseas all the time, after taking the evening pill I would have to go to bed due to the debilitation of the nausea.  The product worked but I didn 't continue onto the 2nd lot of 4 weeks as I couldn 't bear the thought of the terrible discomfort.  I found that when I stopped taking the Champix I had such bad depression and I really struggled for the first few days after stopping.  Yes it makes you stop smoking but for some like me not so good.
I had some horrible side effects. All my hair, eye lashes and eye brows fell out. I have super thin hair now, no eye lashes and hardly any eye brows. I had 4 treatments with this drug. At that time, I experienced severe pain that I had to go to the ER for, all of finger nails and toe nails fell out. I also had what seemed to be chemical burns on my hands and feet. My skin peeled off to reveal red sore skin. I also had infection at my cuticle sight on my all of my fingers. Though I have been in remission for 4 years, the side effects were awful. This was my second round of chemo. I had a first treatment with a different drug, 3 surgeries and then this chemo followed with radiation.
Worst experience ever.I got my nexplanon in January of 2015. Insertion was alright, it bruised pretty bad and always itched. I was under the impression I would not have a period at all, but the exact opposite occurred. I have had off and on periods that typically last about a month. Being in the military and on a deployment I didn 't want to have to worry about my period, but oh boy I did. Mood swings like crazy. One second I was alright and loved the world and then the next I was yelling at my boyfriend for the smallest things and wanting to cry. I was on the pill previously and did not experience anything like that. I got it removed earlier today and it was a wave of relief. Finally I know I will have regular periods!!
I have a terrible taste/smell...like something electrical. Doctor said I have a sinus infection. This medicine has had no effect at all. (Positive or negative). I just finished one week of 2-250mg tablets daily. Doctor said to refill after a week if I don 't see any results.
I 've been taking this for two months and hate it. My periods have been extremely worse than the ones I had before the pill. Plus I 'm spotting every. single. week. In addition, I am so nauseous, lower sex drive, and very moody. I forgot to take this pill one night and felt way better the next day. I took the pill that night, and started feeling sick again immediately. I thought I 've had a flu bug, but I think it 's the effects of this medication!
Very bad side effects; my Dr. recommended this pill because I wanted to avoid weight gain and have reliable birth control.  I took it for 9 days.  During that time,  I gained almost 10lbs; my normal weight is 120.  My chest is hugely swollen and very painful.  Stopped taking it and still waiting to get back to normal.
Man this is disgusting the flavour is  from the depths of hell
Mirena has given me migraine headaches everyday day of the 3 months I 've been on it! I 've been dizzy, very anxious. And I feel like I am not myself. I 'm 24, have two kids, 3 and 4 years old and I want to be emotionally well for them. Ever since I 've had Mirena placed my life has changed I have horrible headaches day and night. I 'm getting it removed this month because I want to be myself again. I also want to mention that before Mirena I was on the Depo Shot for 3 years nonstop and switched to Mirena. I don 't know if that has anything to do with the side effects. 
I 've been on my period since the day I got it (August 27, 2016 ).  With this rod I have been very depressed . It goes from heavy to light then right back to heavy.  I was off my period for 2 days throughout the past 6 months . Would never recommend . :(
First and last month on this. I did notice mild nausea for a half a day at the start of the pack but that went away quickly. I 'm not sure if I 've gained any weight but it sure does seem like it. My breasts are wayyyy more tender than they ever have been but the worst thing is the spotting. I 've been spotting for the last three days and its so painful. My periods are usually easy and last only a few days. The cramps I 've experienced before this pill were mild compared to the cramps brought on my Tri Lo. I was on Yaz when I was 18 and had NO issues with it so I 'm going to try switching. The spotting is horrible and I think it 's given me a yeast infection or something cause I 'm unusually itchy. I 'M DONE WITH THIS PILL!!
To tell my experience to you girls would take a whole page.  I do not recommend this birth control to anyone unless the research all the side effects.   I had a miscarriage afterwards my husband and I decided we didn 't want anymore children.  We already have 3 kids and 2 miscarriages.  Two weeks after my D &amp; CI asked my dr for the depo shot.  Huge mistake,  I didn 't ask for the pill because I had gotten pregnant before on sprintec.  My experience has been horrible acne.  I usually have very good skin.  I have gained 7 pounds and my hair is shedding like crazy.  The worst part is I have been bleeding for 10 weeks.  My dr gave me a pill to stop the bleeding but it hasn 't helped.  As soon as I think the spotting is done I get a gush.
I wish I could give this medication a ZERO. I had been on Ortho Tri-cyclin Lo for 8 years with no side effects. My insurance switched me to Sprintec and I only took it for a week when my entire face broke out which never happens to me, I had horrible head aches and developed an ulcer which I 'm not sure is related.
I had the 31 recommended injections.  In the first 24 hours, I developed extreme injection site pain.  It felt like electrified acid had been injected into my head and neck.  All the injection sites became extremely itchy and my eye balls were itchy.  48 hours later, my neck and shoulders locked into knots.  At 72 hours (after the weekend), I returned to my doctor.  Doctor said that it was all in my head, even though I couldn 't turn my head to look over my shoulder.  He prescribed Benadryl and Aleve.  Benadryl helped the itchiness, but Aleve did nothing for the neck and shoulder pain.  I 've tried Motrin, heat, massage and muscle relaxers... nothing has worked.  At 10 days out, I can 't hold my head up.  Doctor is sending me to the ER.
Terrible experience! Before getting married, I decided to go on hormonal birth control. I started taking Minastrin 2 months before our wedding, and lasted for about that 2 months on it. It wreaked havoc on my body and I haven 't been the same since. It 's been about 1.5 years since then. I had never had cramping with periods or any kind of pms symptoms for that matter, and have always been a very laid back person. As soon as I went on it I became extremely temperamental and felt angry about the slightest things! I also had TERRIBLE periods with clots and cramping. Headaches, loss of appetite, and break outs everywhere. My Doc suggested I try a lower dose, but I was done with HBC. We switched to Fertility Awarness Method and love it!!
I started taking Yasmin after experiencing low moods on a previous pill.  However, I found Yasmin caused me to experience migraines during the week before my periods and also during the week I was having my period.  I also experienced very low and tearful moods which caused arguments with my boyfriend.  None of these aspects improved after a few months and I then had to change to another birth control pill.
Im 64 yrs old.  3rd week at the high does and my lost all my weight in the first 2 weeks of 5 lbs. and have stopped loosing.  Very discouraged now because I need to loose at least 50 more lbs.  I have been doing more aerobic exercises to help the process along.
I just wanted to start taking this BC because I have a bf. But this pill is giving me all sorts of symptoms.1. I spot every morning2. I get really sad and confused or irritated3. Gas...4. Acne is taking over my face5. Worst nausea after I eat anything6. And occasional headaches.I am getting off this pill asap..If you want these symptoms, this is the pill that you are looking for.
Woke up the second day with an annoying headache and then came agitation, mood swings, depression and bouts of crying for no reason, my life was very stable yesterday beside pneumonia and I am a very happy person.... this medication is dangerous!!!
I am 17 and was on it for half a year and never had a period. I got off it in January and still today have no period and its been 10 months. 
This is terrible, honestly. I was on ortho tri cyclen but then my pharmacy told me I ran out of refills. Ever since I was put on this I have gained 10 lbs in 3 months (which I haven 't gained/loss more than 3 lbs in over 5 years). My moodiness has caused me to start fights with my boyfriend like crazy and I feel awful almost 24/7 even though I 'm on Prozac as well. The only thing that works is the actual birth control part.
At first I was so excited, I though I was going to be free for 3 years, man was I wrong! I got it inserted about 3 months ago and this has been some of the worst times in my life. I 've had extreme depression, anxiety, paranoia, I no longer trust my boyfriend, I 've been having suicidal thoughts, some days I can 't get out of bed, I feel insane, I 'm not myself, l became very antisocial. Unfortunately I have to wait till June 6th to get it out and I don 't know what I 'm going to do in that time...
I have been very grouchy and miserable since I started taking Savella.
I was on this drug for a long time and the only thing I can report is that I felt like a zombie most of the time, was so tired that I could barely function ( lost my job as a result of it ), and had absolutely no desire for sex whatsoever. I rarely felt that I was thoroughly enjoying anything that was going on in my life, it completely numbed me out to a traumatic experience that I should have been dealing with and as a result of being on it I did not fully process that experience until getting off of the medication... That and the withdrawal symptoms were debilitating, and terrible. Brain zaps are not a fun experience and they were bad with this one.
This pill ruined my life. Before taking this, I had very mild acne. 2 weeks into the first pack and my skin was so bad I wouldn&rsquo;t leave my house. I&rsquo;d never experienced anything like it before. My mood swings were crazy, I&rsquo;d cry constantly for NO reason! I became extremely depressed and I had a very short temper. It killed my energy, made me fat. Oh, and my hair fell out and I got terrible Melasma on my upper lip &amp; nose (which still hasn&rsquo;t gone away...) My doc told me to stick it out for 3 months.. I hoped for the best but on month 5 I had to call it quits. Been off of it for 6 months now and my skin &amp; mood have slightly improved but I&rsquo;m still trying to undo the terrible effects caused by this pill. My skin &amp; hair haven&rsquo;t been the same since
Didn 't improve any symptoms.Side Effects:1.	It was messing up my stomach and starting to cause problems with my acid reflux2.	I had several episodes of feeling really anxious and my heart would race &ndash; on the verge of panic attack, maybe?3.	Very slight fear of the dark
I bought a squeeze bottle 2 days ago and used it twice before the bottle opened at the seam and leaked all the solution everywhere. This is no longer a quality product and I will be using alternatives.
Does absolutely nothing. I might as well have taken nothing at all. Was taking Generic L
Left me with Post-SSRI Sexual Dysfunction.. a year and a half passed by without significant improvement. I had been using 75 mg for less than a year.I recommend you to never take a SSRI.
I had this inserted after my fourth child during my six week check up, I had bruising at insertion site, and discomfort throughout the entire time in my left arm. I 've normally stayed the same weight throughout my pregnancies and after I usually lost the weight within few months. My periods before implant were always heavy and wk long....after implant they were inconsistent , spotting and then completely disappeared. I have suffered hair loss I, gained 60lbs from this implant !!!60 pounds it 's horrible I am so upset I weigh more more than I at my 9month preg weigh in! Tried several diets....had it from Aug 2013-oct2016 horrible horrible if I had connected the dots sooner I would 've taken it out earlier.please dont do it.use condoms or abstain
I had the implant put in a year ago. Everything was fine that day my boyfriend an I were joking around having an awesome day and a few days after that he says something in me clicked. I was lost, depressed, no sex drive at all, I would pick fights, was even suicidal. Nothing in my life had changed. My hair started thinning. I had long luscious beautiful hair. Had to chop it off. Had it removed only after a month. I couldn 't take it anymore. After a year now of having it out. My mood has elevated, sex drive not so much an my hair is still pretty thin. This was a terrible experience. I will no longer be a lab rat for these companies pumping artificial hormones in my body.
I took 1/2 of 150 mg Oleptro for 4 days and had the worst experience of my life. After the first dose, I slept for 19 hours and still woke feeling heavily medicated. After two cups of coffee and a meal, was able to stay awake for five hours but was not totally coherent. Took another 1/2 pill at bedtime and slept without waking until 10:00 the next morning. During all of this &quot;rest&quot; I had the strangest dreams. Not nightmares, but they left me feeling bad and confused. I was able to stay awake and plant flowers, but still felt drugged. I also had an overwhelming feeling of sadness that brought me to tears. Monday morning, I woke up vomiting with severe stomach pains. My vision became more blurred with each day. I have been out of work for a week. 
I was taking Pristiq for 3 weeks and it was working well.  After six weeks I started experiencing extreme agitation and severe headaches where I could not function.  
DO NOT GET THIS IMPLANT!I was on my menstrual for about the usual time, almost a week, when I got my implant. The day getting it, I stopped menstruating for the day and fallowing day. Then to my surprise, I started again and it went on for two months straight. Not to mention the MOST PAINFUL cramps I have ever had in my life. When the horror stopped, I was free from pain and bleeding for only two weeks before the nightmare continued. Currently, I am scheduling my removal Immediately. And I am having those horrid cramps again.By the way, the removal is horrible.
I started on Lexapro which worked at first for me, then a month later made me feel like a zombie because I was so drowsy so my doctor started me on 200mg of Wellbutrin a day. The first few days were fine and then after about a week the crazy suicidal thoughts started. Then came the mood swings and short fuze. After 2 weeks of this medication I couldnt stand anyone around me or even myself. I didnt want to be talked to or even looked at I felt depressed, life wasn 't worth anything. So, my doctor changed me to Prozac 20mg and so far seems to be a good fit.
1st day on Abilify seemed like I had energy. 2-3 days later insomnia set in big time. Even tried taking 2 Lunesta...didn 't work.  2 weeks later, I was in the ER from side effects. Tremors, not comfortable in my own skin, slurred speech, couldn 't focus or concentrate.  Spouse thought I 'd had a stroke.  They gave me Ativan and Benadryl.  I got a new Psychiatrist after that. Just starting on Lithium now.  We 'll see.
One 5ml dose of Hydromet had me nauseous and vomiting for around 8 hours. It killed my cough while also killing me. The end.
I got Implanon in on October 2013, after a month my cycle of period has become strange. Starting off being light(spotting) for a week or two, then stopped. But after a while (a week) really heavy like soaking super tampon in 10 mins. That continued a day or two, then light again, lasting for more than 1-2 months at a time, stopping and starting of blood flow during a period. I also experienced cramping and  bloating sometimes, started to gain weight after three month gained 5 kg in three month, some mood swing (but not too bad) I 've got it removed of course.
The medicine isn 't doing anything for me whether its 50mg or 100mg. My symptoms  haven 't improved at all.
I 'd taken Amoxil before and had no reaction to it, but apparently you can develop an allergic reaction to this medicine. The doctor prescribed this along with a new allergy medicine so it took about three days before the allergy medicine couldn 't fight off the reaction that I (up until that point) didn 't realize I was having to Amoxil.  It started with swollen spots in the back of my throat before I went to bed.  My roommates mother is a nurse and told me to take extra Benadryl which is probably what saved me because by 4am I had to go to the emergency room because my throat was swelling closed and I only had a small airway left.  The good thing was that this reaction took place over several hours and could EASILY be treated.
My gyno prescribed this pill because I 've had dysfunctional uterine bleeding and I 'm guessing this brand must be used to help with this. A week after I started taking this I started noticing that it felt like my heart was racing and I could feel tingling down my left arm. I asked my doctor about it and they said that sometimes the shift in hormones while taking birth control can cause this. I kept taking it and kept having what felt like heart palpitations. They were very uncomfortable and would wake me at night frequently. Finally after a couple weeks of this I 'd had enough. My Dr recommended I stop the pill and get cardiology monitoring. I had an EKG done and the results were normal. But ended up in the ER. This pill is not for everyone.
Have been taking for 5 days now at the maximum dosage for a tooth infection. No relief from the pain and all I 've experienced is terrible heartburn.
Ortezla made me so very sick.  I give this drug all thumbs down.Almost ended up in the hospital.  It has very bad side effects, some not even listed
I got my first shot in August and I didn 't get my period until late October right before my second shot. It is now March and I have not stopped bleeding since October. That 's like six months. The Depo has also made me gain twenty pounds and I have acne as well. 
I had a birth control inplanted in my arm 3 weeks ago and I am having it taken out, I have experienced bad headaches, I break out and have bad mood swings usually I am a sweet person but now I am the opposite I am mean and I don 't like that at all. It has caused my relationship with my bf bad all we do is fight. I would not recommended anyone to get this. My doctor had told me also I would not get a period and I have got one already I liked the fact it would last up to 3 years but it 's not worth all the stuff I 'm going through.
This never worked for me, not even a little.  It might have been a placebo.  Testin works GREAT!!!
I started Seasonique to cut down on periods, cramping and help with PMS. The bleeding (light) and cramping (mild) began the 2nd week I started Seasonique. Basically, I have been bleeding for (4) weeks straight (enough to have to wear a pad everyday). I called the Seasonique manufacturer and she told me to call my doctor. I had to beg my doctor to put me on Seasonique in the first place because of the good things I had heard about it. Also, I don 't have insurance and had to go through a lot of red tape to get it. I guess I 'll just stop taking it. Previously, my periods were getting heavier and PMS worse (I am 41). I 'm not worried about getting pregnant, I just don 't want to suffer. I took Loestrin 1.5/30 back in my 20 's and had almost no periods and it worked great. I don 't even know if it exists anymore. Now, my period is all screwed up (it used to come on the same day each month).
I started on Opdivo 6 weeks ago because my chemo and radiation did not keep the cancer at bay. I decided to try it to build up my immune system. The first time I had it as I was at the end of the IV I started feeling cold and my blood pressure shot up. The nurses gave me shots to bring it down. The second time I had it, every other week, They gave me some steroids first so I wouldn 't have a reaction and I didn 't. I did have some achey bones and breakthrough pain. The third time I had it and last time It went fine until I started having 103 degree fevers and my entire body broke out in a red itchy rash. I am on Prednisone IV 's and I 'm weaning off it right now but the rash is so itchy and nothing takes it away! Too many reactions...
The sickest six weeks of my life. Constant nausea accompanied by intermittent vomiting, headaches and flu-like symptoms.  I would have  had to die to feel better.  An emotional wreck, severe bouts of crying, feelings of utter despondency and hopelessness that were not present before taking.  I am amazed that this drug made it through the FDA with such high incidences of nausea.  Absolutely horrible experience.
I got my very first Depo shot in May and got my period on schedule in June, except it lasted for 2 weeks. Two weeks after it ended I got my period again (July 5th) and have been on it for the past 7 weeks, going on 8. I 'm waiting for it to bleed out but it recently got heavier. I 've called around to different offices and they 've said the same thing: that I should just get another shot, and that irregular bleeding is normal for the first 6 months. I was having debilitating cramps in June, which I 'm pretty sure is linked to the shot because I 've never felt that pain before. Other than that, I haven 't had cramps at all. I did notice that I am extremely angry on this birth control, and I started breaking out on my cheeks.
I switched from epzicom,rayataz,norvir, to epzicom,prezcobix. So far i got itchy rash on my arm my viral load has gone up. gives me insomnia swollen legs , back pain , realy bad insomnia . i would not recomend this to anyone . the original reg i was on just gave me insomnia so i am going to switch back and hope my viral load goes back down.
I was taking Pristiq for 3 weeks and it was working well.  After six weeks I started experiencing extreme agitation and severe headaches where I could not function.  
I 've used this pill for a month and I 've gained 10 pounds in just one month, and I became very moody. Besides, I 've got a break through bleeding and it lasted over than a week. 
I have had the Paragard for 2 weeks and have had a headache everyday since the 3rd day. I have been exhausted and weak. One night I had 1 cocktail and felt like I was dying and could hardly walk without feeling like I would faint. My brain is foggy, I can 't concentrate and feel like I am in a bad dream every day.
Started Singulair approx 1 wk ago. I will say it 's an asthma miracle, but the side effects are unreal. I had extreme irritability (out of character for me) severe fatigue when normally active, mood changes, depression, anxiety. I wish doctors would really explain this to new users thanks to all of you who reviewd this medicine and gave me insite on what was going on, that 's the reason for my post too. 
I 've had this form of bc 4 years now. About one year after using this product I started having mood swings feeling so weak and tired,but never thought about my Nexplanon having to be the blame! Making an appointment next week to have it removed!! I use to never take a nap after work now just about everyday I feel awful if I don 't lay day to nap I fell sick to the stomach..I really want to feel like myself again..I would not recommend this BC
Took 1 pill woke up with rapid heartbeat 117 , chills, fever, head pressure, blood pressure high and nausea.  It 's been 4 hrs and heartbeat not back to normal.Beware, this is one bad drug
I took Contrave for approximately 3 weeks.  I did not lose any weight.  I felt uneasy the entire time.  Nauseous, lightheaded, vertigo symptoms and wobbly legs.   My mind said I was hungry/starving even as I was eating a meal.  I did not like the fact that you had to  'ramp-up ' to four pills a day.  My experience was not good and I would not recommend it.
I went to a new dermatologist because my acne is out of control.  I 've had acne for 10 years and this is the worst it has ever been.  He gave me Acanya for the morning and it stings so bad I could cry.  My face turns red, it 's tight, burning, and not improving.  I 've been using Acanya for almost a week, I know results might take longer.  As for now, I am not happy. Just be warned, it is very drying and can make your day uncomfortable.
Not a suitable long term drug for Ulcerative colitis. It 's just put my 75 year old Father in hospital as it 's contributed to his blood sugar rising past 30!
I am glad to see that so many people had a positive experience with Xolair on this review page, I hope these reviews are real.  I was fine on Xolair for about a year, although I will say I did not notice too much difference.  In fairness, my asthma was relatively under control at the time with a daily steroid (Symbicort).  One day after a shot, I experienced what can only be described as the most ridiculous sounding symptom on the Xolair box, feelings of impending doom.  This was 3 years ago and I have suffered from severe anxiety ever since.  My life, including my marriage, has been drastically affected by Xolair.  PLEASE use caution before taking this and more importantly before letting your children take it.
The only reason I found this website is because I noticed all the side effects I was having from this birth control and wanted to know how others felt. I had been thinking something was wrong or I was just depressed or something but now it all makes sense. I have gained SO MUCH WEIGHT its ridiculous and I hardly eat anything yet it makes me want food all the time. It puts me in the WORST mood and makes me tired. 
I have been on Lipitor for two weeks and will stop tomorrow.  My legs are hurting and cannot sleep.  For the first few days I was fine but now I ache from my hips down to my calfs.  I also have stomach cramps.  This is not for me, will tell Dr. this week and hopefully can try something else.
Long term use of this drug caused really bad side effects in my husband. It caused his body to quit producing a natural sodium.
Lunesta vs generic I have taken Lunesta for several years.  My mind refuses to turn off at night and I typically would only sleep three hours or so. Lunesta worked great!  I fell asleep fairly soon after I took it then woke up at 6am without drowsiness.This generic however, does absolutely nothing!My mind races all night  long.  I spoke with pharmacist about this being a placebo.  He said that all generic companies are reputable.Insurance will not cover Lunesta without a reason.  Fortunately, now I have one.  This drug (RDY eszopiclone)  should be analysed by the FDA.
I 'm an 18 year old girl and I have ADD along with Bipolar/Schizoaffective. Because I have psychotic symptoms, the highest dose of Adderall I can take is 30mg. My problem is, it doesn 't keep me focused more then 3 hours or so because the dose is low and even though it 's a low dose, I can 't seem to eat at all. I 've been struggling with my weight for a while due to hyperthyroidism. I 'm 5 '00 and 89-95 lbs. my goal weight is 100. I can 't afford to lose more weight. The risks are outweighing the very minimal benefits.
I have been on Jolessa for 41 days and for the last 16 I have been bleeding some days with terrible terrible cramping then clotting like crazy and just when I think it 's over it remains and I am bleeding again. I can 't wait for my appointment, I may stop before then.
I 've had 2 cooper IUD 's. The first one for 6 years and in the end I got it removed because I developed thyroid disease and read the copper IUD may be related to that. I really never knew for sure but I noticed a drastic change after I got it removed, I eased up on panic attacks I was having, and just felt so much better. This second experience though was frightening, I got it placed an two weeks after I got pains that were exactly like birth pains. I got it removed today and literary felt better immediately. Oh my God!!! No question about it. The copper iud does not agree with my system and I urge every woman to read other peoples experience. The copper IUD is poison.
48 weeks treatment of HCV 1(a   b) by NHS (UK national free Medicaid? equivalent). Dosage was lowered at one point due to adverse side effects on blood count, re: haemolytic anaemia, thrombocytopenia, neutropenia.  Post treatment suffered acute pancreatitis episode.Numerous other adverse side effects during and post treatment chronic (for 9 years) side effects attributable to (either/both) ribavirin and interferon - the more serious chronic effects include: depression, anxiety, memory impairment, fatigue, sleep disorder, concentration and executive function impairment. Brief episode of delusion / psychosis during treatment. Initially responded but relapsed early during treatment despite rigorous adherence to treatment schedule.
This is the third week I have been on this pill. Absolutely worst birth control I have ever taken. I have been having really bad pains in my chest like the left side where my heart is. Shortness of breath, pains in my breast, and mind grains on a daily basis. I am stopping this pill as of today. I think I will just use condoms because I not putting my life at risk again.
At first I was on 25mg as needed and took it about an hour or so before bed to help me &quot;turn off&quot; my mind and help me sleep a bit.  The next morning 10+ hours after taking the pill, I was a walking zombie until well into the afternoon.  My dosage was lowered to 10mg and although I didn 't have the major day after drowsiness it still helped me sleep.  I took it during the day and it felt like I took several Benadryl 's and I was unable to function for the afternoon because I was so drowsy.  Good thing I was at home when I took it.  Unfortunately, although it did help me sleep, it didn 't do much to calm my anxiety.  I took it at the start of an anxiety attack and 40 minutes into it I was still having symptoms.
This is by far the WORST medication I 've ever used. I 've used the seven day treatment before and had no problems. But I just used the three day and I 've been in HELL for the last five hours. It 's now 2:30 am and I still can 't sleep. The only thing that seems to work is a cold wash cloth down there, and even that is hit or miss. It 's swollen, bright red, and it feels like it 's itching and burning all the way up my vagina. Never. Again.
I have been prescribed Biaxin twice in the past three months. The first onset of sinusitis took 6 weeks to clear. 1 week before Christmas it comes back with the worst pressure, 2 ER visits later they tell me the sinusitis is back. This round with Biaxin has left me: dehydrated, constant bathroom trips after eating anything, weight loss (12lbs in 2 weeks). 
Works for all of five minutes.  When you take too much I get stomach pain.
This drug ruined 11  years of my life &amp; continues to do so. I was given no addback therapy, nor told of any side effects, only the leaflet to read at home AFTER I 'd already been given 3 month Lupron shot &amp; told it will help my excruciating Endometriosis pain. After reading leaflet in it 's entirety I immediately called my OB/GYN &amp; asked about addback, Calcium &amp; lots more questions. I was scared of all side-effects listed on the leaflet &amp; wished I had known about them before (I 'd have refused) or that I could UNDO the shot! He told me worst that may happen are few hot flashes. My pain worsened, I got OSTEOPOROSIS, lost several teeth &amp; couldn 't walk unasisted for 6mths. THIS IS TRULY A HORRIBLE DRUG!!!
I am gaining weight.
hello ladies! well I started taking this pill about 3 1/2 MONTHS ago after taking Lo Loestrin for over a year, which btw I loved. I switched because apparently my doctor wanted me to get my period back and he thought that by increasing the estrogen dosage my period would ergo come back. Well, it didnt!  So far  I do NOT like this birth control. My mood has changed and so has my libido, which is crazy because I 'm like the female version of Christian Grey (Fifty Shades of Grey reference) I gained 6 FREAKING pounds, I already can 't see things that are far away and this pills has made it worse. I CANNOT wait to go back to Lo Loestrin. Hope my experience helps some of your ladies and please let me know if any of you also lost your period lol
For all these people that is having a really bad reaction and feeling even worse, let me tell you that you are so infected with candida. You need to have a candida cleaning otherwise you will never get that vagina yeast infection sorted. Do a bit of research about candida and you will be so surprised.
It didn 't work for me.  It gave me opposite effect.  It would me up and left me wide eyed alert awake.  But no other sleeping pills work either.  Most wind me up and make me antsy.
I had an abortion in April 2017 and bled the way u should after abortion like having a baby. I was given this birth control due to no insurance and started taken it I missed a period for a month then my period came on and I 've been bleeding now 16 days and I have not stopped this is the absolute worse I hoping my Medicaid cuts in so I can go back to Nuva ring
I used this for one month with little to no results on my face; on my chest, it cleared up the clogged pores very quickly. I 'll be switching back to Epiduo, a stronger retinoid and less risky anti-septic (topical antibiotics pose the risk of creating antibiotic resistant bacteria). After seeing that most of you experienced notable improvement within a month, if not a few weeks, I 'm forfeiting this treatment.
I developed severe calf and back thigh cramps at night after the first use. The allergist said that only about 3% of users develop leg cramps, but I don 't see this mentioned at all in the side effects.
Within an hour my eyes were getting very red and then stinging.   I felt very irritated and not normal and suffered a loss of balance and depressed feelings.  Had to hold onto things to keep from falling and strangers noticed and asked if I was all right.  A little better the next day but eyes still very red and burning.   Was told by my doctor to rinse my eyes and it would help but hasn 't made much difference yet.  Cool not ice packs seem to help the most.Not sure if I can take it at my next eye exam.
I have taken 50mg of Trazodone on two non consecutive nights and have had very severe side effects. Both nights, I recall having an extremely high heart rate, a massive headache caused by sinus pressure, it caused extreme post Nasal drip, and I had trouble swallowing because of the dry mouth. By 430 am on the second night that I tried taking Trazodone  I took an Atavan because I was panicking because I could not sleep. Afterwards I felt incredibly dizzy, because the two medications don 't mix well together. Tonight I decided I would skip the medication and see if I could sleep without it. It is 1247 am and I 'm still awake. I spent a night last week in a sleep disorder lap, but I was unable to sleep there either.
took it for two weeks, after a week started getting sick as a dog.  foul stomach, diarrhea, tired. can 't wait to stop using it...
I asked my doctor if we could try something different as I was on Effexor and the sexual side effects were kind of rough on a newlywed.He prescribed Wellbutrin. Not only did I rapidly taper off Effexor, but the Wellbutrin send me into a manic state where all I did was clean, yell, and cry. I had panic attacks all the time. Wellbutrin will definitely not help with anxiety.
Makes me sleep, diarrhea. And dissolves in my mouth
Don 't ladies just DON 'T!!! I have never in my life felt the kind of pain I 'm in right now. I am currently in the fetal position in unbearable pain and I 'm a girl with a HIGH pain tolerance. I went to my gynecologist today and was diagnosed with yeast infection after he looked at the discharge under a microscope, he prescribed me the antifungal pill which I took, but while in the pharmacy I thought that I would tackle it at both ends and also get an over-the-counter yeast infection pill to insert and help along the pill I am taking by mouth. It  is possibly one of the worst mistakes I think I have ever made in my entire life.
I am sure Effexor has helped many people over the years. I was one of the first patients to take Prozac I was given ever increasing doses as my depression increased. At first, I was HEALED! I wound up in hospital with psychotic break, due to SSRI 's. Effexor was given to me a few years later ( Doctors still did not correlate medication as possible issue ) and again I got more depressed. At this point I was taking a bi-polar med Lithium. The Dr. abruptly stopped Effexor from a high dose., and I do not remember the next month. I was on the payphone in a psych- ward  talking to my Mom and came back. The nurses said I do not want to know what happened. I take my meds everyday, at the same time, see my Dr. every 3 months, and am well.
AWFUL BC Method!! While on Skyla I got pregnant about exactly a year after having it in. It was in place and I was having regular monthly periods. Not to mention about six months after having it in I developed a ovarian cyst the size of a grapefruit that had to be surgically removed. The cyst also killed one of my ovaries causing in the removal of one of my ovaries and one of my Falopian tubes. Seriously this method is not safe. After finding out I was pregnant I found a lot of others who had gotten pregnant on this.
Been on victoza 0.6 mg for a week. Was on a flozin before which was wonderful, lost a stone and g ad tons of energy. Then I was forced to go onto victoza. Felt sick with headache since, stomach pain, constipation, always but thirsty. In fact so thirsty I can 't sleep, no matter how much water I drink. Sore throat, which puts me off solid food. Hungry all the time but cut down on carbs so can 't fill up. Plus, my blood sugar has shot up from 9 to 14 on this rubbish. Wondering whether the higher 1.2 dose would work, but scared of feeling even more ill. The energy I gained on the flozin has gone, I just want to sleep all the time. I am forced to use this as it was prescribed, they said they want to keep me on it 6 months. Can 't wait to get back on t,
Justin became very shaky, weak, lost stability that he has not gained back. He went into massive seizures when on the drug. After two hospitalizations, we took him off. It has been over a year and he continues to have difficulty with standing up in the mornings and walking all the time.
Terrible. I felt it when I moved around no matter how many times I re-positioned it, I was in such pain. And it just doesn 't sit well with me that there 's some biodegradable thing inside of me. Nope, no way.
The first time that I took this medication I immediately became sick and it made my allergies worse.  It started by making my throat scratchy which tends to lead to running nose, itchy eyes and sneezing.  I presumed that it must have been the medicine because it happened immediately after I used the spray.  It was confirmed two days ago when I used the spray again.  My throat became scratchy and I felt horrible.  I believe that the medicine is causing post nasal drip which in turn is making my throat hurt.  I noticed that there is an additional ingredient in this spray called &quot;Azelastine&quot; that is not in Flonase.  If I had to guess I would say that is the reason for the sour throat.  I will not be using this product again.
I am 25, 130lbs and am in good overall health. I have been taking this medication for almost 3 months now and as of today I am going off of it. It didn 't make me gain weight, but my mood has been horrific. I have no motivation to do anything, I quit going to the gym and am constantly in a bad mood. It also made me break out like crazy. Big, ugly, long lasting breakouts too. I can 't handle it anymore and neither can my husband. I 'm finding something else. 
On Pristique for two years with good results, then started getting really depressed.  Doc prescribed 150 mg of Effexor for six weeks.  I didn 't feel any better and was having horrible nightmares and constipation.  I was so disgusted so I weaned myself off over period of six weeks.  I thought I was going insane, the nightmares increased and I was jumping out of bed during the night with leg cramps ,was nauseated and dizzy. When the dizziness got so bad that I fell down, I went to ER and they told me that was withdrawal symptoms and go back to doc.  Now I am down to 37,5 mg a day. Nightmares not so severe but have terrible leg cramps. Hope to be off after one more week.
Had a slipped disc with sciatic pain diagnosed before new year. Had been having heart palpitations, anxiousness, blurry vision and having suicidal thoughts. Felt could be due to the drugs I 'm taking and turns out... it 's all from lyrica. 
I 'm 15 and using this birth control to regulate my period. This is the first pill I 've been on and I 've been taking it for 5 days only. It gave me serious side effects and an allergic reaction. I have a red rash on my face, severe stomach pains and vomiting.
I had a emergancy c section 23 weeks ago I have normal bowel movements but have been in constant pain since my section I had a X-ray and it showed fecal impact (full of poo) the gp have me these tablets and they are horrible I took 2 before bed as recomended woke up during the night in servere pain I 'd rather be in labour than have these pains I had severe diarrhoea with blood. I won 't be using these again ever. My stomach is still  bloated and I 'm being sick I wouldn 't recommend them to anyone and never give to children please it would haunt them for the rest of their lives
I HATED this birth control. It worked as in it prevented pregnancy and it regulated my periods, but the side effects were so horrible that I had to stop taking it. While I was on this birth control, I gained an extra 15-20 pounds that I COULD NOT LOSE despite the hours in the gym and the healthy eating. I felt like I was going insane... Hot flashes, extreme mood swings. The mood swings happened all of the time, not just during my period. It didn 't help alleviate cramps or anything. I will never ever ever take this again.
I tried Nucynta, it did not help the pain. I had a headache from it and it made my right leg numb. I had a stroke 20 years ago. 
This is also my first YI and while a wait for my doctors appointment my sister suggested I use Monistat. This is day one of treatment and I want this part of my body ripped out. The pain, the burning and itching is unbearable. I ran to the shower and stood there for what it seemed forever but the burning didn 't stop. I will try some of the recommendations many of you offered, lay down and watch Netflix until (cross fingers) I forget about the pain.
Little to no relief for knee pain!
My Doctor prescribed Mirapex for my Restless Legs Syndrome and it made me extremely sick! I couldn 't even get out of my bed for almost 24 hours and felt like a train wreck! I went back to Sinemet and it works great and is very inexpensive with my insurance.
No more effective or longer lasting than aspirin.
Thank God i read the reviews before applying this gel, I was planning to apply it all over my face just like my dermatologist suggested but after reading about the possible effects I decided to be cautious and apply the gel on one spot only, Acanya gel basically burned my skin,I have a red patch and it looks irritated, I will not use this anymore, I rather wait for the pimples to heal than burn my skin with this gelI 've been triying apple cider vinegar as a toner at nighttime to balance the PH of the skin and control the excess oiliness and I can see an improvement, mix half distilled water   half ACV
Gelnique gave me headaches and this was one of the side effects. I had to stop taking the medicine.
I 've never left a review for anything before, but I relied so heavily on this site the last 13 weeks that I felt like I should share my experience. I 've never suffered from terrible acne, but now, in my mid-twenties I 've been getting more cysts then ever before. I went to the dermatologist where he put me on Epiduo. I really wanted it to work, but the number of cysts on my face only increased. As soon as one would go away two more would pop-up and for the last 9 weeks or so have had 4-6 at any given time. 13 weeks in I finally gave up and started using Differin, so we 'll see how that works.
I had a urinary tract infection and the doctor ordered it to help me urinate less until the antibiotics kicked in. It probably did help for that but generally I haven 't seen a big difference. I would say that I am about the same as I usually am. The first time I took it was in the evening and I was extremely tired and wanted to sleep around 8pm )I usually only go to bed/sleep around midnight. Yesterday I was completely zonked. I slept for most of the day. Last night I was looking online on my phone and was searching can a UTI make you tired and came across this site. I realized that my vision is blurry (I thought it was just being over tired) and that it can cause &quot;fatique&quot;. I hadn 't put these down to side effects. I am stopping immediately
Not very happy with what this is doing to my body. I was prescribed Reclipsen and I 'm now in my second month and symptoms have gotten worse. These include: Swollen, tender breasts (which I wouldn 't mind except for I have fibrocystic breast making even hugging my husband painful), severe fatigue (I thought it might have been the Texas heat but it 's gotten worse even since it has cooled down), SUPER decreased sex drive (I guess that 's a good form of birth control), and hard to lose any weight! These symptoms maybe be magnified since I have a preexisting hormonal problem. Hopefully I can get on something else soon!
This medicine made me have terrible uterine bleeding for 75 days in a row accompanied by terrible uterine pain. It 's been a full week since I stopped the medicines and the bleeding and pain have both stopped. My cysts have shrunk to half their size, but I 'm not sure if the cysts were ever a problem to begin with.
I decided to discontinue after the 4th infusion.  Very expensive which might have been worth it had it improved diarrhea.  Instead with each infusion ulcers in my mouth flared worse (they were already there - Crohns in the mouth), severe fatigue, all over body pain, worsened sinus problems, weird tendon-like pain in hands &amp; feet. all of which got worse and lasted longer which each subsequent infusion.  My last infusion 's symptoms lasted for weeks!
This medicine was WAY too strong for me.  I 'm 5 '8&quot; and 135 pounds, but the minimum dose knocked me out the first night I started taking it, I had twitchy, bizarre dreams, woke up the next morning feeling &quot;stoned&quot;, had a headache and stomachache, shaky hands and the jitters all day and my pupils were hugely dilated.  This was all just after 1 dose of the timed-release tabs.  Not a good choice for me.
I 've recently started using clonidine. I am experiencing dry mouth and tiredness. However I also feel my mood has changed. I feel down and anxious. Not sure whether I should continue or give up.
I have been getting up 3-4 times every night and finally decided to try medication again. (previously tried Flomax which did nothing for me)  Rapaflo, after 4 days gave me only a headache, diarrhea and at best a 20% flow increase. I still got up several times during the night, maybe one less time than previous. The side effects and miniscule benefit made it a no-brainer to stop taking this useless medication. A waste of $78.
I sure hope me writing this can help someone avoid the prolonged agony I experienced on Trintellix. I started with a 5 mg dose for one month. After about 5 days, I started having itching on my external vulva.  By the 7th day, I almost went to the ER, but by that time, due to all my scratching, I had developed a pseudomonas aeruginos infection. Four courses of antibiotics later, the unbearable, constant, relentless, and ever-present itching was still there, with some hives. Though the infection was gone, the itching continued. I have never had intense itching like this--the more I scratched, the more I itched, and I couldn 't even sleep. Two days after stopping Trintillix, the itching was gone. Two months of hell. Fixed drug eruption.
Was diagnosed with Influenza and was prescribed Tamiflu. Cost me $140 out of the pocket. Took 2 pills and felt worse than I did before taking them. Vomiting was horrible. Then had to pay to go back to doctor because of all the vomiting. Gave me new prescriptions. Will just ride the flu out next time. Cost me more than just letting it take it 's course. Tamiflu definitely not worth the cost or vomiting. Contacted drug company and no reimbursements are given.
Wouldn 't know...got charged $40 for 2 days ' worth, which I just can 't afford.
Very little relief and side effects out way benefits. I was on it for chronic pain 
I 've been taking this pill for about 10 months &amp; like the others, the only good thing about this pill is the fact that I 'm not pregnant. This is my first time taking birth control so at first, I wasn 't able to tell the side effects. Until later on, it got so much worse. I had terrible mood swings to the point people were referring me to other brands. My period was extremely light as if I barely even had it at all, which made me worried sometimes. I lost weight which is the opposite of what I want &amp; my skin got so bad. The worst was really just the depression I occurred during this time &amp; my &quot; craziness &quot;. I wouldn 't recommend anyone to be on this &amp; I 'll definitely ask my doctors for a different brand.
Taking this was THE WORST decision. I took it around 11pm and woke up at 5am with excruciating cramps and severe nausea. I tried to make it to the bathroom but nearly passed out and ended up crying on the floor, completely soaked and dripping in sweat. 12 hours later and I still feel dreadful. NEVER AGAIN.
This medicine not only created more tension and worry for me whilst doing an assignment the night before, but I wasn 't panicking which I naturally should be. This drug has made me forget certain aspects in life which I dread, this drug makes you happy externally, but not physically or mentally or emotionally. This drug has hindered my activities in life in general and I 'm completely coming off all drugs and finding my true self now. I was actually glad the way I was in life previously. Peace.
Med really did nothing for me
Started on 20mg per day increasing after a few weeks.At first I had the expected nausea, dizziness and feeling of being slightly out of it.  However I was told to push through and give them &ldquo;time to settle&rdquo;. Mistake!My symptoms quickly worsened to hot flushes with profuse sweating and a pounding heartbeat where just being inside the house was way too warm.  Then the mental confusion worsened to the point where I couldn&rsquo;t even work out simple things like how much money to give when I went shopping.  I was getting very confused and clumsy, dropping things and tripping over my own feet.Finally I began losing control over my upper body.  It would freeze up solid with every muscle rigid and there was nothing I could do to relax.
5 years I took Junel. For the first year it was fine. Lighter periods and less cramps. Year 2 I started suffering from increased anxiety and what everyone else decided was depression even though I insisted it was fatigue. I was as tired as if I had the flu all the time and the week before my period I could not handle a thing. So I got therapy and started eating healthy to treat what my doctors insisted was not symptoms of the pills. I worked out, ate healthy consistently but the weight kept coming on at 5 to 10 lbs a year. My sex drive completely disappeared which doctors will blame on the depression. I finally couldn 't handle it and went off two weeks ago. I feel like crying at how much better I feel. It 's like I woke up from a coma.
ok so on day 3 I went out for dinner last night for my child 's birthday I had the worse attack in my life pain chest pain left side arm was tingling back was hurting I was dizzy thought I was going to pass out awful experience it took about 4 hours for the chest pain to go. I thought I was having a heart attack at one point but stuck it out I haven 't eaten since yesterday morning no appitie someone please tell me this gets better???? Anyone else in the same boat as me? I 'm a 26 year old woman had this for anxiety and panic attacks
My best friend had an anaphlactoid reaction to this medication  and died within 7 days.  Doctors sent her home from the ER.  She had a heart attack within the following 17 hours.
I 've never done anything like this but I decided to share my story. I was on Implanon birth control for two and a half years. I got it put in three weeks after my daughter was born. I weighed 155 at the time. I tried everything to lose weight I ate healthy and worked out daily from doing zumba work out videos and running two miles a day. I just couldn 't lose weight. My periods were awful I would be on mine for at least 14 days out of the month every month. I also had really bad headaches at least twice a month and the mood swings were horrible I just wasn 't myself. So I finally got the implant taken out a week ago today and I feel so much better I have lost ten pounds without working out or changing what I eat.
I will have been on Sprintec for 2 weeks tomorrow.I 'm 15, and I 've been in a relationship for some time. Things were going amazing, and then I started getting very moody, angry, and would cry a LOT (still am).We are currently on a break and I do not think this medicine helped anything emotionally for me. I have a history of depression and suicidal thoughts, but had been totally fine for a little over 8 months. Now, I had some thoughts today,have been feeling down for at least 2 weeks,  and I 'm supposed to be seeing my s/o to talk about all of this. I don 't know if anyone is able to respond to these reviews, but should I ditch the birth control for a day and see what happens to my mood? Or call my doctor? If you can reply, please do.Thanks
First off, my pain tolerance is high. I am known for being a trooper, but not this. I must be allergic. This is way worse than my YI! I 'm burning and shaking from the severe amount of pain that I am in. It itched worse now than before. I 've been dealing for 30minutes
I have just come to this realization today and I can 't believe I didn 't notice it sooner....After switching from a discontinued pill to Gildess my pharmacy has rotated generics from Gildess to Junel to Blisovi Fe 1/20, and so forth. Mainly those three. Over the past two years I have also struggled with anxiety. I have just realized that my crippling panic attacks and 95% of my anxiety issues occur when I am taking Blisovi fe 1/20. I CANNOT WAIT TO TALK TO MY DOCTOR AND GET AWAY FROM THESE PILLS.
Cardizem started taking yesterday 2-10-2016 making shakes like I have Parkinson 's which I don 't have. Did not sleep all night at all.  Feel bad  face flushed to point it was red. Taken 2 doses so far and may not take any more until I talk to heart Dr. That prescribe it. Check blood press it had gone up instead  of down.it was 196over70.
started 2 weeks ago with this dexilant, ever since then my symtoms got worse, dizzy, stomach and lower back pain, hard to swallow food, passing gas and burping  a lot more.    Would not recommend this drug to my enemy. If I knew what this drug did for me that made it worse I would of not taken it. Worst drug on the market,  and they want $300.00for a month for this pill, NO WAY. Not me. No wonder why my insurance would not cover it.  Believe me if you are taking it and feel more sick then you did, STOP TAKING IT. With a few days when the drug gets out of your system you will feel better and you will not have to see dr or keep going to hospital and they find nothing wrong with you.
This was the worst experience I had in my life. I had hallucinations and my b/p was 206/126. It was given IM in the hospital and then at again at the treatment facility. I wrote a letter in my room in case they found me dead.  I fought the nurse not to give me another one.
After my wellness checkup and blood analysis, I was told by my md to start taking Vit. D3-2000 daily.I took it as recommended for 2 days and I noticed that I was experiencing dizziness, tiredness and really bad cramps in my hands, feet and legs.  I thought that I was dehydrated and drank more water.  The cramps kept getting worse and I also started having increased palpitations and more dizziness.  As the only change I had made in my daily regimen was taking the D3, I decided to stop taking it to see if it might be the cause.  Sure enough, these symptoms disappeared.  So, why are we being told to take this?  Several of my friends and family have been advised to do the same lately.  Is it a new &quot;health&quot; sham?
Scheduled colonoscopy to rule out cause(s) of infectious colitis that made me very ill weeks ago. I just went back to work and was starting to feel better after nearly a month of being sick. Was able to drink down 3/4 solution of my first prep slowly, then my stomach started to rumble. I went into the bathroom and the second I sat down, I projectile vomited across the room. Several times. Ruined my new lace shower curtain. Called my Dr. who said to stop drinking the Suprep Bowel Prep (I was willing to try and continue) and to reschedule my procedure so a gentler prep could be prescribed. Very frustrating- I just wanted to get this over with. Now I have to take another day off and go through this again.
great birth control device definitely protects from pregnancy! Considering the continuous  bleeding 
Mood swings and depression. Suicidal thoughts... Not good. Does its job with regulating periods, but the side effects are terrible. Have been on it for 2 years and was just off of it for a month. Now I 'm back to my normal self. Glad to know Im not going crazy, it 's just the pill making me like that. Definitely going to switch.
I have been diabetic for about 50 years. Forty of those years I used Regular and NPH insulin. I never had any problems at all. My A1c readings were in the mid 6 's most of the time. A new doctor comes along and wants all her diabetics to conform to textbook examples. She decided my insulins were old fashioned and outdated. She changes me over to Tresiba. After a couple weeks my sugar would drop around 100 to 200 points from midnight to about 8 in the morning. I have to make sure my sugar is above 225 at midnight to not wake with a 40 or 50. I was 320 once and 8 hours later it was 84. This stuff is scary.
They gave me this medication via IV in the ER for a very intense migraine and extreme nausea, I would never recommend this medication to anyone ever, the second it was pushed through, I started having an extreme panic attack, something like I have never felt before, like a huge wave of doom rushed over me, I started freaking out so badly I almost ripped my IV out and ran away, it was so traumatizing to me that they pushed a big dose of Ativan though my IV just to knock me out, I truly thought I was dying... And after all that it felt like my skin was crawling for a good 32 hours. No, thank you. Never again will allow this in my body.
Worst thing ever! Had it in for almost a year, finally listened to my husband and got it removed. He said I wasn 't the same person. Ok  I thought whatever.... After removing it I didn 't hate him any more ( ok I didn 't hate him but wanted nothing to do with him if you know what I mean).  I  realized it was making me into a crazy person and I 'm back to my normal happy self. It gave me terrible mood swings! Never again
I tried Savella for about 2 days.  I had severe nausea, rapid heartbeat, and horrible hot flashes.  It also ran my blood pressure up.  Started with a 12.5, then the next day broke the 12.5 in half and still had the same side effects.  I have tried everything from Neurontin to antidepressants and I have bad side effects from them all.  So as of now all I 'm taking is tramadol as needed.  I give up on all the other medicines.
I have an infection  in a broken tooth doctor prescribed me this 3 times a day about 30 min after taking 1 I am experiencing the worst pain I have ever felt in my life I 'm assuming it 's cause it 's helping the infection  but not even pain killers help the pain I have taken about 8-10 vico din and still it 's the worst feeling I have ever felt I won of rather  got it pulled without any numing shots this is hell it literally feels like there is a knife stuck in my jaw
Took the nasal spray version. It doesn 't seem to do anything. My migraines continued at the same frequency and intensity.
I took one pill when I went to bed, the next morning and days later I have a red patch on my cheek. First it burned and itched now it looks like I am a burn victim. I have taken this medication before but never again. I am just hoping this heals soon.
Brain rot. I have been on dilantin for over 40 years. Have just discovered dilantin is cause to numbness in legs, feet, balance and walking control. How so?&quot; It 's called cerebellum atrophy.  Thats where your cerebellum shrinks (my case about 40%) It will get worse if I continue to take it, putting me in a wheel chair. Only one medicine does that to you- Dilantin. DO NOT TAKE IT. If you are on it, get off it (as I am about to do) It was also considered at one time the most toxic medicine out there. Look it up in PDR. Did it stop seizures? yes. Do I want to be a cripple and eventually have to be fed. No. Get off it.
I 've had this thing in my arm for a year and 4 months.. I bleed 3 weeks at a time, I may go a whole week without bleeding before I start up again. I am very hormonal and difficult to be around. I have always been fun and out going, I have turned into crab since I 've been on this birthcontrol. Last week I started passing clots and bleeding extra heavy, the cramps were out of this world. I literally could not move. I called my doctor to hear this is completely normal, and yes... after a year!! I told her I wanted it removed and now I have to be counselled on the matter. I DO NOT recommend this to anyone...
I wish I would have read these comments prior to me starting this pill. THIS HAS BEEN THE WORST EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE!! I have been bleeding and passing EXTREMELY LARGE blood clots for 13 days. It started 2 days into my second pack. The pain is severe almost mirroring labor pains with abdominal contractions everytime I pass a clot. I stopped the pill and bleeding continues to get worse. Avoid this pill like the plague!!
After one of the worst years of my life I developed anxiety, was prescribed Endep 25mg, progressed to 50mg then 100mg. Side effects were full on and included but were not limited to dizziness, short term memory loss, black outs (momentary but scary), nightmares, indigestion, incredible tiredness (cloudy head, fuzziness), dry mouth and one of the deepest most horrible depressive states I have ever been in which included suicide thoughts , but hey, I didn 't have anxiety! THIS IS A WARNING, if you develop suicidal thoughts while taking this drug see a doctor immediately!
I took this pill for my acne, and with that said, it worked wonders! My skin cleared up, I gained no weight, no moodiness. HOWEVER - this medication gave me blood clots in my lungs 19 days after I started taking them.I ALMOST DIED BECAUSE OF THIS MEDICATION. My life is forever changed with anxiety, depression, and pain all because of these pills. I have chest pain almost every day. I have anxiety every day, with very bad anxiety attacks.PLEASE READ THE INSERTS. The nurse that gave me the pills DID NOT WARN ME THAT BLOOD CLOTS WERE A RISK. If I hadn 't read the inserts, I would not have known that I had to go to the hospital.  I was in the hospital in the ICU for THREE DAYS. It was a $30k hospital bill.
I started the depo in 2010 I stopped because I became pregnant. After I had my daughter I went back on. While on it I suffered from migraines that would last for days. I would miss work and school. I stopped again because of the migraines.. I have been bleeding for over a month.. I try to find out answer why this was happening but no one understands me..
The medicine turned me into a weight gaining zombie that didn 't want to get out of bed. It controlled my allergies (no more so than zyrtec) and made me feel horrible.
Initially, I tolerated the drug well.  About 4 months into treatment, I had a lot of problems: dizziness, disorientation, joint and muscle pain and stomach upset.  Also, my hair started to thin, and nails cracked due to dryness. Within a week of stopping the drug I was feeling better.  One month out and I was very well.
Cannot wait to get off this pill...horrible mood swings!  Extremely irritable, crying at everything, beginning to dislike my husband (not good!), feel like I am coming out of my skin some days, I cannot stand myself and I 'm pretty sure my family is starting to feel the same.  Took me a couple of months to figure out it was the pill causing it, since this all started after I started taking it 4 months ago.  I started with it to help with very heavy periods, it is helping with that although I did have a 2 week period last month which is never enjoyable.  Pretty sure this pill is causing me to have this PMDD which I have never experienced before.  It 's horrible.  Switching to something else so hopefully it will get better!
It hurt each time I got the shot. The pain would be there for a week or so. 
My internist prescribed me 25mg of Zoloft daily as an alternative to Wellbutrin. The side effects were not worth the benefit for me. In the seven weeks I faithfully used the med I suffered from severe fatigue, inability to orgasm, weight gain, acne, and chest heaviness. As a thirty-something, in-shape mother of two, I have zero time for naps so, fatigue was not a livable option for me. I 'm actually really surprised by the weight gain as I hit the gym daily. The pros of this medicine would be: my sweet tooth was non-existent. That 's probably it.
I had a bad reaction to this medicine; trouble breathing, tight throat, cold hands and feet, increased pulse, strong headache, then fatigue. It was very frightening, but did go away after several hours.
I just hit the 1 year mark taking the depo shot and decided to get off of it for multiple reasons. I was bleeding the first 3 months straight  I was on it but they assured me it would go away and it did. I has mood swings like no other but the biggest turn off for me was the weight gain. I gain 31lbs over a year time frame WHILE going to the gym 3-4 times a week and eating healthy. I thought something was wrong and so did my primary doctor so he did blood work on me an i 'm as healthy as a horse! He mentioned my birth control and it all made so much sense. My friend and I started it around the same time and she was 123lbs, a year later she gained 36lbs and almost weighs 160lbs. I also lost my sex drive.
I thought I saw some improvement but not enough to deal with the price and irritation to my skin.
I got up one morning my eyes was swollen shut as the day processed my lips started swelling in thought it was do to my allergies then my face got a rash on my face then my tongue started to swell along with my throat had to go to the ER
I hate this birth control. First, my periods went away entirely, which I didn 't want. I also have absolutely no sex drive, which has caused some problems between the BF. I have also started noticing sharp pains in my uterus since beginning this medication. I 've gained 20 pounds, I feel like the cravings are out of control. This is the worst birth control I have ever taken.
I had exactly the same experience with humira as JayAll did on April 8th 2015.Two weeks in hospital with pneumonia that spread fast,drained lung fluid,scarred lung and now copd.I had no lung problems in the past.Still on methotrexate and now on otezla flares and pain still here, but doc wants me to try it for four months
Makes me super depressed unmotivated and unable to enjoy anything. Does increase attention span at the cost of not wanting to do anything.
My doctor put me on Topamax for my migraine headaches, I was on that medication for about 3 weeks, took 2-25 mg a day.  During that time I had one huge migraine and 6 headaches. I felt very tired and couldn 't speak clearly and couldn 't finish a sentence. I would NOT recommend this medicine to anyone. IT WAS A BAD EXPERIENCE.
THIS IS THE WORST PILL I 've suffered from mild to severe acne most of my life(lol but I am only 18) and my face was just starting to clear up, and I heard birth control could do the last steps to doing so and getting rid of my acne once in for all. Not to mention my periods were so out of cycle and came whenever they felt like. I got prescribe Lo Loestrin Fe by my gynecologist, first week was fine, but by the second week I started getting painful cysts on my chin and the following week all over my cheeks. After the first month, painful cysts on my forehead. It 's gotten to the point where I am embarrassed to be seen at school or even put my hair up. Tonight I am stopping the pill on going back on my normal acne medication.
Took linzess one time and wound up in the ER the same night due to a horrible rash.  I had horrific diareha the hours leading up to the rash.  I now have a big hospital bill and no relief of IBM.  Will NOT ever take it again.
I have been taking Levora for about 6 months. I have realized lately that I am very unhappy with it. I have a very decreased sex drive. I never am interested in being intimate. I also have alot of cramping on my period, which I thought birth control was supposed to decrease. I 'm thinking about switching over to Ortho Tri Cyclen. I was wondering what other people have experienced with that one? all the reviews seem very positive...
Don 't ever use this, When I was 4 years old I was sick and the doctor give me augmentin. It effected me in a negative way, I used to throw up, pee (urninate) with blood, my skin was very pale and my eyes were yellow, and it caused me severe liver problems.
I am happy for all the success stories above, glad it worked for you. Myself, I found it to be a bit much. The 0.5mg did nothing, 1mg just made me dopey, but the 2mg simply conked me out. Could not function during the day. Found that Valium was better for me. (Condition: severe anxiety/paranoia) claustrophobia, got REALLY tired of having to use stairs to ascend 5,6,7 floors. Elevators were out of the question,
So after the initial wave of sickness I went to school. I honestly thought I had picked up some kind of sickness! Then came the hormone distater.. I 've felt like I 've been PMSing x100 constantly. It NEVER stops. I 'm an emotional wreck, I don 't feel like I can function or make any rational decisions! I 'm scared! It 's going to be an insane challenge to deal with this for 2 more months.. god help me!! In addition, I 've gained a little weight and had a huge increase in acne (again like being on your period X100). But hey at least I 'm not pregnant......would never recommend or do this EVER again
NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!! Please NO ONE  take Dulcolax. I, like a few others in this forum, have been on an eating plan for weight loss. Without much fibre, I 've been suffering from constipation. I finally had enough and took 2 Dulcolax last night at around 11.30pm as recommended on the box. At 4.15am I woke up with excruciating stomach cramps as well as indigestion. I went to the bathroom and had a small BM came out. I went back and forth probably 5 times with diarrhea, feeling sweaty, dizzy and thought I was going to faint. On the last time, I felt like I was going to vomit. I ran to the bathroom and violently vomited everything in my stomach. This was followed by liquid diarrhea (felt like hot water) for the next while. Pls beware. NEVER AGAIN
I was on prozac for mild depression and mild OCD.  The dosage kept increasing over the years as it was less effective, until I was on 80mg for the last five years.   I had to come off it as it gave me tinnitus and then  hyperacusis (severe).  I tried other medications which made this much louder...  and it has remained even though it has been 2 years off all drugs.Coming off the prozac was so traumatic, my anxiety was so extreme I had a complete nervous breakdown, was paranoid and my ocd became extreme.   I now have permanent hyperacusis, tinnitus, anxiety, severe OCD.  I cannot leave the house and live in hell.   I cannot hear any music AT ALL as it gets stuck in a loop.  prozac has absolutely ruined my life
This medication was interestingly paradoxical for me. While it was rather effective in treating the ailments as it was advertised to, it failed in another, very important area. Withdrawal from the medication needs to be undertaken over a period of several weeks gradually weaning the patient off the medication and supplementing with short term additional medications. While the medication is effective I would personally recommend drugs that affect GABA (i.e. Xanax, Clonazepam, Valium) to help the patient when stopping medication and also to keep in reserve in case of a shortage or stoppage of the medication. Please be careful with this drug. There are other drugs, and isomers, that are safe and effective as well.
This drug never worked for me. It caused withdrawal symptoms and almost killed me!! I was in 10 times more pain because it was causing me to withdraw from my pain meds. I do not recommend anyone take this horrible drug!!! Doctors just write it to make money and do not check to see how awful the side affects are!!
I 've been taking 100 mg of Doxycycline twice a day for 8 days now and I feel worse than when I started.  Now in addition to the upper respiratory infection, I have terrible vertigo (side effect of Doxycycline).
Been on mirena for almost 2 years now. Insertion was painful. Felt like very bad cramps and was bleeding for 2 weeks but after that ,my period completely stopped. It was the best thing ever. Did not have much side effects.I am a very active person and always concious about my weight. Since the beginning of this year I 've started notice watery discharge, heavy mood swings, depression (cried about everything and anything), constantly feel like I 've swollen a balloon, no one is allowed near my tummy, and picked up about 5kg 's in one month. Went to doctor yesterday and mirena caused very big cyst filled with hormones - no wonder!Could not get it out yesterday so I 'm scheduled for op today. Just want to feel normal again! Would not recommend!!!
Covered under family pact in California. Insertion was painful for a few seconds and cramps for a few minutes then just general tenderness. Took about 3 months to fully adjust to it. Experienced more hair shedding and painful periods. It failed and I GOT PREGNANT! WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!!
So glad to find this site and to read I 'm not the only one who has experienced awful side effects. Only had the one injection and bar a couple of weeks in total I have bled the whole time. This has been going on for almost 6 months now. Starting to affect my relationship. Avoid like the plague if all the other reviews are anything to go by.
I took this medication for about 5 days and from the start I knew something was wrong. I remember hallucinating in the dark and the very next day I went manic. I had acid reflux issues and it felt so bad that I had a hard time breathing. I passed out and was taken to the ER. Withdrawal was terrible in fact I 'm still going through it. I have had the worst anxiety of my life. My delusional beliefs were at an extreme high and I was so scared that I would break out crying. Every one of my worst thoughts was greatly emphasized on this med. I would have anxiety attacks and feel like I had to puke. I would not recommend this medication, TO ANYONE.
I 've suffered with insomnia for many years and was on Ambien, but I built up a tolerance over the years, so my doctor switched me to Lunesta.Lunesta allowed me to sleep for only about two hours.  Tried it for four nights with no better results.
Caused hyperactivity and cause me to gain weight and develop breasts.
I got the Implanon implant in May after giving birth to my third son in April. My doctor did not want to fix me because I am only 22, they said I would change my mind later. So I let them talk me into getting the Implanon. When it was put in it did not hurt or bother me after.  Then I started getting headaches, light headed or dizzy, panic attacks and slight depression.  I did not have a period until after 5 months of having the Implanon.  Two weeks before the headaches got worse as did the panic attacks.  Now I have to take antidepressants and anxiety medications. Along with having to have my heart checked to make sure I do not have a heart problem. Before Implanon I WAS very healthy mentally and physically. It works for some but not for me!
Nexplanon was the worst decision I ever made. I got it in October, bled for 6 months straight. Got it taken out in April. Killed my sex drive. Gained 20 pounds, which I can 't get rid of. I was extremely emotional and depressed. I wouldn 't recommend this for anyone. It was the worst thing I 've ever done to myself.
I was given this drug for an ear infection, taken 2 times a day for 10 days.  After the first day, I had diarrhea and nausea.  I stopped taking this on day 4, the symptoms were too much and my ears felt no improvement.
10 months no change total waste of $7000
Had toothache for a week. Went to dentist. He cleaned out tooth and prepared for root canal.  Put temporary filling in. (2 month wait on NHS) Week later I have swelling on gum above tooth.  Another emergency appointment and given amoxcillin (penicillin) a week later my face on that side is swollen so much I look like I have a boiled sweet in there. Was given metronidazole.  By the morning of day 3 on them the dizziness nausea and fatigue had developed into severe tachycardia, depleted blood o2 near on respiratory failure.
I have always have eczema my whole life. I have tried different creams &amp; pills, both prescription &amp; over the counter. I finally go to a dermatologist 2 weeks ago &amp; she prescribed levocetirizine, along w/ a bunch of different creams. I told her I was using benadryl, which helped w/ itching until it wears off. I start taking it, &amp; about 3-4 days later, I noticed that it had been roughly 24  hours of not using the bathroom. It didn 't help w/ itching at all, sometimes made it worse. I quit taking them &amp; when I contacted the doctor, her nurse said &quot;%u2026that can 't happen at all%u2026&quot;. Uh, so why does it list that under side effects?? I guess it works, but honestly, I rather take an anti-itch shot than risk having kidney failure &amp; shaking non-stop. 
Bactrim was the worst antibiotics I have taken. I was prescribed this medicine for a UTI from a the Dr and I took one pill before I went to bed and felt fine. It was like 4 am it when I got hit with a massive headache from hell. I could not sleep and then about 2 hours later around 6am. I started vomiting until all I could vomit out was my stomach acid. Horrible! That day I still had a bad headache and nauseous all day. I discontinued the pill and flushed them all down the toilet!
Was on Citalopram for 1 month then asked my doctor to change. During the first 2 weeks I was getting an average of 3 hours sleep a night. Bed at 11pm, wake up at 2am, 3am, 4am, 5am, 6am, give in &amp; get up at 7am. Was completely devoid of emotions. Lost all focus, motivation, attention-span, was so much worse than before diagnosis &amp; prescription. Second 2 weeks I was given sleeping pills so I was sleeping 7-8 hours a night, but being 24 yrs old I refused to be dependent on sleeping pills and anti-depressants. Have now been on Mitrazapine just over a week, was like a light switch. Now sleeping easily between 10-12 hours/night. Emotions are back but as unpredictable as they were before diagnosis. Will wait and see.
I had been suffering from severe nausea and vomiting on and off including migraine, fever and flank pain. It was my second time in the ER so they gave me compazine  and I 'd never had it, it relieved my nausea and migraine but I started feeling so restless I was freaking out, like I wanted to rip out my iv and leave and run away. Then they told me it 's a side effect and I already suffered from severe anxiety it made it 1000x worse. I had the worst time trying to sleep, then had the weirdest dreams of my life. They gave me Morphine shortly after which calmed me a little and took the rest of my pain away but I was hoping it 'd honestly put me out. 24hrs layer and I still feel that restlessness in my body but it 's so much better than it was.
Coughing and runny nose driving me crazy. I 'm going to talk to my doctor about it.
Got the implant due to being sexually active as well as having horrific periods and hoping that it would calm them down, which it did not do. Actually made my periods worse, I had a period that lasted a month in the first month. The implant also made me extremely tired and have frequent headaches and mood swings. After a couple of months this died down, but then even worse side effects took their place, I began to feel extremely depressed and sad and cried at least everyday, even breaking down at my part time job (thankfully the managers were very understanding). I still feel depressed and I 'm planning to get the implant out as soon as possible, it 's been 3 months and the side effects have yet to die down so I am v fed up :/
Makes me swell up, eat too much, bump into things, forget words and does nothing for my pain. Stupid, expensive drug. I 've been taking 150mg. 2X per day for almost three months. It doesn 't work.
I was taking Ambien 12mg, which in my opinion is the best sleeping pill on the market right now. I heard about Lunesta and I decided to give a try. My Doctor prescribe the 2mg. Hours passed by and I 'm still waiting for it to kick in. Nothing. I made a huge mistake by changing from Ambient for  Lunesta. Now I have to wait for a month to go back to Ambient. If you 're thinking of switching or trying Lunesta. Don 't even bother. I guarantee you Ambient is the best option
I took this for a total of three weeks. WORST PILL EVER. In that time period, I gained 10 pounds, was bloated all the time, and had the worst stomach pains and headaches. I have never been hungrier than I was when I took this, except every time I eat my stomach puffed up and became hard to the point where it was uncomfortable even to lay down. During the time, I think I actually was depressed from the weight gain and pain. When I finally got my period, I was in so much pain that I laid in bed for two whole days and felt nauseous with sharp cramps and couldn 't even move to turn in bed. I also lost 10 times more blood than ever before on my period. Overall, I have never felt sicker while taking this pill.
I have taken 10mg of Crestor for 3  yrs. I have experienced several issues with this statin as well as others.  After 8 weeks on Crestor my HDL went from 289 to 79; on paper, I looked great!  But over the last several years of taking statins, I have experienced several bad side effects. Severe bone and muscle pain; loss of muscle mass. I felt depressed; lots of mood changes. I became a wimp in bed.  After taking statins for 5  yrs, I went to a cardiologist and had several things checked; nothing wrong.  But recently, had blood test that showed problems with muscle and bone loss. STOPPED. After a couple of weeks I am feeling great.  Your brain uses cholesterol for basic functioning and to make testosterone.
This medication is worse than useless. It actually seemed to keep me awake and caused me to wake more often during the night than I normally would. After the third night I tried taking it with a xanax (the xanax would normally be enough to help me get to sleep) and it still kept me awake! I 'm glad I got this medication as a sample because I would be really angry if I 'd had to pay for it.
I have a history of mental illness, but have not been on medication for about a year and had no problems since then. After starting this medication, I started to have symptoms of depression and anxiety, irritability and mood swings. Hopefully I will be able to find a new form of birth control.
I 've taken it for a week now and have very weird nightmares. Plus I wake up in the middle of the night or very early and can 't get to sleep. It doesn 't really help with falling asleep I 've found. I 'm not sure what it 's done honestly.
Please avoid this medication at all cost,it is impossible to get off. I have tried twice and ended up in total disaster.The first time I tried to get off it I end up completely constipated and three years later I am still badly constipated. It changed some mechanism responsible for that during withdrawal. The second time I tried to come off it I ended up with Anhedonia which Is an inability to enjoy things, when I look at food now it 's like looking at a rock, no reaction. These drugs cause total dependancy, completely change the brain and cause brain damage and are not the answer.Please just see a shaman/healer and get an auric sweep and clear out the negative entities that cause schizophrenia. Its worked for thousands of years.
This was prescribed to my daughter after surgery. The medication did not work well. It also caused nausea and light-headedness.
my 14 year old daughter took two gel tabs for the first time and shortly after became very lethargic. two hours later she experienced a seizure. she had a second seizure a day and a half later. she had no history of seizures previous to this and has not had one since. not sure if it was caused by the meds or simply coincidence. i will never give her that medication again though, that 's for sure!
I thought this pill was awful. .So bad I could only take it for 5 days before I quit. It gave me awful cramps, and then  after I quit I have been dealing with constant urges to go the bathroom (urinate) for two weeks now. I never had that before taking the pill. Its just awful...I don 't recommend!
Okay I wanted to comment on this in case people are looking to put their kids on it, I am 18 years old, diagnosed with ADD in 4th grade, I didn 't take my meds until 10th grade when I wasn 't going to make it through high school. The first meds they put me on were 36mg Concerta, yes it worked and made me focus BUT! I have never been more ANGRY AND MAD AND DEPRESSED in my life, it was absolutely horrible. I am now on Vyvanse 50mg and graduated high school and got a 4.0 GPA in my first semester of college.
I 've had the worst experience ever with nexplanon. I got my nexplanon in July 2014 and am happy to say that I am finally getting it removed today after 2 and a half years of misery. I bled almost Everyday! My younger sister had the same symptoms as I did but had hers removed before me. I have gained 25 pounds and had the worst mood swings that I 've ever had. Definitely review your options before getting nexplanon but also keep in mind it 's different for everyone.
I am 31 yr old female, 5 '6&quot; at 248 lbs. I have a thyroid  issue and was struggling to loose weight. My Dr prescribed me contrave to see if it would help kick start my weight loss (lost 15lbs previously but had plateaued). I had high hopes for Contrave, but after a month and 1/2, I 'm done. It immediately made me feel shakey and jittery. I tried stretching out the increase in pills but it didn 't seem to make a difference. I got up to the 4 pills/day but other than not eating as much, I haven 't lost any weight. I actually gained a couple of lbs. However the worst side effect was the constipation. I tried taking fiber pills, eating lots of vegetables, etc and nothing helped. I even tried a laxative which helped some. I felt miserable!
I have been having a lot of trouble sleeping in the last year. As a result I 'm usually exhausted during the day but can 't even take a nap because I simply do not fall asleep. Of course I started out taking Ambien, which has no effect. Then Lunesta, nothing. Ativan, Valium, Klonopin, Thorazine, Seroquel, Remeron and Geodon have not helped a bit. I had very high hopes for chloral hydrate but I think that out of all I 've tried it was my biggest disappointment.  I guess I 'm back to square one now.  No side effects, however.
I bought this product as I had been constipated really badly to the point I couldnt take it anymore but after reading the bad reviews on this product I decided to not take the tablets as I was already experiencing cramping anyway, I just wanted to share what I thought would be useful advice for people who have been constipated from 1-4 days I took 2 senokot and they say they work with in 8-12 hours and mine have just kicked in an hour ago but in the meantime I ate fruit such as melon and grapes and drank plenty of water however my experience was not pain free but the pain literally only lasted 20 seconds if that and after that my belly cramps went I still know there is more to come but the worst bit is over...good luck
I 've only been on it for less then a week and it Has been horrific!  Like truly a nightmare.   I 'm nauseous all the time.   I haven 't really eaten anything since I started it.  I 've suffered random headaches,  extreme depression and anxiety.   I want to rip it off but my period was short and pleasant and I 've only had it on for 4 agonizing horrible days.    I wonder if it gets better?
I am using Jublia allmost 7 months and nothing....I will continue more 4 months to see .
Impossible to open. Don 't buy it.
I am an uncommon person. I actually had an adverse reaction to the drug. I was honestly one of the most popular kids in my school. Known for good looks, etc. I was such a pretty boy, that when I started to get even a mild breakout, I urged my mom to make a dermatologist appointment. My dermatologist prescribed me accutane. It was the worst decision of my life. My face EXPLODED with acne. For the past year and a half, I have struggled with depression, visited numerous doctors, surgeons, spent THOUSANDS of dollars on surgeries, and  am only about 70% improved from the point that I started accutane. I can not express enough how much this drug has severely effected me in my life, and ask you to use caution when this drug. Please use caution.
I was on Yaz for 4 years, I really liked it. I didn 't gain weight, but I did notice my period wouldn 't start until right before I would be starting a new pack. I switched to the generic to save money and right away I noticed my period symptoms became much more severe then before. I then switched to Beyaz. I didn 't notice it a first but my sex drive was diminishing, I first blamed it on stress but after 6 months I realized that something was really wrong. I went from having a very healthy sex drive to not having one at all, I was also a lot more moody then before. I really don 't recommend anyone taking this medication. What 's the point of being on birth control if your not going to WANT to have sex.
I have had psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis for over 20 years. I started this medication 3 months ago my psoriasis have never been worse 80% of my body is covered in psoriasis. My arthritis has also been an issue but not to the same extent. I would never recommend this medication to anyone.
My daughter has had refractory epilepsy for 20yrs. She tried this drug in addition to the Vimpat and Topamax she is already taking. Huge mistake!  Week 2 she became  catatonic,  delusional, and terrified. Her dad ,brother and I helped her through it. Called her neurologist and stopped the drug immediately. We are on day one without the Fycompa,  our morning was consumed with a psychotic episode but after an hr and a half she came around. Lucky for her she doesn 't remember much if anything of these events.  I highly recommend you do your research before considering this drug. In my opinion it shouldn 't be on the market.
When on the shot, I experience excessive hair loss and a low sex drive. 
It makes you sick, doesn 't work, impossible to eat when you 're on it, and makes you tired.  
I 'm sure there 's people out there who 'll benefit from this drug. I 'm just not one of them. I noticed a headache after just one day of being on Trintellix. The headaches became persistently worse and were soon accompanied with nausea. Now, I truly believe my doctor made a mistake prescribing this to me because I made him well aware of the fact that I was taking anticonvulsants. Nevertheless, I had several terrible seizures. After just one call to the hospital and a visit to my neurologist, I was told to stop taking it all together. Let this be a lesson: refuse this medication if you have epilepsy or a history of seizures. I 'm appalled a psychiatrist would even give this drug to an epileptic!
unbelievably bad ,seems to exaggerate  all of my adhd problems 4 fold . i started on 40 mg even though im 91kg in weight and ive read up and they say it should be a mg per kg . so im guessing my doc was cautious , not a bad thing.So i went to 60 mg things didnt change i was wanking 4 times a day and sleeping only 3-5 hours a night and hardly eating a thing .i cant be arsed typing any more
I am not an emotional person, I rarely cry, and I am taking birth control mainly for menstrual cramps. While my cramps have subsided and my period is lighter and shorter, I have had extreme emotional swings and changes in appetite. I have experienced anxiety, and these conditions have worsened with each progressive month. 
Nightmare with this drug. Prescribed it for AS but also suffer from ulcer colitis. Not only did it flare up my colitis but also left me with peripheral joint swelling and pain. My joint pain had previously been extremely well controlled with Humira and Simponi until they lost efficacy. Humira was by far the best medication I have been on.
It 's not for me at all. Last night was the worst night of my life, it started about two weeks into taking Lexapro my friends and family said that they noticed changes but I felt more depressed than I have ever felt. The next two weeks into it I started feeling really off balance and trembly. Then last night happened, without warning, without a trigger, as I was trying to fall asleep I started getting lost in my head. I was forgetting how to think and I was forgetting words. It terrified me. 
It did not help my muscle spasms at all. I have a very very rare form of muscular dystrophy.
I was given Reglan via IV and mouth just prior to both of my c-sections.  On both occasions, within minutes I was very anxious.  On the operating table I had an anxiety attack and was begging for someone to help me.  Everyone just thought I was freaking out because it was a c-section.  I thought I had gone crazy.  It ruined both of my childbirth experiences because I didn 't care about the birth - all I wanted was to crawl out of my skin and disappear so I could get away from the awful panic and anxiety.  Although I was physically present for the birth, mentally and emotionally I had checked out.  
I have been experiencing IBS constipation for over 30 years because of hypothyroidism. My doctor first prescribed Linzess 145 mcg which at first was working for a day or 2 but once my body got used to it I was back again not having a bowel movement. I have to take my thyroid medicine in the morning with my Linzess, both say take on an empty stomach. So I started taking 145 mcg once in the morning and then once at 5 pm in the afternoon when I got home from work. It helped some but not much as I needed to take smooth move tea at night to help it along. Then my doctor prescribed 290 once in the morning. Well I 've had not luck even with the smooth move tea and it 's been almost 2 weeks without a bowel movement. Don 't know where to go for help.
2 months of clomid it didn 't help me at all going to see my Gyn next week I 'm not ovulating or releasing eggs and having abnormal minstrel cycles
RA and UC. Injection is awful, painful and leaves horrific rash and brusing. On Humira RA has not improved in fact gotten worse. Literally had to get a depo and toradal injection today for bad inflammation and excruciating joint pain. The nausea is beyond manageable, and the headaches! Side effects are killing me. I really wish I could upload pics of my injection sites.
Awful drug , mess you mind up.  Pain or sanity you choose
The CoughGels do not keep me from coughing.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PILL...After 7 days I lost kidney function and could not urinate after drinking 32 oz of water the night before. Had blood in the urine 3 weeks after I stopped taking this poison.  My skin looked fabulous after the 1st day but if I 'm dead, having clear skin won 't matter.
The first six months of using Gildess were unremarkable.  It was effective in preventing pregnancy, did not worsen nor produce acne, and I did not experience any remarkable weight gain.  It was like any other birth control.  After my first six months, however, I experienced spotting, heavier bleeding, and random periods throughout the month.  In one month, I experienced two periods. For the past few months, my periods started after two weeks of active pills.
We used plan b within 12 hours of the incident. I 'm now pregnant.
Got Skyla inserted Mar 2015 (had it in 7 months now). Insertion sucked while it was happening but I was shockingly fine the rest of the day. Horrible cramps came the next day and on and off for the next 2 months. Bled at least a little bit every single day for the first 35 days after insertion, but after that haven 't had a real period since. Like not even a drop of blood in the past few months. My boobs were very sore for the entire month of Aug. I started growing hair where I 'd never had hair before, like my nipples. Oh yeah, and I 've noticed over the past 2 months that my sex drive has absolutely plummeted, and that I 'm dry as a bone down there. Never had any problems with libido before this. If it continues I 'm going to get it removed :(
I used to be on Klonopin for years and I think it helped but I 'm not sure since I was also on Paxil. It came to a point where neither were working for me even at higher dosages so I started taking Ativan. This really helped my anxiety but it would come back every morning. Eventually I hit tolerance and had to increase it. Eventually I hit tolerance again and I found myself feeling more anxious than ever. I decided it was time to get off. The doctor put me on Valium because it 's easier to taper off than any other benzo. He suggested I could take anywhere from 4mg to 10mg per day. I slowly tapered down to 1.5mg but I was miserable.  I reinstated and went back up to 6mg and have also tried 10mg and it has never worked for me. Stay away from it
I just had my first shot 2 months ago. I have not been my self, constant headaches, serious contraction pains, loss in Sex drive. I have been bleeding for almost a month. I feel sick all the time, no energy and I am experiencing hyper pigmentation on my face. I have become so dark, also I can 't sleep well and loss of appetite. I can 't wait for it to wear off. I am not getting it again. I hope I return to my normal self after it wears off
Done nothing for pain. No help 
Hi, I have obsessive compulsive disorder, post traumatic disorder and depression.  I have tried many different medicines over the years and I had high hopes for Viibryd.  But After beginning my fourth week on it, I have been disappointed first by not feeling it has been helping my mood or depression at all, second by it seeming to be making my OCD (compulsive cleaning worse) and third by some really bad side effects when I jumped from 20mg (week 3) to 40mg (week 4) dose.  Side effects were really bad nausea and explosive diarrhea.  Diarrhea so bad I had 2 accidents in my pants and nausea worse than what I went through during chemotherapy after having had cancer a few years ago- thank goodness I kept an old anti-nausea medicine in my medicine cabinet. 
This is literally the worst medication ever. I 've used it only a couple of times and it 's done nothing but set my face on fire. I 've had this rash around my nose for years and a doctor prescribed me this gel and it 's bruised my face. It 's made my rash rougher and very red, it burns and makes my face all flaky (even though I only put a dot around my nose) I don 't recommend this medication for anyone, it 's not effective at all. My sister also used it and it did the same to her, so it 's not only my skin. Around my nose is all blotchy and red, it hurts and it 's lumpy and VERY rough. It 's been like this for days and I don 't know what to do. I hope it doesn 't scar, I 'd be devastated. This medication only made it worse.
I am mad , sad and aggressive... I got Skyla! I got it inserted about a week ago. The pain was unbearable. It was so bad I came to the decision if I have kids I am having c section because I could not survive another pain like this. I am hormonal and I am a women... maybe I 'm being dramatic but my gals, DO NOT GET SKYLA. Use condoms, pills or simply don 't have sex... all of the above are better than getting SKYLA. I can 't even walk and I am doing this stupid review , this has been pathetic. Please don 't be another victim
Tried this instead of my Ambien which I took for years. 50mg does not work to make me fall asleep, I just lay in bed for a few hours thinking away. Tried 100mg and it took forever to fall asleep but when I finally did I couldn 't get up the next day. I felt very groggy. 
Warning Unless do you want your life turned completely upside down do not take this form of birth control. I have been bleeding for 8 months now. Constant bleeding no breaks in between whatsoever. Do not believe when the doctor tells you after your second or third shot it 'll stop. It won 't.  I 've had more than numerous tests done everything 's normal. I 've been to a specialist twice. Everyone saids your body has to go back to normal on its own which could take up to a year or two. At this point I 'm begging them to give me a hysterectomy. I 'm only 32 they won 't. I 've passed out twice already due to low iron because of blood loss. Had a blood transfusion once because the blood loss. Please explore your other options first.
Holy moly did they change the formula of this?? I get yeast infections regularly (I have rosacea so I have to take antibiotics every day=lots of yeast infections)...I usually use generic CVS yeast infection medicine with no problems, but I was at a different store so I bought Monistat 7...I&rsquo;m on night 4 and I&rsquo;m so tired of the almost unbearable itching that occurs right after I insert this!! It seems like it takes a good hour or more to die down. All I can do during that time is grit my teeth and clench my fists. It&rsquo;s horrible! I will NEVER buy this again!!!
Somewhat helped for a few months, but then my irritable bowel syndrome got worse.  Even ER medicines didn 't relieve my pain. I have been suffering for 2 years and haven 't found a medicine that will help.
I 've never been on birth control until now. I 'm at the end of my first month of Minastrin and it 's been an awful experience! It caused so many relationship issues for me, due to the fact that it makes me an emotional mess! I cry all of the time and find myself angry and searching for something ridiculous to blame it on. My breasts got larger and although I haven 't noticed any weight gain, I have noticed headaches and nausea. I 'm about to cry right now, and I have no idea why!
After taking antibiotics for several years I decided that this was no longer a healthy long term option. After stopping antibiotics my acne came back as bad as ever. I decided to start applying Duac gel and have been doing for several months now. After an initial flare up that did eventually die down I have seen absolutely no improvement to my skin. Both cystic and minor pimples still appear regularly to the same degree as they did before. Very disappointed as I 'm willing to give all of my non antibiotic options
My a1c has been 8 on metformin and Januvia. After 2 doses of janumet I went hypo. Feeling woozy and generally unwell.  BP 159/61.Bad scene.
Made me suicidal and depressed.
I feel the need to warn everybody about the side effects and how difficult it can be to get off this drug. I 've been on it for approximately 8 years before the side effects really started kicking in. Began as morning anxiety attacks, severe GI upset, mood swings and low to mid level depression. Tried changing the schedule from twice a day to three times a day. It helped at first but about two months later my body began anticipating new schedule and the side effects would start kicking in about an hour before next dose. Its taken me 8 months to get dosage down from 225 mg a day to 75mg a day and every step down has been sheer hell. Every step down leads to a period of depression, and it gets worse the closer you get to zero.
I took 12 mg over a 2 hour time frame and no help.
Before I took latuda, my bipolar disorder was pretty much ruining my life. I started latuda and about 2 months later, while I was starting to feel so much better. I also noticed that I was starting to feel overwhelmed and was starting to become delusional and developed irrational fears such as being scared to even go outside for example. I stopped latuda and went back to feeling normal. I thought it might have just been me and my bipolar was starting to have a severe effect on my life again so just a few months ago I decided to try latuda again. And within a week I was starting to feel overwhelmed and delusional again. I will never take it again. While the medication was effective, the side effects were horrific.
I hate cipro. It sucks tne life out of me. I have no energy and it takes many , months to get better.
I had an intensely bad experience using Chateal. The first few weeks of taking Chateal were okay, I started to get more and more anxious as time went on and by the fourth week of taking this birth control I had a major panic attack/mental breakdown that sent me to the ER, I thought I was having a heart attack. I had numbness in my legs, arms and face. My other symptoms were major mood changes including depression and anxiety, loss of interest in life/suicidal thoughts, tightness in chest, trouble sleeping, nightmares, sleep walking, and the irritability and anger/sadness. It was terrible. 
Ruined everything!after being healthy and taking   Zestril for 25years for moderate blood pressure, the doctor suggested I try Coreg! Within 6-8 weeks, I passed out face down while golfing with friends! I would pass out in my chair, several times a day?!! Only two months before, I visited the Napa wine country with my son &amp; wife. My wife was in a wheelchair, &amp; I pushed her all through the airport, lifted luggage , ate whatever I wanted,salt was not a restriction!!! Coreg changed all thrAt in 8 weeks! I ended up developing bradycardia ! (Slow heartbeat) I could it rt it back! Now they tell me I have developed amyloidosis(?) overly hat slowing my heart rate had something to do with this, no matter what they say!
It made me feel angry, lonely and my depression was worsened. After 2 weeks of taking this I knew something was wrong with me. I paid 29.95 for a month supply and threw away most.
I 've gained 15 pounds since I started taking NuvaRing 3 months ago. I 'm always tired. I have constant headaches. I have no sex drive.
I had been on Zoloft 300mg for years and dropped down to Zoloft 200mg for almost a year and my doctor decided to try me on Savella for my fibromyagia. I made it to the 10th day of the the titration pack and could not deal with the bad side effects any longer. I was up for over 72 hours straight, chills, hot flashes, confusion, electrical shocks throughout my body, severe muscle pain, very irritable, out of mind and body thoughts, felt out of my body, etc. On about the 6th day my doctor put me on Soma 350mg (for the muscle pain and electrical shocks) and Klonopin 1mg to help with the anxiety and panic attacks. My doctor first tried to wean me back off of the Savella but two days later I had to call him back and he had me stop it cold turkey and go back on Zoloft 200mg.
OMG this stuff burns 100x worse than the YI!! I inserted it about 15 mins ago and laid right down. I was so uncomfortable I would rather not of taken anything and just called my doc for a prescription. I DO Not Recommend!  After the burning started, I wondered if this was normal so I started looking for reviews. After reading through them I decided I couldn 't take the burning/itching anymore. I went to the toilet and pushed the gel out and wiped all the cream off. For awhile i just wanted to scratch with something sharp cause it was a painful itch. Now I 'm laying in bed with a cool wash cloth between my legs feeling a little bit better. Man, that was torture!!!
I received Aubra from planned parenthood and I 've finished my first pack and I got my period my normal period would be about 4 or 5 days after taking Aubra I am on my 9th day and I plan on going back to PPH to get switched to something different that will regulate my period back to normal.. This kind of birth control has made me moody not want to have sexual intercourse with my boyfriend and I 've broke out already.
I took this for restless leg syndrome and I had terrible involuntary muscle spasms and leg and arm movement. I had to go to the ER. It was terrible.
I started Jolessa for my heavy periods and have been on it for about a month now. I haven 't experienced any spotting but I have gained 7 lbs (but feel like I appear much larger). I 'm depressed, moody, and I have broken out like no other. I am using acne solution products yet there are pimples all over my face, back, and arms ( I had very clear skin to begin with). I honestly would rather have my heavy periods that came every 20 days back than feel the way I do on Jolessa.
Dont get on depo unless u want spotting for the rest of your life, can cause breast cancer doctors can 't reverse it causes infertility after shot is given it does more harm to your body then it does good.
HORRIBLE Experience!!! I literally couldn 't not tolerate the pain. I have cried while using his product. My vagina was burning and constantly itchy. I used monostat 7 and it been the worst week of my life. I do not recommend this item to anyone
Expensive garbage
I was prescribed this drug three days ago. I have to say, I feel worse than I did when I went in to seek help. It is keeping me from sleeping properly. I have no appetite,  I feel like I have the flu when I don 't. I have three doses left. I have decided to stop taking it. My head feels buzzy and  my ears will not stop ringing.  This sucks, all I had was a cold. 
Oh man. I had this for a little over a year and it was awful, I had terrible cramps all the time and it made me bleed/hurt every single time I had sex. 0 sex drive. I really wish it had worked for me cause its just so much more convenient than an oral contraceptive but this is not for everyone.
Geodon made me a zombie. I cried a lot more, I could barely drive. My eyes were half shut. I took it with lots of fatty foods as ordered. I couldn 't speak coherently. Seroquel caused blackouts and rage, Zyprexa made me gain 45lb and caused akasthesia. 
Nothing but upset stomach all the time!  Feel like I 'm going to throw up every minute of every day for 3 months now!
Remeron at low doses worked beautifully for my insomnia.  At high doses (I was on 90mg. at one point for depression), it was useless for me.  As my doctor once put it, &quot;For depression, Remeron is not a heavy lifter.&quot;  But for insomnia, it was a God send.  The only problem came when I tried to wean myself off of it.  I had little trouble until I got down to a quarter pill (0.375mg).  I got terrible rebound insomnia and eventually had to go back on.  It also made me gain 14 pounds.
Really minor YI. Intense increase in burning and itching less than a minute after application. Only settling down after 2 showers (the first was taken 5 minutes after application) a lot of wet wipes and an hour later. Do. Not. Use.
I took this pill 2 days ago. I have been sick ever since. I have an awful headache,  constantly feel like throwing up &amp; I 'm itchy. Stick to the cream, I have never had a reaction to any medications so thought this would be fine. Don 't risk it!
Gabapentin is the only med that has worked for me. I have had Fibro for 15 years. I had to quit work because of Fibro. Doctors have put me on all the other approved meds for Fibro and no way! I take 100 mg twice a day and 800 mg at bedtime. I still feel tired and can 't do what I want to do, but I 'm much much better than I was before Gabapentin. My worse problem is trigger points nearly all over my body. I have to go to get deep tissue massages for that problem. REALLY helps. Good luck to all of you!
After 18 years, bc returned on my scar. The guidelines at the time was no chemo or rads for non invasive carcinoma.  I had 4 chemo and 21 rads.  I have been 9n anastrazole for 3 years.  My oncologist only had smpathy.  I went to Nutrition Dept which was proven a God Send.  After 2 weeks on Cod Liver Oil, Coconut Oil, Glucosamine,  Vitamins D3, Vitamin B12, I no longer walk bent over, moan after climbing 5 stairs, have a.m. muscle pains.  I can walk erect, bend over, out walk my husband and write as l9ng as I wish.  Give it a try girl it works!
This never worked for me, not even a little.  It might have been a placebo.  Testin works GREAT!!!
I was to the point of hurting myself. I got put on citalopram and required counseling. For the first 6 weeks I thought &quot;Wow, I 'm doing better&quot;. Now I 'm back to the same old thing but I 've developed another diagnosis, moderate to severe anxiety, it sucks. I am having severe panic attacks. I cry myself to sleep every night.
Absolutely shocking, would not recommend to anyone due to the side effects of its use. I am 2 months into my first shot and have gained 5 pounds (my weight has not changed in years and I have maintained a good diet etc). Got my first ever spots on my face and the general condition of the skin on my face has worsened. Since using the injection I feel more tired, restless and have no energy. I have been feeling emotional, angry and depressed all the time.To conclude, although a small amount of users get on really well with this method of contraception, it is no way worth the risk of finding out if it will work for you as once you have had the injection it cannot be reversed unlike the contraceptive patch/pill for example.
This stuff is pure poison and has nearly killed me! Tastes horrible the first go round and you start vomiting on the second bottle.  I only used half of the second bottle and diluted it with water but couldn 't even finish that. Drank more water and had to sit on the toilet all night.  Four days later I 'm still unable to eat anything and having diarrhea! ! NEVER AGAIN! I will die first.  Whoever created this stuff should be forced to drink a gallon of it and see how wonderful they feel. I 've taken Golitely before. It was awful but I felt MUCH better the next day. Four days of agony and I can still barely function. No colon cancer but this stuff just may kill me anyway.  I am a 67 year old woman who is 5 '5&quot; and weighs 150. Dosage is too much for  me
As soon as I took first dose I vomited. I feel something else. I could not stand up and fell sleep. When I woke up, my throat hurt and could not eat without painkiller.  Next day I took next one, then I vomited again.
I can 't tolerate the taste. I quit. Would rather have the cough.
If I missed my dosing time by an hour I spotted. Miss a day? Full blown period. It prevents pregnancy because you are always bleeding. No thank you
I get UTIs pretty frequently, so as soon as I felt the symptoms coming on I went to an urgent care.  The first day of macrobid I got a headache. The second day I had severe headache, body aches, weakness and malaise.  However, I thought it was just my illness, because I have never had an experience like this with medication before.  Day 3, I am in hell and sicker than a dog. Severe headache, nausea, light headed, weak, fatigued. I called in for Bactrim.  DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION. I get that not everyone has this reaction, but the risk is not worth it to me.
I suffer from severe arthritis of hips and knees and they need to be replaced.  My Dr put me on belbuca along with my other pain meds and I 'm just gonna tell you belbuca is a joke. Thanks to all you junkies out there people like me that suffer everyday from chronic pain literally are forced on this drug because all you crack heads want to get high. You will eventually start trying to abuse this and they will ban it as well. Because you find anyway to abuse something thanks to you all. Think of this when you get hurt real bad and need pain meds and the Dr won 't give you any because they don 't make them anymore. Think of that and I hope you finally see for your self, but belbuca is a joke
50 mg twice a day was tolerable but didn 't do much for central cord syndrome pain.  75 mg three times a day isn 't helping with pain so far, makes me dizzy and puts me to sleep most of the day. I got leg spasms at night after not taking it. Walking around a little stopped the spasms. I 'd like to give it a better try, but the side effects prevent me from functioning.
Made my depression and anxiety worse.  Caused more instances of suicidal ideation.
Its a great contraceptive, I cant possibly get pregnant Why? Because I 've had my period for 6 weeks!This is seriously the worst thing I 've ever had.
I guess perhaps a rating of 1 is unfair, but I 've ramped up from 20 to 60MG daily, and I feel nothing. 6 months ago I was taking 40MG/Day and I felt amazing for about 3 or 4 weeks, then it just pooped out on me overnight. Suddenly it was all gone. Very frustrating but my original prescription was from a GP, now I 'm seeing a psych. His theory was that I should try something that worked for me previously, but at a dosage level my GP wasn 't comfortable with. Anyway, so far I don 't feel a thing. Thanks in advance - the info on this forum has been fantastic.
It caused severe bleeding and blood clots. I did not have any side effects of blood clots before I took this birth control. I missed so much work due to this pill, I went off cold turkey.
After taking this pill for 2 cycles, I was acting irrational, having mood swings, night sweats, severe acne and other menopausal symptoms.
I purchase the 1 day ovule, it 's been 4 days and I 'm getting constant burning and itching. I 'm not sure if this gonna cure my yeast infection. Can 't get an earlier appointment with my doctor so I 'm now in line at the store getting the 3 day pre application tioconozale
Took this med for peripheral neuropathy in feet, legs and finger tips from long term untreated hypothyroidism.300mg 3 times a day.Very little relief when first started.Then after a few months the pain got worse.Also does a number on your stomach.I stopped it and had no withdraws and feel a whole lot better.Need to look for something else for this horrible nerve pain.
I couldn 't sleep at all.  It made my heart beat fast.  Overall physically I felt very uncomfortable and unstable. I stopped it and went back to Zyprexa.
I really wanted this medicine to work.  My doctor gave me a sample and I tried it for a week.  Then I got my prescription filled.  After two more weeks me face started turning red in the middle of the day.  I don 't mean a little pink, I mean red, almost purple.  It would take several hours to subside.  My nose was affected worst.  In order to determine if the Mirvaso was the cause, I started using it on only one side of my face.  Sure enough, the side with the Mirvaso turned extremely red during the day.  I am going to stop using this medicine.  It was very expensive, but did not work for me.
I took medicine for first time and had an allergic reaction. The palms of my hands and bottom of my feet were itching so bad! Then my entire body starting itching, even my private areas. 
This is the second time i have been on TriNessa and it is not working for me. I regularly get very moody and overly sensitive to everything followed by crying for nothing. I have had blurriness in my right eye and severe migraines almost everyday. I originally went on Trinessa for acne, it didn 't help at all, it actually got worse. And I noticed that my periods are longer and cramps are a lot worse.
I had a awful reaction to this medication, while I was in the ER. I felt like my whole body was on fire and I wanted to crawl up the walls. It was giving to me because it is a none narcotic medication because I am allergic to a lot of the stronger pain medication 's. This is one more I can add to my list of adverse reaction.
Justin became very shaky, weak, lost stability that he has not gained back. He went into massive seizures when on the drug. After two hospitalizations, we took him off. It has been over a year and he continues to have difficulty with standing up in the mornings and walking all the time.
Took this as a cold medicine because I can 't stop coughing. Was all fine and dandy and went out to dinner. Halfway there I had to stop because I felt gurgling in my stomach. Sure enough- diarrhea. I should have listened to the reviews- do NOT take this medicine.
Had either a urinary infection or intestinal. New to macrobid, in one day after taking the medicine I ran a 104.7 fever, was nauseous and hurt all over. Ran a fever off and on till I got off the med and started cipro.  Began noticing fatigue, brain fog and constant headaches. 10 weeks later I 've been diagnosed with hypoxmia and am starting night time oxygen therapy. Already have RA, Sjogrens and Sarcoidosis, didn 't need this drug complicating my life. Macrobid should be taken off the market!!!
I was on this drug for a long time and the only thing I can report is that I felt like a zombie most of the time, was so tired that I could barely function ( lost my job as a result of it ), and had absolutely no desire for sex whatsoever. I rarely felt that I was thoroughly enjoying anything that was going on in my life, it completely numbed me out to a traumatic experience that I should have been dealing with and as a result of being on it I did not fully process that experience until getting off of the medication... That and the withdrawal symptoms were debilitating, and terrible. Brain zaps are not a fun experience and they were bad with this one.
I took celexa many years ago and when I stopped taking it I developed brain zaps a common side effect of withdrawal. After one month of quitting celexa I started hearing voices telling me to harm others. It got so bad that I started attacking people with a knife. I was arrested by the police. During trial I was found not criminally responsible (NCR). I was suffering from psychosis. I was sent to a secure hospital. I spent a year in there  I saw the review board and they said I was a significant threat to the safety of the public because I told my doctor I felt like killing more people. 
Celexa has alot of ingredients that you do not need. Lexapro is cleaner more potent form of celexa. Celexa is not ment for anxiety. I am seeing alot of placebo effects on here. I swear alot of these comments are from the celexa company
Took this twice about 5 days apart.  The first time I was awake all night. The second time I was awake but also thought I could jump out of my skin. It would be like restless leg (which I don 't have) except it 's your whole body. Scary drug !  Called my Doctor &amp; told them to put it on my chart as allergy.
Awful. I had this inserted after my 3rd child in November 2015 for use of birth control and irregular periods. I had this removed just after 3 months because I bled (not spotted) every single day. Post removal, I have been still bleeding for 2 weeks straight. I used this device in conjunction with the pill to try to stop the spotting/bleeding and that did not work at all. I 'm on my 4th pack and I still bled with the lowest dose of the pill while on the IUD. The strings also poked my partner during sex so my OB shortened them. At time of removal, he tried several times to take the IUD out because the strings were so short. Mirena should be taken off the market. This non stop bleeding is worse than I 've ever experienced. DO NOT GET THIS IUD!
I 'm nineteen and took the monistat 1day treatment about four days ago for what I self diagnosed as a yeast infection. I took it just before bed, and about three hours later woke up in such intense pain I 've never felt anything so bad. Now, the itching is still there, I 'm excreting the product daily, and I think I 've had a bad reaction, because now there is a pimple like bump near my opening which was definitely not there before.      I 'm a virgin, and I took the monistat test before taking the one day to see if it was bv or not, I got normal results. My advice; go to a gynecologist before using. I realize now that the warnings are there for a reason.
My son (6yrs) is on Focalin in the morning and Tenex in the late afternoon. They have put him on it twice and was the same way both times. He was bouncing off the walls, pulling his hair out, very very smart but. He had an answer for everything and everybody. It was a complete disaster. We could not go anywhere and do anything. He had awful fits. We now take Focalin 20 in morning and Focalin  5 in the afternoon. I 'm not so sure that 's working either.
It does absolutely nothing.  I used the HFA and it was more effective.  The new one it is just fancy, too expensive and it does not work.
Liver problems, severe stomach pain, severe constipation, memory issues, trouble sleeping, loss of appetite, nausea to name just a few. Otherwise it took my knee pain away.
I am getting the Nexplanon removed tomorrow and I can not wait!! I started the birth control in October of 2015 and the first 6 months was completely fine. This past year or so has been horrible!! I have been on my period for the past few months on and off. I have no idea when it is going to come or go.  As if that 's not bad enough, I have been depressed/ very irritated. I cry every day about the tiniest things that make me upset. Before I started this birth control I was not an emotional person at all. Now I cry ALL THE TIME. It makes me feel like I 'm truly depressed but I don 't have anything to be sad about. I have zero sex drive as well because I am always so tired and just not in the mood. Can 't wait to get rid of this thing!!
I had to stop taking  nitro-dur 5 coz my neck got so sore &amp; stiff . I tried it for three days each day the same pain .every  after noon I had to remove the patch which when done the pain was gone after 30-40 minutes after
I had a bad experience with Zyprexa. It made me very drowsy and I gained a lot of weight. May be good for someone else. I did not find it helpful in my situation.
I have been taking this for about 2 months. I 've never had acne until I took this pill. I 'm hoping that by stopping it and switching to another pill the acne will dissapear. Not only that but i experienced shortness of breath while sitting at my desk and was gasping for air for at least 20 minutes :( that was the day I stopped taking the pill.
After a few hours of taking the first pill, I felt slightly sick and sleepy. I woke up feeling down and took the next pill, about three hours later I was nauseous and sick to my stomach. I threw up after the 5 hours of nausea and finally felt a little better. On the third day I didn 't take it because I was already feeling emotional and depressed, not to mention still sick and slightly week.A birth control pill has never affected me this way before.
Do not get the shot. I got the shot a while ago at first everything was alright but then I got my period which I 've had forever now it will not go away. I get the worst headaches that I 've ever had before and they last all day and I get them everyday. I feel sick. And I also have started to feel super moody and sad out of no where. My body gets achey and I am starting to gain weight definitely will not be getting the shot again it 's not worth it.
I 've just had my first dose, so too soon to review it 's effectiveness. It is very difficult to open the packaging and apply even after practicing with the trainer they provide. This morning I found some things that helped me and I hope they might help others. I cut past the suggested lines at least 1/8 of an inch (my shaky fingers barely got the first one open, ha) Instead of using my fingers, I used tweezers to pick up and place the patch in my cheek. Good luck to all!
Ive had my implant for almost 3 years and I absolutely hate it at this point. I 've gained 40lbs, always tired and sad, I have terrible mood swings and I 'm severely depressed. I never want to do anything and due to me bleeding for months at a time I 've opted out of having sex. I will be getting my implant removed next week thank god!!!
This is my 2nd YI from antibiotics &amp; I knew right away so I went &amp; bought the 1-day. First time I figured it out took maybe after 3-4 days &amp; I went bought the 7-day. Only used it once, it cleared up right away. So thinking the 1-day would do the same I was very wrong. I ended making it a bigger problem then it was. I showered and used the anti-itch cream, it worked well on the outside but the insert caused intense itching about 2 hours after, the worst I 've ever had &amp; I couldn 't even scratch it. Maybe after 3 hours dealing with it I ended up sitting in the tub with hot water for another hour trying to rinse it out. It became unbearable. The water helped a lot. Still itchy though, hopefully in the morning it will be manageable
I tried Chantix on two seperate occasions and it did not help in any way.
I had a total knee replacement three weeks ago and Versed was used as an amnesia drug while they prepped me, etc. I barely remember anything for the next two and a half days, had short dreams, one in which I was painting and when I woke up, my hand was up and moving like I had a paint brush. I don 't remember eating a thing in the hospital, to this day. My friends who visited told me I had chicken, etc., When my Mum and friend came to visit, we were watching television and I asked her who did she find to hang her big screen tv on the wall. She didn 't, we were in the hospital. I called my best friend at 3am to ask her if she could come and get me at a friends house, I was in the hospital.  I 'll never have this drug used on me again, ever
So I had the mirena after my first daughter and had it again after my second but felt it was making me very moody and gained weight. So I just have been on aviane for 2 weeks and I have had painful heartburn and acid reflux to the point of no sleep for 3 nights straight this past week and extremely bloated feeling. I was really excited to be back on the pill since before my kids I was on the pill and never had any issues, but I 'm only two weeks in and my body is hating itself. Sad to say I would not recommend. But everyone is different
I have been taking Contrace for 12 weeks no and haven 't lost any weight. In the beginning I did have slight stomach upset and pains but well worth it to lose a few pounds, once my body adjusted the side effects went away. However I would lose a pound, then gain a pound, never lost any real weight. Good things was I didn 't gain any weight. I lost over 50 pounds about 2 years ago with qsymia but hated my mood on it so much I couldn 't take it anymore. My mood on Contrave was wonderful, I 'm now off it and asking my doctor for a script for Wellbutrin.
A friend gave me two 50 mg and said it was good pain pill, but I took both of them and it did NOTHING! What a waste!
Just started the medication, &amp; I understand it takes up to 90 days to realize full benefits. However, I 've noticed minor improvement in my eyes, without side effects. One big issue: the dose is 1 drop 2x/day. The eye dropper provided is terrible at delivering 1 drop. The stuff goops out, and when I first started, I was probably getting 3-4 drops in my eye. I found the old fashioned nipple glass eye dropper works great at administering 1 drop at a time. However, this means unsealing the plastic containers in which the med is provided. They appear to be sealed, requiring cutting the top off. And, this risks contamination of the medicine. Allergin needs to provide a suitable delivery dropper. Hence, the 1 star.
My experience with this was so horrible, made me feel worse, was always tired and so irritated, not to mention the headaches it gave me! I was always so hungry after taking the tablets, I was constantly eating and still didn 't feel like I was full. Made me feel really achey and weak, I would not recommend this anti depressant to anybody!!!
Welbutrin ruined my life. I went from 220 lbs. down to barely 100. I cannot eat. I am literally rotting away. It enlarged my prostate and now I feel like I 'm carrying around a grapefruit. It also increased my libido to the point of being completely frustrating.
I took Effexor for a little over a year. I really didn 't feel anything at all. It numbs your emotions to a cold lukewarm middle of nothingness. I also had a minor seizure after accidentally forgetting to take it one day.
Please be very aware of the side effects. I was taking this with no problem for about 6 months, then starting having mini blackouts (10-20 secs). Blacked out at the wheel and at work. Apparently this is called mircosleeps and is a possible side effect (under Somnolence). I also experience the CNS Stimulation side effects- mostly anxiety and euphoria. I have been off it for 6 months and no issues, but my doctors had no clue it was the medication, until I stopped taking it and the problems went away.
If you boil up balsom tea every day for one month you will cut your colestral and your thyroid down to where you dont have to take drugs. Its no quick fix but its a lot better than taking drugs. My wife is going off a lot of drugs and feels a lot better.
I have been taken hydrocodone for years. My doctor wanted me to try the Tylenol 4. It did absolute nothing for the pain at all. He switched me back to the hydrocodone.
I have had 4 different manufacturers of levetiracetam since September 2011. With 4 gran mal seizures since December 2011. That is the same number that I have had from 1993 to 2011 while on Dilantin and that was only because it was a doctor/patient lowered dose of Dilantin.  Keppra may work great, but not the generics.
Wow, I 'm really surprised with the reviews of this drug. This drug should not be taken for ADHD. There are many (safer) alternatives. I don 't know, maybe I was just unlucky...I was prescribed Ritalin at around the age of 5-6, and from day one I had extreme fatigue, weren 't interested in any other activity but sleep. It made learning from not interesting to impossible. After a couple of months taking it I had lost a lot of weight...by that time the doctors had to take me off Ritalin. It has caused me to be underweight ever since (I 'm 20 now). If your child(ren) are hyperactive you should really consider cutting of the high amounts of sugar that they are exposed to in this day of age. Don 't drug them, they will soon develop in a mature being.
I have been on Trinessa for 3 months. Everything was going just fine the first two months a little irritated at times but I assumed thats just my body getting used to the birth control. Anyway, it wasn 't until recently, half way through my second month up until the middle of my third month (today) I have been beyond sensitive. Tired. Really sore breast and literally cry at random times of day, I just cry for no reason but I feel so helpless. I have never felt so overwhelmed and emotional my whole life. I 'm seriously not the crying type at all. As soon as I finish this pack I 'm trying something different. I have the mood swings.
Started taking Invokana 100 mg on 4/19/16. By 4/26/16 I developed the most horrendous yeast infection ever. I was then prescribed fluconazole 100 mg for 10 days. So far have not had any relief from the yeast infection. Brain fog and awful muscle and joint pain have also plagued me after I started taking Invokana.  I have since stopped taking it, just not worth the physical pain or the mental disconnect that comes with it.
I 'm a 43 yr old healthy female who has had recent spinal disc degeneration so pain has been tough. Sleep was always elusive a bit except when exercise a big part of my life; now sleep has gotten more unobtainable. I used to get rx ambien but as predicted, it stopped working quickly with tolerance (non-addictive like unisom, but habit-forming and awful on memory - be wary of zolpidem/ambien.) Unisom and its generic have contributed to depression and ill feelings. I think this is quite literally as the bottle reads, for OCCASIONAL sleeplessness. Wishing it worked more regularly.
I was on Lexapro for close to 5 months - didn 't work for me, it made me More anxious.  Told my dr &amp; weaned off of it.  I would not recommend it.
I started taking Champix after trying to quit other ways and didn 't work. After 4 days being on them I started to feel quite unhappy. I felt very angry and snappy and upset. Couldn 't concentrate in work either. 
Awful experience with this drug after taking it for 5 weeks.  Started on 40mg for 4 weeks, then went to 80mg.  Stopped using it after 1 week on 80mg.  All adverse symptoms became much worse and no relief for ADD at all.  Extreme tiredness, dizzy when sitting up, insomnia, intestinal pains and moderate burning during ejaculation.  Was formerly using Adderall for 20 years which worked great, but because of a recent heart attack at age 50, my doctor recommended a change to Strattera.  To me, this medication was just awful.  The worst of the side effects were complete lethargy/sluggishness and insufferable insomnia. Now I will continue to look for another Adderall replacement or asking my doctor about possibly trying a lower Adderall dose.
I used Mirvaso three times. Five months ago. It destroyed my life. I didn 't know. The dermatologist was completely uneducated about the adverse events and did not inform me or warn me. She deceived me.
Took the depo shot for the first time earlier this year. Completely changed me my personality and my body. I break out easily I bleed all the time . I spot all the time! Made me bi polar and just overall horrible. When will it wear off?! When will I get my normal period and be back to normal?! I 've been off 3 months now.
Do not recommend at all. I got the Nexplanon when I was 18 and I 'm almost 21 now. While it is great BC for keeping you Unpregnant, I have not one ounce of motivation to get out of bed and do anything, I am always so tired, the acne is insane and I have spots all over my shoulders, chest, face that looks like a rash and is extremely noticeably (especially fresh out of the shower or when hot) &amp; the weight gain is crazy. I was about 110 pounds when I got out on it and I always had an extremely high metabolism but after being on Nexplanon I have a constant hunger that I cannot fill and I am up to 140 pounds. I am very easily angered and moody and over all it is not worth it when t comes to being happy in your own skin. getting removed this week
This is by far the WORST pill ever. I was on zovia and I absolutely loved it, and they stopped making it so I switched and they put me on this and when I started taking it I was bleeding for two weeks straight, and I figured it was just an adjustment period, also I would cry all the time, I wasn 't sad or upset, nothing happened, I just couldn 't help it I always was holding back the urge to cry. So after that lovely two week blood bath I had like five days without bleeding and then it started all over, so I 've been bleeding for a month straight, and I want to cry all the time.
My GP prescribed this for anxiety and directed that I take it every 8 hours. Now I have dealt with anxiety and severe panic attacks need immediate relief. This medication was not the one to do that for me. It made me very drowsy and at the same time I still had anxiety. This is not for someone who has a busy schedule because it will sedate you. I think this medication should only be used for its initial intent to control itching. Otherwise it was a waste for me.
I 've had Mirena in for 4 1/2 months now and I 'm still bleeding. I 'm going through about 2-3 tampons every 24 hours. I 've gone through about 6-7 snaps where it 'll stop for a day or two and then it starts right back up. I 'm out of town for a few months, but as soon as I get back I 'm having it taken out. I haven 't gotten pregnant during those snaps, so I guess it 's effective if you 're willing to spend your life bleeding.
Caused blurred vision and left me feeling drowsy.
I felt like I was going to die..I took the recommended doses for 12 and over and I almost felt like I was going to die I was so dizzy throwing up for 2 hours never again will I take this medicine.Check these reviews.
I have been Bipolar for 20 years and have tried many medicines, with Depakote and Lithium being the worst. I also needed antidepressants too. I went from 117 lbs to 225 lbs in 2 years on Depakote and being a zombie I did not notice the huge weight gain. I switched to Lamictal and Effexor and felt so much better. I started a daily exercise program and was able to cut down on food and lost over 100 lbs within 2 years.
My wife started taking Adderal 5 months ago.  It completely changed her for the worse.  Sure she might be able to complete tasks and feels energized but the side effects are ruining our family. She goes from talking to screaming in mid sentence.  Violent behavior is now the norm.  Zero sex drive.  Total lack of regard for others.  I have talked to her about these issues but the responses are &quot;shut up&quot;. She has lost 20 lbs and looks terrible. By the way she was bulimic as a teen and into college.  So the weight loss is appealing to her.  I contacted the first nurse vacationer that prescribed it for her. He cut her off.
I have allergy 's really bad and my doctor prescribed Alamast. I did not get any results whatsoever from this medicine. I had no side effects, or any relief from this drug either. It is very expensive (around $100 per bottle), and I used 2 bottles. However, someone else might have a better experience.
The first week into taking this pill, I got the yeast infection side effect and I 've never had one before. It made me way more emotional and sensitive to drama. My boyfriend doesn 't even think I 'm acting like the same person before I started taking the pill. Not only this but it makes me really hungry even when I feel full, I just crave eating more food. It also caused my acne to get worse within the first week. I stopped taking it after the first week so then I had the worst period in my whole life. I 'm 18 and I rarely had any sort of painful cramps and for the past 4 months I 've had cramps that are so painful it feels like I 'm giving birth and having painful contractions. Taking this pill was the worst mistake I 've ever made!
When I first got the nexplanon implant I thought it was a godsend because I didn 't have to worry about getting pregnant for 3 years but I soon found out it was not so ideal. Within a few months I started growing cysts (one in my breast, wrist, on my jawline, and one on my ovaries) and gaining an incredible amount of weight. It also made my periods much heavier and unpredictable. I literally had almost ALL of the side effects possible. I ended up getting it out early. It wasn 't too terrible to get out other than the numbing shot was somewhat painful (felt like getting stung by multiple bees in the same spot) and it was a rather quick procedure. I would not recommend the implant to anyone!
I 'm constipated all the time. (I was eating 40+ grams of fiber a day) - so I am absolutely miserable on this. My blood sugars are lower, but only because I can 't eat.  If I eat anything healthy at all, I get sick.  I cannot lay down at night because the heartburn is so bad.  The first thing I do every morning is throw up.  The only time I don 't have nausea is if I eat refined flour or sugar - which is not what I want to do.  I constantly have cramps, feel like I have the flu, and overall my quality of life has gotten worse since I started. I don 't know why my doctor won 't let me go to mealtime insulin instead of this.
I absolutely hate this medication. I had cold sweats, extreme cramping, horrible nausea, vomiting, and nearly blacked out. ALL FROM ONE PILL. I 'm a 23 year old woman. An over the counter constipation medication shouldn 't do this. I would never recommend this medication to anyone. I honestly don 't believe it should be on the market, or at least offered over the counter and readily available to the unsuspecting consumer.
Chronic back pain after a motor cycle accident years ago. A couple of months ago started out on 5 mg then 10 then 15 now 20 mg and its not offering much relief at all. Doctor says it should be helping he doesn 't believe its not so stalemate.
The product gave me extreme rashes and my face was itchy for the next couple of days. My whole face was extremely swollen, it is possible I am allergic to benzoyl peroxide.
I have been on cortisteroids for about 10 years due to asthma and allergies, many times bronchitis and pneumonia. Asthma very bad this year and have increased use of Symbicort up to 8 inhalations per day, usually 4, no better so doctor prescribed Singular on Monday and 4 days later feeling somewhat clearer but producing more sputum, itchy and trouble resting very hyper.  I will try to stay on it for another 7 days to see if it settles as per the pharmacist. 
The worst generic brand. I took Micronor and switched to generic for insurance purposes. Back pain, bleeding never ends..I am getting the Micronor back this norethindrone is not for me.
living in UK i doubt if the ingredients are changed in zovirax here but I 've been getting cold sores (mayby 10-15 a year..) since I was little and have always been using zovirax and now more commonly the compeed patches. The stuff is useless if anything it spreads it around even though I keep immaculate hygene with them, only using cotton but to apply etc. The only thing the cream seems to do is hold it at the stage its at and as soon as the cream is off for more than half a day it erupts again... I can have the cream on for ten days at a time.NOT CHEAP AND NOT EFFECTIVE. HELP
Chantix was terrible for me. Made me so nauseous I could not get out of bed. For me it gave me headaches and made me feel &quot;hungover&quot; all day long. Also I could not sleep more than 2 hours a night. Now it did make me not want to smoke but I can 't be under those conditions all day everyday. So after 9 days I 'm stopping.
Left knee arthroscopic clean up. Still bad. Steroid injection relief for couple months. Another injection with fluid removed and same. Can walk on even ground with little to no pain. Can not go up stairs still so try Euflexxa. After first of 3 shots I am in pain walking on even ground now. Worse. Back does not hurt, just knee on standing or walking. Don 't know what surgeon will do about this. This knee looked salvageable so no replacement offered yet. Ironically, the other knee is totally bone on bone but has no pain. Was hoping to get thru summer without big surgery.
When I first had the implanon inserted it was not painful at all and very quick. The months following insertion, I received my period for about 6 months straight! It was horrible and had an effect on my relationship at the time. Finally, my period subsided and I didn 't have any bleeding or signs of a period for about 6 months. During this time it was amazing! Then, my period started again... It started in December and it is now April. It wasn 't a light period either. It was extreme to where I couldn 't go an hour without changing a tampon and I couldn 't sleep an entire night without having problems. Tomorrow I am having it removed and having the mirena iud inserted. I am hoping for a better experience!
Took it 2 times and it gave me chest pain, nervousness and could not sleep.  Stopped taking it.
The nausea hit within 20 minutes or so.  I kept trying to vomit in the toilet, but just dry heaving.  I was  crying at the same time and my poor cat was standing near me crying, too.   I was sick for hours and really thought about calling an ambulance.  I laid down with a blanket and was shivering.  This has been the worst experience I have ever had with a prescription drug.  I feel so bad I will not be able to take my other meds tonight.  I am afraid I will throw them up.
I have... Or should I say had clear skin, from time to time I would have gotten a zit or two. Now however I have tiny bumps all over my face due to this birth control. I 'm highly disappointed although my period is much lighter, it doesn 't help the fact that my face is breaking out terribly; It 's only causing me to be stressed and depressed, I 'd rather bleed through tampons.
l have IBS-C. l took linzess 145 for 4 days now. worked good until today! Incomplete bowel movements and bloating, cramping some too! l do not know if l up the linzess to 290?  Sorta scared to do that.  l really had high hopes for linzess!! Because l do suffer from constipation too.
Soolantra did not work for me.  Made my rosacea worse.
Do NOT use this product.I had taken this with 12 hours and am now pregnant!!!  Please, I advise all you women who do not want a chid right now to use protection! and if it fails to use the other brands of morning after pill. DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT!! it also gave me bad cramps!! For what?!?! It didn 't even work!!!!
I 'm 18 years old and have been on Loestrin 24 Fe for about a year and a half. I 'm taking it only for birth control. At first everything seemed okay. I had no spotting, no missed periods, and no weight gain. A couple months in, I noticed a huge decline in sex drive. The mood swings came, and I gained some weight, even though my diet has always been very healthy. And the mood swings were ridiculous! I would cry just about every day for no reason at all, and get so mad over little tiny things. I didn 't know the moodiness and low sex drive could have to do with the birth control I am on, and after doing research I realized what it is.
I was reckless my heart pounded and nose bled every day worst antipsychotic I have tried
I was on this medication for 5 months straight with no results. No bad side effects, but it caused very fast weight loss. I lost about 15 lbs without trying so I discontinued treatment in fear of losing too much weight.  It slowed the yellowing of my big toenail, but did not help eliminate it. Will have to see the doctor for other treatment.
I took effexor for almost 7 years, the worst years of my life. I was angry and furious all the time, my anxiety was horrible and I cannot say it helps with the depression. I realised that effexor change my pesonality when I stop to take it and some how I was back to normal, except that my memory was very poor. To avoid the withdrawal my family doctor put my on cipralex, which give me palpitations, and after Zoloft that did nothing to me, remeron which worked for 3 months (helped me enormous with my insomnia) and after no more benefits and 10 kg more, water retention , I tried for 1 week Prozac and I woke up in a full panic attack at 4 o clock in the morning, horrible. Now I am taking only clonazepam as needed 0.5mg and is working like a charm
Ohhh, don 't take Effexor (Venlafaxine) and Tramadol on the same day!   My Doc said not to, but Tram helps me sleep deeply so now and then I do. Well,  last night,  if those odd muscle jerks and repeated shakes/moves weren 't minor seizures than I have no other explanation!
Bled for four months straight
From day one, YES day one, I turned into an irritable, annoyed, aggressive person. I gave it a week, thinking my body was just adjusting. I stayed &quot;raged&quot;, we 'll call it. Talked to my pharmacist, she recommended that I not keep taking it. I feel much better off of it. Will try something else.
Started Belviq 5 days ago. I am incredibly drained and exhausted. Have had headaches, issues with balance, feeling of not connecting to my own thoughts or words, eating more, gained 3 pounds... And today the exhaustion was so bad I feel asleep behind the wheel of my car twice on a short trip to my grandparents house. I left a message with my doctor 's office and will follow up tomorrow. Take the side effects seriously. I have never had issues like this with a medication.
Having contracted Lyme 's disease, I was given a 2 week regimen of Doxycycline, only a day before I travelled to Cyprus on vacation. Being told by my physician that I should be careful with sunning, I stayed inside during the day, coming out in the evening. However, the heat alone ?? made me within two days break out with large, but not painful blisters on hands, fingers and toes. Sandals was then used as I could not get into my shoes. Calling my doctor, I was told to stop the treatment immediately, which I did. I took me three weeks to get rid of the blisters, but obviously I cannot rate the effectiveness of the medicine as I cut the use of the pills within the first week.
Im on around the clock opiate therapy, so when I have something major come up, like a kidney stone, I have a hard time finding a medicine, then being able to take and mix it with my current medications.I had a kidney stone about 6 months ago, and the urologist gave me 60, 4mg hydromorphone tablets; they were useless, I took them back, he didn 't want them, so I flushed them down the toilet.He prescribed Demerol 50mg 1 or 2 tabs every 4 hours, and it worked like a charm. I will say, when I went to the ER for the kidney stone, the IV Dilaudid worked wanders, but taking it by mouth was absolutely a waste, not to mention the money I spent, getting the prescription filled, to literally flush it down the toilet. No good orally, for MY pain.
I had a PE in 2014. Will be on blood thinners for life. Specialist switched me from warfarin to Xarelto last February and life has been three shades of hell ever since.Weight gain, pain, headaches, hair loss, ridiculous fatigue ... my period was out of control- like Carrie (stephen king) style until I finally got an IUD device (which I have never really wanted to do but at least my iron stores have recovered.)I found a new family doctor who agreed to put me back on warfarin but the specialist talked me out of it this winter. I 'm so weak and tired I can 't stand it.Started on warfarin yesterday and get to quit the Xarelto in two days. Can 't wait.
I took Terbinafine for only 4 days but experienced loss of taste, loss of appetite, constant tiredness, and painful swollen lymph nodes. Blood pressure dropped and lost 8 pounds. Went to urgent care and had CBC and urinalysis. Everything came back fine and Dr. Confirmed the reaction to medicine. I still feel lousy after stopping Terbinafine a week ago. Don 't risk it, awful medicine! Yuck!
I have IBS so meds are a problem.  I suffer from complicated grief and PTSD as a result of my loss.  I finally consulted a psychiatrist because primary care Dr. Not knowledgeable enough.  We tried five meds, at least.  The best by far was Lexapro but it made the IBSD so bad it became dangerous.  Now on 50 mg Zoloft generic after starting with half a 25 my pill and slowly working up.  Just had flare of IBS so can 't increase another half as Dr. Prescribed until it settles down.  At first I thought it was working, not any more.  I can 't sit still, a foot is always rapidly shaking, even if I wake up during the night.  I feel really hopeless and like underneath the drugs effects I 'm ready to scream.   Have to talk to my psych Dr.
I 've been seeing a mental health doctor at my VA for 5 months and I kept telling her I haven 't had a night of full sleep in years, the mental health physician prescribed me trazodone - the first 3 nights my sleep got better but day 4,5 and 6 I was the most depressed I 've ever felt, I 'm always an up beat person and I fell into a dark space and had a pistol in my hand crying my eyes out - luckily I reached out to a dear friend of mine who talked me down and listened to me, I quit trazodone and now I 'm taking melatonin for sleep - way better - Avoid this drug as a sleep aid !
I 've never been on any form of birth control before, and my doctor recommended minastrin 24 fe as a starting basis. I was a Sunday starter (which I found helpful, I always never know which day of the week it is), and for the first three days it was fine. But then, my period lasted for two weeks (tmi part: ultra heavy, and I 'm usually a regular tampon kind of person), I got HORRIBLE mood swings, I felt depressed, and just always so angry. I had the worst cramps, and I usually don 't get cramps during my periods. I don 't recommend this brand, but that 's my personal experience and ice read other similar comments.
Immediately following my very last period I started having severe hot flashes. So bad that they made me jump out of bed. Changes clothes or I 'd start freezing, even in mid summer. So started low dose Prempro. It took about 5 days to start helping. After taking it for about 8 months it stopped working. I even tried taking it twice a day a couple times thinking the dose was to low but still no help. So now Im going to go to another different doctor to see what else can be done to prevent my misery. Also want to mention that since menopause, I have zero Interest in sexual relations with my husband. I just wondered if anyone else has had this medication work then stop all together? Thank you for reading my story. I sure hope to find something
Never, ever take this drug or those part of the Flouroquinolone family (Cipro, etc.). I didn 't realize that this was a blacklisted drug; it should be illegal to prescribe such a thing and the doctor who prescribed this to me failed to tell me about the side effects. When I asked her what the side effects were, she said &quot;lightheadedness&quot;. Thankfully I only took about 750 mg in total and am going to do whatever I can to expel this poison from my body. Warn everyone you know to NEVER take this drug.
I 've only been using this for a little while now and I 've already been having some side effects. One day I 'll be so mad and then the next day I just want to cry over everything. Also been getting random painful headaches. 
Watson are  the worst although I have not tried Mylan and since I no longer have insurance and not working  I won 't be getting them again at 350.00 a box.
I am writing this review as I just returned from Emergency Room with my sister for the second time in a week after she was prescribed Rexulti for depression. She felt fine the first two days and about the 6th day she was a mess. She has been off the medicine for 10 days now and is still experiencing an adverse effect. She is having violent uncontrollable shaking in her legs. She is experiencing numbness in her tongue and her speech is very slurred, probably because it seems as though her tongue is also swollen. She was given a shot of ativan, a steriod, and shot of phenergan. We were told these symptoms could last from 6-8 weeks. However, the ER doctor said sometimes these symptoms are irreversible. I pray that is not the case.
I 've been bloated as of late and decided to take not 1, not 2 but 3 tablets thinking, &quot;hm, why not?&quot; And that was one of the worst decisions of my 24 years of existence. The party didn 't start until 8 hours in when I woke up feeling nauseous. I decided to take some nauzene and suck it up and drive the 30 minutes to work. Little did I know that a short 2 hours later, the real fun would begin. It started as cramping, like my insides were on fire. I tried ginger ale but alas, it failed me for the first time ever. I scurried to the facilities where I seriously thought I would meet my end. The cramping, bloating and unimaginable diarrhea was not in the least bit appreciated. But, I had to give it 5 stars because it did &quot;technically&quot; do its job.
Every dose of this medicine has caused worse side effects. Extreme nausea, diarrhea, awful taste in my mouth, palpitations, fatigue, dizziness, shakes - the list goes on. Day 4, I couldn 't move 2 steps without wanting the vomit, yet I had to literally sprint to the bathroom for my bowels. I actually had to call into work because I felt so ill. Ended up calling my doctor to get switched to a different antibiotic. Never, never, never again.
I just had emergency gallbladder removal surgery. When I woke up from general anesthesia I was given a Dilaudid i.v. The pain was still there. I begged and begged for a higher dose but was not given one. Throughout the night and next day the moment the Dilaudid was injected in the i.v I would vomit. I had to keep my eyes closed for most of the morning. Even with anti-nausea injections the Dilaudid had me vomiting. In regards to the pain it lasted only about 2 hours and then the pain was back. I had them stop administering it to me.
It smells terrible,so I only used it at night when I showered. I gave it 2 months and it didn 't help at all! I guess it works for some, and not for others.
My 9 yr old son is on this medicine for pain and for him it doesn 't work at all.
Had high Triglycerides for more than a decade.  Was on Niaspan for much of that time.  Little or no impact on my numbers (continually had 400 level Triglycerides or higher)My daughter, a nursing student, suggested I look at something different.  Finally moved to Lopid.  Take 1 pill when I wake up, and one 30 minutes before my evening meal. Since taking Lopid, I 've not had a number higher than 150, and I 'm eating what I want.  I realize that Niaspan might work for some.  But if it 's not working for you, I strongly recommend trying Lopid.
This medicine made me feel a million times worse than without any allergy medicine at all. It felt like I was having a severe allergic reaction to Xyzal which is supposed to help alleviate allergy symtoms, not cause more severe symptoms. I really hope it didn 't cause any long-term harm.
The first six months of using Gildess were unremarkable.  It was effective in preventing pregnancy, did not worsen nor produce acne, and I did not experience any remarkable weight gain.  It was like any other birth control.  After my first six months, however, I experienced spotting, heavier bleeding, and random periods throughout the month.  In one month, I experienced two periods. For the past few months, my periods started after two weeks of active pills.
I got the implant 3/31/16, first period came as normal but instead of my normal 4 days it was 10. My next period started 4 days before it normally would have, and hasn 't stopped yet. Mostly spotting, but it 's all been about black. I thought that meant it was old blood lining, but obviously my uterus must be larger than myself, or so it seems! I want to cut the damn thing out of my arm myself. If I had any idea my period was going to be like this, I would have kept the 4 day and just used condoms! Now, I just get nothing! Not happy!
I have gotten this implant about couple months ago bc I couldn 't get the mirena. At first I had the depo shot and I actually like it better but I wanted something that lasted a little longer and a doctor told me to get it so I did. Big mistake I did of getting it, when I had gotten it, it freaking hurt  like my arm had hurt for like a while, then time passed I got bad acne and I really don 't break out much but man it was bad, on top of that my hair was falling out like crazy my hair was getting thin a lot,on top of that I gained weight now, also the bleeding was annoying it wouldn 't go away and before I got my period my pH balance was horrible I couldn 't even have sex at all cause of the implant.
If it was possible, I would give this product a -10. I researched the quickest acting YI OTC treatment and everyone I knew talked about Monistat. I had big plans for tonight, so I really needed this infection to be under wraps. Took the insert around 8:00 last night and applied the cream. Within minutes, my vagina felt like it was on fire. Like I 'd dipped a tampon in acid and stuck it up there. On top of that, the itching (which was uncomfortable but bearable before) spiked to feel like that whole area was itching - clit to anus. I think it 's mostly the cream that causes the burning. It 's noon the next day and no change - only now I have extra gross discharge. So much for a &quot;one day fix.&quot;
Absolute worst experience I&rsquo;ve had with birth control. I switched from Trinessa to Ashlyna because of my horrible cramps, very heavy bleeding, and broken out skin. I was told that Ashlyna would make it so I&rsquo;d only get my period every 3 months. I had my period for 6 months straight no breaks. I was also horribly depressed the entire time I was on this pill, and was ALWAYS exhausted considering how much I was bleeding. I finally returned to my doctor and she asked if I want to keep giving it a try?? After being on the pill from hell for a little over 6 months I immediately knew the answer was NO.
I just tried ambien last night for the first time since not getting any more than 2-3 hrs of sleep and I didn 't take the recommended amount of 5mg I took 10mg n it worked perfect for me no side affects of being drowsy in the morning nothing slept right through the night and woke up like a new refreshed woman.
I have had no difference in bleeding since inserted 8 months ago. Time to get it removed,over it!
Quit using Trulicity after 5 shots.Had every side effect in the book. Always nauseous, stomach pain, diarrhea, no appetite at all. Just felt like I was sick with the flu. Lost 7lbs in those weeks because I could not bring myself to eat.Also, sugar readings were not impressive - were brought down somewhat but still spiked after just eating a little bit. Had expected more since it said it would cause pancreas to produce insulin after eating.
I used Intal for some time, about a year. It didn 't really help me
I had a UTI and It helped with my pain but only brought on terrible back pain. it hurt so bad I couldn 't breath or move it was worse than the uti pain. Let 's just say after one day they are in the trash and I embrace uti pain worse product ever.
I got one dose of the Depo shot May 2015. Two months after getting the shot I had spotting here &amp; there. It 's November 2015 now &amp; for the past 4 months I 've had spotting almost everyday, painful sex, no sex drive, fatigue, always hungry &amp; I 've gained weight like crazy. I get irritated very easily, &amp; get mood swings. Lately I 've been bleeding heavily it 's annoying! I have an appointment in 2 months to see what 's going on &amp; I was told the depo shot isn 't suppose to stop your periods until 2nd or 3rd shot. The only reason I got the depo was because my period was horrible, it was heavy the whole time &amp; the cramps were unbearable. I most definitely DON 'T recommend the Depo shot!
I took Viibryd and it made me feel worse than before! I took it for about 2 months. Everything seemed fine but after 2 months I felt these feelings of low-self esteem (Because of another issue but the Viibryd made the problem seem 20 times worse) and overall terrible. I was on Paxil before and I think I was better off still on that! I take Effexor now and feel much better. Viibryd was not for me.
Left Lexapro for Viibryd. First few weeks were fine. After about 5 weeks on 40 MG the terrible symptoms hit. Insane irritability, hostility, anger, anxiety, panic attacks, etc. My doctor with over 40 years experience told me not to even bother with a slow reduction. Just stop the medicine ASAP. He recommended taking 10 MG only if I felt withdrawal symptoms.  This was destroying my life.
So, my experience with the Implanon (Nexplanon) Implant was adventurous, to say the least, and not in good way.The second week of insertion, I felt like I was pregnant. Literally, from food cravings to nausea. I felt light headed from time to time. And mood swings, OH the MOOD SWINGS!But at that point in time I didn 't think anything of it. I figured it was just my body 's way of adapting to a new medicine. Whatever.A couple months later, I talked to my doctor about getting back on my depression medicine...no big deal. I 've been depressed most of my life. Side note that i though was pretty cool:Over time I noticed a day before I started my period the area that the device was located would feel a burning pinching sensation... Much cle
This has been my first month taking this birth control pill and the reason I decided to take it was to help regulate my period. Well now I have been bleeding longer than usual, I have really really bad cramps., I cry for no reason, I get mad at my husband and my daughter for no reason and I 'm constantly depressed. I cant take it anymore.
My doctor gave this dose pack have chronic bronchitis it help very little went to doctor again gave me the same thing I had this bronchitis for a month it 's a little better but not gone now call doctor again third time got a office tomorrow this dose pack is junk send it back to India
I wish I had reported this to the FDA when it happened. I don 't know how helpful my account of the side effects from many years ago would be now. However, I would like to share this somewhere, as what I experienced is not verified as a side effect but possibly suspected--- I don 't want anyone to go through what I went through and not suspect this medication to be the culprit. After taking one dose of Singular in the evening, the next day, I experienced suicidal thoughts, severe anxiety, and a feeling as if I were being separated from my body (if that makes sense). I have no history of such problems, never took Singular again, and never experienced what I described again.
I used Diane for years but my doctor switched me to Yasmin because I was experiencing breakthrough bleeding. Have been on Yasmin for six months and I really do not feel like myself with a consistent moderate depression and angry mood swings. So odd because I am normally a happy-go-lucky person! I was using Diane largely for my acne and it worked but Yasmin has not done anything for my acne either - I have at least two new whiteheads every morning I wake up, which also does not help with the depression! I will be switching back to Diane and exploring other options to address breakthrough bleeding at the end of this cycle.
Eighteen year old female, just started taking Strattera on Thanksgiving.  Slept through the entire day and night, had lucid dreams, woke up angry and crying.  I tried it a second day, Friday, and managed to stay awake (more due to the fact that I was reading a good book).  I refused to take it on Saturday because I was visiting family and I didn 't want to be moody or drowsy around people that I get to see maybe twice a year.  Took it again this morning, barely managed to finish a short story before falling asleep in the car, which I have NEVER done before.  Still feeling the effects of it right now, got yelled at for falling asleep, still moody, still have homework to do.  I 'll check back in a few days after school.  
The day after my first injection, I was so exhausted that I slept the entire day.  Two days after injection, I vomited all day.  I 'm currently on day 3 with extreme nausea and diarrhea.  I will not do this again!  This is horrible!
I suffer from PTSD and Panic Disorder.  I have given Zoloft a good 3 months. I started at 25mg and worked up to 150mg. Although it did seem like it took the edge off my suffering temporarily, my body seemed to be fighting the medication the whole time. At 50mg I suffered panic attacks that were much more severe than the ones I had prior to the medication. I found some tranquility at 100mg for a week,  then my PCP put me at 150mg to see if things improved. They did not improve. I experienced increased agitation, tremors, shaking like my body was in fear, yet I was not, sweating, then hot flashes. My blood pressure skyrocketed. My PCP referred me to a psychiatrist who put me back at 100mg.  Symptoms subsided, but after a week it became clear my body was rejecting the medication altogether. Yesterday I was on Zoloft, having hot flashes, sweating, severe panic attacks, racing heartbeat, and high blood pressure. Today, I am on 10mg of Lexapro and my blood pressure is fantastic. I have not had a panic attack all day. Sure, it 's only been a day and my body may react differently after taking it for awhile, but it has been a welcome change from the Zoloft. I wished I had asked for a change sooner, but I have never been on antidepressants before.
This medication worked for me for a while, however, my body became accustomed to it, and it stopped working. I also experienced the majority of side effects. Mainly weight loss, but also decreased cognition and spelling abilities. I discontinued this medication specifically because losing my ability to think and communicate was horrible. Before I started this medication, my migraines were never affected by food (caffeine, sugar, etc), however, since discontinuing the medication I can no longer drink coffee/soda and have sugary desserts and foods. I also feel like my speech and communication skills (verbal) have been affected. 
I started 145mcg dosage and have been on one a day for the last five days. I 'm now stopping this medication and will never take it again. It helped a little the first couple days, however, the lower abdominal pain is just too intense AND.. I HAVE A TERRIBLE TERRIBLE HEADACHE that I cannot get rid of , plus the sneezing started and I have awful cold/sinus symptoms.. I feel so incredibly sick.. stopping it and praying these side effects subside asap:(... there a more natural ways to help with my issues and this medicine is just no good..
My doctor perscriped it and I am alcoholic.  That is not a good combination; espesically since he knew I was alcoholic.
After 4 weeks of antibiotics and prednisone, I developed the dreaded YI.  Got the Monistate 3 to hopefully resolve the issue by Monday morning.  After inserting the cream, I feel like someone has taken a steak knife to my insides and dumped a bottle of hotdam inside to rinse it out. Sure I was going to pass out, I reached for my phone to find others with similar expierances.  This is more effective than the Sunday sermon. Repenting of my sins now, I 've taken pills and hope to pass out soon.
I had the paragard IUD in for five years, it is supposed to be effective up to ten years but I got pregnant in my fifth year of having it and subsequently had to have an abortion.  This was the single most horrific experience of my life.
I was on Yaz since I was 16 (now I 'm  25), I got switched to Gianvi 3 months ago. First month was okay, I didn 't notice much changes, but the last 2 months were horrible. My mood swings are horrible, I go from extra happy to sad in a second, I have no energy what so ever, I used to not be able to sit in one place for 10 minutes now I can 't drag myself from the couch, I 'm extra sleepy and tired, my appetite is off the chart. I feel like I haven 't eaten in days after eating a meal. I started having horrible migraines, it gets to the point that I feel like if I open my eyes my head will explode. I snap at every little thing, the things that never bugged me before, drive me up the wall now. 
Started taking this pill in December 2014, and been on it since. I am not happy with it at all. I used to have regular periods, but Camila made it very irregular. I hate not knowing if I will have a period or not . my mentality changed as well; usually I 'm a very happy girl, but the pill made me  into a raging mean lunatic. It gave me extreme mood swings, frequent migraines, problems with my vision, depression, hair loss, extreme bloating, no sex drive at all, vaginal dryness,  increased acne on my chin , numbness in my feet,  and lack of sleep. I am stopping this immediately. I do not reccomend this. This pill is evil.
I really wanted to give this medicine a chance but I can 't do it anymore after just a few hours. Within two hours I felt so tired, I laid down for a nap. My right arm went numb, then I woke up with my whole body numb. Got up to walk to the bathroom and felt light-headed. Now it is six hours later and I feel angry and agitated, like I hate my family. I feel like leaving everything behind. I was perfectly fine this morning. I ended up flushing the thing down the toilet! This thing has only made me feel like rubbish, and I would just rather NOT have sex than use anything like this again!
Severe head feeling hot. Felt like head was swelling. Severe swelling of the face. Extreme itching in hands and feet. Confusion. Only took one tablet.
Oh. My. Goodness. Am used to yeast infections because I get them fairly often, so got Monistat 7.  I&rsquo;ve used Monistat products before which worked well and never had any issue. I don&rsquo;t know what they have done but this is excruciating TORTURE! A mere ten minutes after my first application, my vagina began to burn. It seriously felt like somebody had sandpapered my poor vagina and then poured vinegar all over it, for good measure. How on earth this product formulation passed trials is beyond me - this is insane! Do not use it!! Had to rinse out my vagina as best as Iï¸ could, and had to take an allergy pill because it caused my entire vagina to swell up. Tomorrow, I&rsquo;m off to the pharmacists to ask for something else.
I have been put on this medication for pain.  After 6 mouth operations - I was left with terrible upper gum and palate pain.  I have only been on it for 5 days - it is not working.  The pain is severe and constant.  I am praying - as I take it longer - it will take the pain away.
This is a horrible antibiotic, please think twice before you fill this prescription. Very quickly after I took my first dose of Levoquin, my heart started racing. I was literally sweating all day, and could not sleep at all. Gave me horrible anxiety. The side effect lasted for a good 24 hours. When I told my doctor about it, he encouraged me to try it for one more day - and that maybe these side effects were due to a steroid I had taken a day before. I had my doubts but I took one more dose another day. Same exact side effects, more sweating, anxiety, heart palpitations. Couldn 't sleep AGAIN. When I tried to take a Xanax to allow myself to sleep the result was really bad and caused even more anxiety. Switched to Augmentin.
I started Depo-Provera in July of 2015. One month after I started spotting, then bleeding heavily. It 's now almost 3 months and I 'm still bleeding. I was very worried that it could 've caused some other problem until I read the reviews and realized that other women are experiencing the same problem. Please stay away from this drug
I was on 74mg of Latuda, gained 30lbs overnight and developed tardive dyskinesia.For me the side effects outweighed the therapeutic benefits.
I 've been on Skyla for 20 days now. This rating is for the side effects. Women need to know that these side effects CAN happen to anyone and they aren 't pretty!! I began with an exaggeration of hair loss...I just had my son 3 months ago and thought it was related to the post partum but then I began to notice weird pimples appearing! I googled the symptoms of these new weird pimples and guess what? They 're CYSTIC!!! Grrrrrrrrr!!! They are painful,  horrible, ugly planets that according to google, will leave permanent scars! I also began to have horrible headaches! I called doctor 's office today to get it removed! I hope it works for all you ladies! But just be aware of the nasty side effects! I rather use condoms than go bald and have scars!
Started out 110 days ago@ 1/2 50mg tab at night and morning.  I am up to 3 @ morning and 3 @ night.  Doc says stay on them until we meet in 10 days.  This is not working.  Tremors are continuing - some times to an extreme. We need to revisit this prescription. Try something else.
Took 2 dulcolax at 7.30 on Friday night and was fine woke up yesterday morning and had what felt like severe gas had a bm around 10.30am feeling fine continued with my day then around 4pm I was lying on my bed with severe cramps and had to run to make it to the bathroom I have the worse bout of the runs ever it was so bad it would not stop and the pain in my anus was horrendous. This is now Sunday and I 'm still feeling awful will never take this medication again
2nd time in 14 month my daughter has lice. Used rid. Day 2 small live lice appeared. Possibly hatched overnight. Called pediatrician and day 2 got a script for Sklice. With coupon &amp; insurance, paid $10. I was so hopeful this was the answer to our prayers. My daughter has very long hair &amp; takes hours to nit pick. I even use a magnifier lamp light to check her head which I highly recommend! Sklice is supposed to kill nits. My older daughter has a microscope &amp;did a little science experiment:out of about 15 nits, 6 were still alive. I have checked her hair daily for 7 days since using Sklice and vacuumed &amp; laundered everything (more than once) &amp; day 7 found a live louse on her head! Retreated with rid and cleaned again! Disappointed w/sklice.
I 'm currently using it for a herniated thoracic disc that is so bad, it radiates through my ribs and sends electrical current to my abs causing cramping. I 've had the patch on for 8 hours and feel no different at all. Had to use gauze tape because there is basically no adhesive on the patch itself. I think it 's nothing more than aspirin? Waste of $50.
My Doctor prescribed this for anxiety. 10mg. Although it seemed to help my physical affects of anxiety it made everything else much worse. Tired, anxious, head aches, brain zaps, ringing in ears, spacey, edgy, and not myself at all. I was turning into a walking zombie. It was awful. I couldn 't tell if it was my anxiety or the side effects. I thought I was going crazy for 6 months. I finally talked to a Therapist and he took me off of Zoloft and put me on Lexapro. Which was much better but still pretty awful. I finally found the courage to ween myself off over a period of two months and I feel GREAT! So thankful to be myself again. Please make sure you really need to be on these before you  take them. Do your research and good luck!
Dear All,I started using tretinoin 0.25 with a face cleanser and Heliocare 90spf sunblock, although I didnt have acne after the use it got started . like my face is ruined. full of cyst acnes . please advise
At first the side effects were horrible, nausea, diarrhea etc. It seemed to subside after a while. However, My doc decided to up my dose to 1.8 and during that night I had the worst stomach pain (woke me up out of a dead sleep). I decided to take the same dose the second day, and again the same stomach pain. I went back down to 1.2 the day after that I could not handle the pain I was having. I will say I have lost 49lbs sense I started a few months back, but I have to wonder why my thyroid is starting to ache all the time?
I have PCOS and have not had a period in months. I have been taking this BC since January of this year and I have not stopped bleeding which the doctor say is not a period.  The only break I have gotten from bleeding is taking the pill twice daily to stop it but when I go back to once daily It 's back to bleeding. I have done all test even a DNC. No help
My readings were very high when I switched off of Januvia to Trulicity. After 7 weeks my readings are still very high, plus no weight loss - actually gained a couple pounds! No real negative side-effects; just no positive results yet.  Going to ask my Endo to change me off of it.  Don 't like what I 've been reading about it lately.
My first month on Nexplanon was fine. Then, the period started. I had a constant flow for 7 months. I became exhausted from constantly bleeding. I also experienced very strong mood swings starting a few months in - I would go from feeling perfectly fine to wanting to cry at the slightest thing and I usually couldn 't shake off the negative feelings for the rest of the day. I just had this thing out after 8 months. The removal was painful and took more than half an hour, which isn 't that unusual according to my doctor. A fitting end to an awful experience with this device!I was on the pill for years before this, and never experienced the type of problems caused by the Nexplanon. I wouldn 't recommend it.
I 've used this product before, I always get yeast infections when I have to take antibiotics, but OH MY GOSH!!!! MY VAGINA IS ON FIRE I SWEAR, I cried for an hour and screamed into my pillow. I can 't sleep and I have an ice pack between my legs. My stomach hurts so bad!!! This is worst then the yeast infection it 's self. I really hope it works, I also hope this melatonin kicks in soon so I can just pass out. I should have just gone to the doctor because I 'm in so much pain.
So much acne all over my neck and chin area. It 's horrible, I feel bloated all the time. Going to stop this week, I am acne prone so this just ruined my skin that had been fine for a long time. I do not recommend this birth control for anyone.
made my face 1000x worse than it was. I got acne where I have never gotten acne before &amp; and my face was red itchy and swollen.
Do not take this stuff.I just started this a few weeks ago to treat my PCOS and it made me extremely hungry. I also became very irritable throughout my time taking it. It got to the point where the entire day I was snapping at people and it sucked. But the worst part is THE CRAMPS. two weeks into taking the pill consistently, I got my period..? and the cramps that have come along with it are a living hell. I 've taken a heapof  ibuprofen throughout today and have laid here with a heating pad for 3 hours....they will not go away. Please save urself from freaking pain
Been on Effexor for fourteen years. It makes Ocd worse and PTSD worse and my depression worse. I don 't care what these negative reviews say, I am switching from this crap drug to another antidepressant. I feel fourteen years of my life have been ruined and I was lied to by the medical profession, they never told me how terrible this drug was and how it makes paranoia and OCD and PTSD worse. Oh and I can 't eat oats or wheat or cheese or margarine or butter as it gives me drowsiness and unbeatable tiredness.Effexor should be banned, its ruined my life and I can 't wait to come off it and go on another drug.
I just completed my third month on Junel. At first, it made my skin experience the worst acne I have ever had in my life. I experienced tons of tiny breakouts all over my face, and cystic pimples, both things I have never seen on my face before. I decided to give it time, because many say your skin needs to get worse before it gets better; however, after three months it never did. When I would go on my placebo weeks, my skin would clear, and when I started the pill it would break out again. I would not recommend taking this medication for acne. In addition, I noticed terrible mood swings while on this medication. Many of my friends and family remarked that I was hostile at times. I felt deep depressions that I have never felt before.
Started on 25 mg which didn 't work. Taking 50 mg for 5 weeks no improvement. Need to find something else. Would not recommend.
Swelling, tingling feeling on my tongue and hives shortly after taking this product. I remember taking it for period pain in middle school and had little issues, now I must stay completely away from it.
I have been prescribed this medicine twice now and both times is hasn 't helped.
I had the Implanon inserted 07/23/09 so its been around 3 months. I have nothing good to say about it. I have terrible acne break outs, I have had constant bleeding the whole time. I 'm cramping nearly everyday, I have had nausea, hair loss, mood swings, weight gain, zero sex drive. I am getting out the 30th of September and going back to Yaz. 
The Mylan lidocaine patches are a waste of money!  They don 't stay on your skin for more 2-3 hours. The problems with patches is the patch is not breathable and the adhesive does not move with your body.
I haven 't really seen much in the way of adverse effects from actual users being reported online, though I have tried to find them.My experience as I have been taking it for about 3 months is that it has worsened my depression, made me extremely anti-social and withdrawn, and very easily agitated. I stopped it a few days ago and have experienced a slight improvement in those symptoms already. Please use caution when taking this as there is very little information out there about this drug, or how it is affecting actual patients. I will not be taking this drug again.
by end of day one (2 doses) I felt very tired. Day two I woke up weak, fatigued, achey but was advised to stay on Macrobid as the UTI symptoms had improved. As day wore on (3 doses) I became increasingly tired, no energy, headache, sensation of heart racing, nausea. Another call to provider and they suggested I switch to Cipro. Before I could do that,  an episode of nausea sent me to the bathroom. I passed out, hit my head and ended up hospitalized. I would be very afraid of this medication, considering the other options.
Newly diagnosed Diabetes Type 2 from a HbA1c.No symptoms. Good kidney function, etc. My Full Blood Glucose was 5.3/5.7 in the morning.Took half a 500mg Metformin XR with my meal.1 hour: tightness of throat/breathing, slight, but enough.Then a migraine aura like I 've never had in my life.Followed by the worst dehydration headache ever for 24 hours, despite drinking plenty.Extremely thirsty, and frequent urination, even at night.Diarrhea the following morning.Took another 250mg, half a tablet the following day with main meal.Next morning: pain round lower ribs, ache to liver &amp; kidneys.  Overlying muscles felt torn/pulled.Continued kidney/liver pain &amp; loss of kidney function by urine test.Increased blood sugar readings duration of medsLactic Acidosis
I started taking Prisiq three weeks ago. Everything was going fine... no side effects. I decided to sit outside to get a little color before going to Florida. I sat outside for a half hour and I got a blistering sunburn!! I had a mild spf on my face from my lotion. DO NOT SIT IN THE SUN OR BE IN DIRECT SUNLIGHT IF TAKING THIS MEDICATION. WEAR LONG SLEEVES, HAT, SUNGLASSES!! WEAR AT LEAST SPF 30!! I decided to go off the medication because I was leaving for Florida and enjoy the beach and swimming! Went off without a taper and was fine, just a few brain zaps!! 3 days later feeling great being off it but still dealing with a bad sunburn now in Florida! I wish I knew. PLEASE DONT GO IN THE SUN IF TAKING THIS MEDICATION!!
My comments will be in 2 parts. Part 1) I 've had fungus on my big toenails for the last 20+ years and have tried everything. In 2012, my primary doctor prescribed generic Lamisil (Terbinafine) which I took for about a month without issue. At refill time, the pharmacy changed to a different Terbinafine provider and told me not to be surprised by the difference in the appearance of the pills. After a week, I developed a rash on my upper body accompanied by fevers &amp; chills. My doctor ordered me to discontinue the Terbinafine pills and the symptoms ended. At the time it wasn 't clear if I had simply had an allergic reaction to a new ingredient in the 2nd batch of Terinafine pills. Regardless, I discontinued the pills and my fungus never cleared.
I got the Skyla inserted about a month ago and got it taken out today. I 've never had any kids so the insertion process was extremely painful. Since the insertion I 've had intense cramping and bleeding nonstop. Due to my wedding being in a month, I didn 't have time to stick with it long enough to see if the side effects would go away. All in all, it was a very uncomfortable process and I was beyond relieved when it was all over.
This medication is extremely expensive.....It makes you think why most insurance doesn 't cover it...Since I paid almost $200 my expectations are extremely high now...My dose starts today!
Not a fan after finding out the active ingredients are the same as the diabetic medication, liraglutide. After 1 week of injections, experienced extreme bloating.  Discontinued after 6 injections.
I took the plan B pill 10 hours after having unprotected sex and one day before I was suppose to ovulate. I was taking ovulation tests so I know I ovulated the day after taking the pill, it did not prevent me from ovulating and I am now pregnant.
Well I have to say I have be debating on trying this medicine. Then I gathered up enough nerve to try it and, 1st night I took did not sleep very well and the following day I just felt so out of it, It was caused for concern at my job. I can honestly say, in my case the side effects are far more worse than my anxiety.
I have a yeast infection from my antibiotics. My Dr. Was supposed call in something for it last night. Well didn 't get called in and it 's Sunday so out of desperation I got monistat 3. I was barely able to function after 30 minutes. An hour after using it I am on fire it hurts to move to stand to sit and burns to pee. I went and got a douche. The vinegar stung so I used super cold water. I am now bleeding a little bit and swollen. Very sick to my stomach and my entire body is itchy. However after getting the cream out my itchy yeast infection there but managable. I bought some probiotic yogart drink and AZO yeast infection and summers eve sensitive wash. Please do NOT use this stuff
Severe leg pain , cramping in legs and feet, bruising.  Not a good med for me.
I had stopped taking birth control all together for about a month and lost a ton of weight and my breasts got smaller and then  my doctor put me on Apri. Easily one of the worst things to happen to me. I 've never had such bad acne in my life and it seems like it never stops. I 've also gained at least 10 pounds in addition to my normal weight and that 's being modest. I feel bloated ALL THE TIME and I can 't tell if I look fat because I 'm bloated or because it 's the weight being distributed right into my stomach. I 'm switching back to my old birth control. Apri sucks.
Wide awake all night . Fail
My gyno initially wrote a prescription refill for Ortho Tri-Cyclen (which I had been taking for years), but when I went to have the prescription refilled, the pharmacy did not have Ortho in stock. Therefore, they suggested the TriSprintec. Just days after starting the pack I experienced the WORST breakouts I have had as an adult, along with nausea, heart palpitations, and migraines. This is simply my experience with this pill - I know every female 's body is different. 
Causes erectile dysfunction, and raises blood sugar x 2 times..
I have a big ovarian cyst on my right ovary so my doctor told me to try Pontsel but I 've been using it and nothing has changed for me.
I have had nexplanon for about 4 months now. When I first got it I had just barely stopped bleeding from having the baby. When I got it I heavily bled for about 2 weeks. I 'll go 3 weeks without bleeding then heavily bleed for about 12 days. Mood swings are terrible. Depression. And anxiety are the worst they have ever been. Headaches and stomach cramps. Tiredness and weight gain. Do not recommend this at all. Horrible experience.
I got the Skyla IUD a year ago trying to resolve my libido issues that was stemming from my oral birth control pills that I had been taking for the past 4 years. The initial insertion was very painful. I spotted for a week or so and then nothing until 2 months in. I started spotting and cramping horribly for the next 2 months pretty much every day, but my doctor said everything was fine. It got better for awhile but then around 7-8 months in I started having constant pain during intercourse, and went back for a second ultrasound. Turns out the IUD had shifted and had an arm pushing into the wall of my uterus so I had it removed. I would have rated this a 1 but to be fair I felt much less bloated and didn 't gain any weight with it.
Had 2 pills of 20 mg (max dose recommended is just 20mg) after the food but now it 's been 2 days I can 't even walk because my back is paining and legs are killing me feel like veins are clogged.Can 't even sit can 't even stand.I 'm so irritated guys.  I 'm taking panadol.Just need to know how long stays in your body......
Please move on to another birth control. I have been on this for 2 weeks and I started my period. It has been this worst experience of my life. I 'm going thro a box of super plus tampons a day (I 'm not a heavy bleeder) I am questioning my sanity. I honestly feel like crawling in a hole and dying. The first 3 days of this period I did not get out of bed. Then I had to work, and I 'm in so much pain. My boyfriend thinks I 'm crazy. Just don 't even try this pill. I promise, it 's not worth it.
I went on this pill to regulate my period and reduce the days of my cycle.  Before I was averaging about 5 days on my period but it was never regular.  I 'm finishing my 2nd month on this pill and so far my 2 periods lasted between 8-10 days.  It is much lighter (like spotting) but lasts forever.  My last period came a week early too.This pill has not caused any weight gain or emotional mood swings and it did keep my skin clear and I 'm not pregnant, but those are the only positive things about this pill.  I will be calling my Dr. for another recommendation.
I hate this medicine I think I ruined me I lost a year of my life on this pill I didn 't do anything for my migraines at all, I slept for up to 16 hours a day on it and it made me stupid. I became a d average student my jr year of high school if I accidentally missed a days dose I would have to skip school because I would be puking all day because of it. I absolutely hate the medicine if you can 't tell.
I took this medication for about a week before I stopped it. It was completely useless. Did not help put me to sleep at all. I took it at around 9pm and didn 't go to sleep until around 5am. I have always had sleep issues but I do not recommend this medication to no one.
One thing for sure. It definitely prevents pregnancy because you can 't have sex due to the fact you 're constantly bleeding. I got my  second shot on July 10th and I have been bleeding ever since with occasional clots and it 's almost the end of August. It 's very frustrating and annoying. I definitely will not be getting the third shot! And the medical facilities that provide the shot have no clue. #neveragain
This gum does as it says, helps stop the cravings. I just traded one addiction for another, and am highly addicted to the gum. I would seek help from other places, as this is even more expensive than smoking! I notice that when I chew a lot of it, my heart races and get light headed upon standing. This medication can 't be good long term, so please be careful.
I started it yesterday and so far I puked. Then today I took it and felt sick and about to puke again.
I took Uloric for four months. It worked great for gout; however. I have experienced a rapid onset hypertension and increased heart rate (+ 35%). I had no such problems prior to Uloric. I 'd rather have gout. Caveat Emptor.
Cannot sleep on Remeron
I was able to avoid most of the gastrointestinal side effects by taking my pill about an hour or two after eating. After week 1, my psoriasis seemed to get more ashy than red. The patches became very itchy, but I felt that the medication might be working. That was the furthest extent of any clearing for me. By week 2, I was feeling depressed with anxiety that I couldn 't seem to shake. Around week 3, my anxiety was getting so overwhelming that I called my doctor to tell him that I couldn 't take the medication anymore. If you still want try Otezla and your insurance doesn 't cover it, you should be able to work through your doctor to potentially get 2-week supplies directly from the manufacturer while your doctor is submitting an appeal.
crapped my pants on linzess smallest dose.  Doctors don 't warn patients about fecal incontinence which is too bad.  Don 't say you weren 't warned!  Wear depends underwear if you take this drug.
I had 3 surgeries within 3 months as a teen. This drug is what the pre-op physician gave me 1-2 minutes prior to wheeling me back into surgery.  It is supposed to calm nerves but it had the opposite effect for me.  I was very nervous about the surgery so I was given syringe of it in my hand 1-2 minutes prior to them wheeling me back.  It caused instant anxiety and impending feelings of doom. I was hyperventilating/blubbering/crying/freaking out as they put me to sleep. My surgeon was in tears and was petting my head to calm me. I ask for no IV pre-sedatives now.
I 'm a 25 year old woman and I was prescribed cipro for a UTI. I got 250mg twice daily for three days. I got this yesterday and today I 've taken three pills in total. I have a horrid fear of vomiting, I become suicidal when I think I 'm going to be sick. So I 'm very particular and paranoid about my antibiotics. I usually respond well to antibiotics but not this! I didn 't vomit, thank goodness but three pills in and I 'm lightheaded, light sensitive, bloated like no other, abdominal pain and kinda nauseous, itchy and muscle pain. Not to mention my anxiety is sky high! I 'm writing this before my current panic attack makes me unable to write.  Hope these side effects leave and don 't stay! Very paranoid!
Can not stand this b.c. I 've had for over a year now, and at first I had no bleeding, no weight gain, now I 'm gaining weight like crazy, and have been on period for around 2 months, and unlike most people it 's a full blown period, with cramps! It seems that everytime I actually can have sex, we do it once and the bleeding starts again. Can 't wait to get it taken out!
Does not work fast enough one hour layer still in pain!!!!?
Itching, runny nose, but worse of all, weight gain, I might add I exercise 3-4 times per week, Low Impact High Intensity, I am a Pescatarian, I eat a healthy, well balanced meal and don 't eat dairy and few carbs, how can one medicine cause nearly 21 lbs in weight gain so quickly, every effort to lose weight, nothing worked, I even did the 5:2 diet for three months and lost, not one inch!!!! Unbelievable! So I changed to Ramipril, apparently all ARB 's cause weight gain, except  'Micardis ' which can actually reduce weight, but! has been found to increase the risk of Lung cancer (Moderately) which is quite concerning, such a shame as I would have swapped onto that.
After surgery, I was given Dilaudid IV. I had never taken this pain medication before and it was the worst experience in the recovery room. It did not stop my pain and I had several severe side effects from it. I was in recovery for 7 hours until we demanded a different pain medication to manage my pain. I 'm glad for everyone this medication does help, but for those out there like me, whom it does not work on, take my advise; If you start to have side effects and the pain is not going away, you need to switch to another pain alternative that works with your system. What should have been a 2 hour recovery lasted way too long. 
Feel very uncomfortable, shaking, feels like pulses/shocks through my body, doesn 't help what my #worthlessDoctor said it would.
Horrible!!!!! I got my implanon taken out and decided to switch to the pill. Biggest mistake ever! I feel extremely tired all the time. I haven 't had problem with acne in years and now all of a sudden my face has been breaking out! I 'm extremely moody. I don 't like the way it makes me feel at all. I 've only been on it for about 2 weeks and will be stopping it asap!!
After a year of cortisone shots doc recommended the euflexxa shots 3 over 3 wks it been 4 weeks since the shots and I 'm still waiting for some relief. My doc told me it could take 2 to 3 weeks to see the difference. Now I been reading some people said they felt better after 6 wks so will wait and seeI have a small tear in my mcl I might have to have fix maybe to feel the difference.I would appreciate any feedback.
I got this shot during a doctor visit.  Unsure if dose was the .75 mg but the 3 samples he gave me were of the 1.5 mg dose.  Side effects began following day: nausea, diarrhea, abdominal pain, decreased appetite, indigestion and severe acid reflux. I also had body aches and fatigue. I dare say I felt depressed. I had just gotten over the stomach flu 3 weeks before and it felt like I had come down with it again! Trulicity did lower my glucose levels as did my weight (3 lbs. that week) Of course it did! I could not eat and what ever little food I ate, it came out in minutes!  I DID NOT and WILL NOT inject myself with this again  I 'm sorry I agreed on the shot.  One of the worst weeks of my life!
I used them and within 6 hours my eyes swelled almost shut, and cheeks puffed up. 2 weeks later I still have red watery eyes, but thankfully the swelling is finally gone. I will never use this product again (obviously), but it is also incredibly expensive. I have never had an allergic reaction to any medication before so this was very unexpected.
Have had major life changes the last two years and been depressed and weepy most days. Doctor prescribed Cymbalta 30 mg. On day 3. My head feels foggy and am tired all the time. I keep waking up at night but fall back to sleep.  
There is a recall in this pill do not take it. This pill personally gave me heavy bleeding and severe headache
Gildess is my first ever birth control pills.  Pro: didn 't get pregnantCons:1. I 've been getting my period every 1.5-2 weeks! And when I 'm not on my period I get bad yeast infections, regardless of me taking probiotics to prevent that from happening.  I have no sex life because of that (how ironic). I 've been very emotional to the point of not recognizing my own behavior.  My skin became very sensitive, I 'm always getting rashes and irritations.It 's been 2 months, I 'm waiting one more miserable month and then will try to switch.
Was on this for about 6 weeks, did absolutely nothing for my depression (possibly even made it worse). The nausea was horrific, I had to start taking Ondansetron (a drug that chemotherapy patients take!) just to get through the day/night without throwing up. Tried taking it at different times and nothing worked.I had high hopes for Vortioxetine due to the research I had done on clinical trials etc. so I 'm sure it does wonders for some people however did nothing for me unfortunately.Also important to note; it is quite pricey, and for those in Australia; it 's not on the PBS so make sure you buy it at chemist warehouse (it 's at its cheapest here for about $70AUD per box)
This was my third birth control pill type. Everything went good up until my period came-did not stop bleeding for over a month straight. DR had to switch me to a different medication &amp; give me pills for uterine bleeding. Wasn 't a pleasant experience. Also was very sluggish, depressed, &amp; had very bad anxiety with this pill. Would not recommend this to anyone.
I had the Implanon first. It was awesome!! When it expired, the Nexplanon was to take it 's place. My OB said that there were no changes to the hormones; I disagree.  The first year was alright, but at the year and a half mark, I noticed some changes. This stupid Nexplanon has caused me to gain weight, have ridiculous cravings, feel bloated ALL the time, my skin feels gross, random break outs, my hair looks like wire. But those aren 't even the worst symptoms - the worst is my mood. I fucking hate everyone! Ha!  I mean, I will wake up in the most hateful, negative mood for absolutely no reason while being fully mentally aware that this isn 't normal but completely unable to control it. It 's like I 've been PMS-ing for a year and a half.
Started taking this a week ago because of terrible congestion in my head and chest along with RX Tessalon Perles. I 'd taken something years before with the same ingredients as Mucinex that helped immensely and thought that the money was worth it. I 've been on it a week, every twelve hours, and haven 't been able to sleep more than five hours a night (about 4am after taking it at midnight until 9 am.) I still have terrible congestion with heavy thick mucus. Just finally realized about thirty minutes ago that the Mucinex is the only change. I can 't rest AND with the added jitters and insomnia I feel worse than before. I wish I hadn 't taken it to begin with.
Now if you 're going to start a birth control please and I mean please do your research because not every birth control is accurate or even worth it. I usually get a 7 day menstrual. I literally have my period for almost a month and to top it off my doctor tells me oh hey you 're pregnant! how is possible? so now my significant other and I are confused as to how we are pregnant if we didn 't even have intercourse around the time of it because for one I 'm on the patch and I 'm bleeding still. Someone help me understand and I beg you ladies research your contraceptions
I was given this medication IV before a radiofrequency nerve ablation.  I had absolutely no response and had to tolerate the procedure with no assistance.  It was extremely painful and nerve-wracking.  They gave me the medication and started the procedure without ever checking to see if I was comfortable.
I tried this about 5 times. The first few times were ok. Then it all went downhill. I went from chronic constipation to straight up liquid stool. This happened 2-3 hours after taking the pill. Never again!
I had a Botox treatment to my bladder for OAB on December 21, 2016. My urologist did not counsel me on the side effects or send me home after the treatment with an antibiotic as directed in the Botox pamphlet. Since that time, I have had two UTI 's and still cannot empty my bladder. It is March 7 and I still have to self-cath every four hours. Like someone else wrote, I 'm afraid my bladder will never be the same again and right now it feels like I 'll be self-cathing for months. I wish I had never heard of Botox for my bladder!
I have been getting viral hives over the last 6 months. I went and saw an allergist (who diagnosed me) and he recommends this instead of Benadryl. For me it hasn 't helped. I guess I 'm not as lucky as the others here.
Prescribed for sleep, however, I 'm also prescribed heavy duty pain meds. I take dilaudid 8 mg, 8 mg of this at night but have also tried only 4 mg with same HORRIFIC side effects. Severe spasms of my lower body which caused my legs to give out and I couldn 't walk at all. When I tried my body would jerk in a way that would force me to fall to the ground. It was quite terrifying. Also caused severe headache,vision loss, ringing in ears. Horrible experience.
Eliminated hallucinations, but neither eliminated nor reduced delusions.  Extreme anger, increasing as dosage increased, until becoming extremely violent.  When Abilify was removed relative calm.
My mom is in her 80 's and was given this drug a year ago.  Shortly after, she developed red (painful) nodules on one arm and then the other that would NOT go away until she was finally put on prednisone.  She also has suffered from unexplained sore throat, difficultly breathing, along with no appetite.    No doctor can 't explain what the nodules are, not even with many, many, biopsies, blood test,  cat scans ,etc.   She has a feeling of overall sickness that she cannot describe, has been hospitalized multiple times over the last year due to the symptoms. Again, all doctors say it 's NOT the hydroxyurea that she has to be given when her hematocrit numbers climb too high.  Here we are a year later with no answers and my Mom is still sick.
I 'm a very active 63 yr old with a 4x bypass. After a year of not recommending any cholesterol treatment I finally brought it up myself with my doctor, when she recommended Repatha because of my statin intolerance. After my first injection I started to experience muscle pain in my lats and pecs. It felt like a severe muscle cramp that spread to my arms, although my muscles were not constricting as they would with a muscle cramp. I conferred with my doctor and she said I should not be feeling any side effects because it takes 3 months to reach a therapeutic level so I took the shot the second month and I 'm sorry that I did and will not be taking it again because the pain has spread to other areas.
I am 20 years old, 5 ' 4&quot;. Got it placed August 2016, and removed January 2017. Had it for exactly 6 months. This devil stick gave me the most physically and mentally challenging 6 months of my life. Pros: -unlike most reviewers here, I only got my period twice during the 6 mths I had it in. They were extremely light (the brown stuff rather than real blood) and lasted 1.5 weeks.  CONS: most severe to least severe side effects:-WEIGHT GAIN. I weighed 142 lbs at the appointment during which I got the stick inserted. At the removal, I weighed 160 lbs. did not change my diet or exercise habits-MOOD! Anxiety, depression, anger-insomnia-lethargy, ZERO energy-CYSTIC ACNE-hair loss
The only side affect I received from this BC is hypoglycemia. This started happening a couple of weeks after taking it. At first it would happen after I went running, but then it started happening randomly/ without working out. And it was a SUDDENLY drop so there wasn 't a way to prevent it. Once I thought about what changed and narrowed it down to when I started my BCs, I stopped taking them immediately (1 yr later). After ~4 days I went running and didn 't experience hypoglycemia at all. From that point on I was hypoglycemic free. I don 't think anyone knows about this side affect which is unfortunate. Just some background: I was 34, am a black female, and wasn 't on any other medication.
Horrific experience. Was only on it for 1 week (40mg). Muddled thoughts, numb tongue, restlessness, severe insomnia, nausea.
I had Supartz injections several years ago with good results.  When I moved, the new Dr said Euflexxa had fewer side effects.  This was certainly not the case for me.  I was in constant pain and almost a cripple for 6 months. I couldn 't walk up stairs, or do most of my normal activities.  I spent most days on the couch with bags of ice on both knees. Cortizone was useless. There appears to be no treatment for this side effect.  I am an active person, of normal weight.  Both knees are still swollen, but the pain is better than it was. I read that it could be another 6 months before I feel better.  I wouldn 't recommend this medication to anyone.  It 's not worth the risk of losing 6 months of your life that you 'll never get back.
I started the medicines and it worked okay. Then they started to up my dosage and I felt sluggish. Once I got to the amount I was supposed to be at, I was paranoid, distant and irritable. My period is 10 times worse. The cramps are unbearable. My face broke out and I look like the before picture of a proactive commercial. I have to pee frequently. I 'm getting off these medicine as soon as possible. I 've been taking them for 5 months now.
I have severe anxiety depression. I 've tried all the meds out, as my doctor would say.  Cymblatla was suggested. And me needing to feel normal tried it. Worst experience of my life.  Was on 40mg. Felt like I was having an out of body experience, like someone was pulling me, everywhere. Dr told to stick with it, and lower dose (I actually did, did not recommend talk to Dr first). Nothing changed. I was talking without thinking, having more and more panic attacks and higher anxiety. Absolutely zero libido, and I gained weight. I felt &quot;happy&quot;, but a weird happy.So, finally I TELL my doctor for the third time in 9 months, I want off this medication. Withdrawl symptoms no joke. It 's been a month and I still have w.d effects
I have been taking Nucynta for about three months and take only 2 x 50 mg tablets per day.  At first it worked very well with no side effects, except I felt euphoric and a bit sleepy. Therefore, I only took Nucynta at night.  But now in the mornings I notice that I wake up very depressed and unable to handle the day.  I do find that 1 plus hours of morning exercise helps me get over these feelings.  I believe I need to ween myself off of this medicine.
I laughed out loud reading Zentragal 's comment. Made me laugh so hard. But only because last month I went through the same god awful itching burning pain that this &quot;medicine&quot; made a million times worse. This was the first and only YI I 've ever had and my gyno said it was a severe one (guess why?? ANTIBIOTICS.) The first night I did the cream up I too though I might be allergic because I wanted to rip it off of my body, but my doc said to stick with the 7 days, so the next night I took some pain relief before I creamed up and OMG never again. I thought I was going to be sterile for the rest of my life everything felt like Dante 's Inferno down there and I thought I 'd never have sex ever again might as well be a nun
I 've been taking Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo, but I was told that Ortho Tri Cyclen would be free through my insurance if I switched. So I did. I never had a problem on OTCL, and my doctor said that OTC would be pretty much the same and wouldn 't even be able to tell the difference. WRONG!!! This pill is absolutely awful. I 'm always pissed at everyone. I lose my cool over the smallest things. I 'm crying about everything and I 'm never happy. My boobs feel like they 've gained 20 pounds and are always hurting. My sleep patterns are so crazy and I 'm always tired. My boyfriend thinks this pill has made me into bridezilla. I only have 3 days left. Thank goodness. Not pregnant, but not worth all this grief. I 'd much rather pay $30 a month to be happy.
I am on my third day of using this and I am up at 5 am from being awoken by the constant itching and burning this is giving me !!! The sensation is completely unbearable and I feel as though my vagina is on fire !!!! I don 't know if I had an allergic reaction to this but this is bad !!!
blurred vision and extreme tiredness.  slept entire day and night, fuzzy the second day.  Only took one dose.  will not take again
I was diagnosed with endometriosis during an appendectomy, but due to cluster headaches hormones were contraindicated. Eventually Lupron was advised. My mom, who NEVER had any menstrual cramps, told me horror stories and I reacted as usual and agreed to the Lupron injections, and I have lived to regret it. Like so many others, I had severe menopausal symptoms,  mood swings that made my fiance think I was bipolar, and attempted suicide twice in a 3 month period, which is very unlike me. It caused weight gain, which I 'd never had, and threw me into early menopause at the age of 46, 8 years after treatment. Now I 'm suffering from acute hypertension and I 'm at risk for a stroke, which can 't be attributed to anything else. But hey, no cramps!
Well my dermatologist gave me this for inflammation on my face. NO EFFECT whatsoever! I don 't have acne I have huge red spots slowly growing on my face &amp; even make it swollen. I tried everything. An now this too. I think for 1st 2 days of use my skin got less red on top of my condition &amp; thats about it. So far I 'm on my 4th free sample tube just put it on all over my face twice a day as she told me &amp; no changes, no improvements. Also no negative effects so far too - no irritation, dry skin etc. And I was stupid enough to buy 1 more tube in hope that it will surely work for the money I paid lol.
I went on birth control due to irregular heavy bleeding and excruciating cramps.  I have no prior allergies, not even poison ivy.The good:  My cramps are now minimal if they happen at all.  The heavy bleeding is no longer an issue and my periods are regular.  I have no issues with the patch falling off.  I shower daily as well as exercise and this seems to have no effect on the adhesion.The bad:  After 12 hours of wear or less, the patch becomes very itchy.  I try to resist the urge to scratch, but it gets to the point where it feels like my skin is on fire.The ugly:  The patch leaves a red rash where it was applied to the skin.  Sometimes it will create a weeping wound with blisters.Go with something else!
After 6 weeks of taking Terbinafine I 've developed a foul taste in my mouth which I can 't get rid of. Everything tastes horrible, I 've lost weight and am feeling depressed. It 's been 11 days since I stopped taking the pills. I 've read it should go away after 2-5 weeks, but in rare cases it is permanent. I 'm so hoping taste returns to normal soon, I 'm going on holiday in a week and it will be ruined if this continues - as will my life be if it 's permanent! My toenail wasn 't even that bad, I wish I 'd never taken this.
I started my shot October 2016 and started bleeding December 2016. Up until now (April 2017) I 've been bleeding. Today was my 3rd shot and I hope I stop bleeding. If you can 't deal with bleeding forever don 't get this. Not worth I wish I didn 't listen to my friend I am sick of bleeding
The side effects from this medication after 2 days was horrific. I had to stop taking it. Stomach pain,  excessive urination &amp; intestinal pain from worse than normal constipation. Wow.
Started this 11 weeks ago. I am so so sad right now. I have been having horrible hair loss the past couple weeks and couldn 't figure out why. Just figured out it is the Tazorac! Read up on the side effect of hair loss. It 's really bad. My hair was so healthy and nice. I literally have almost bald areas with sparse hairs over my ears and my front hairline. It feels thin everywhere but I can 't see it. Stay away from Tazorac.
I have moderate Rosacea but enough where my entire face is pink/red. I started using this two months ago day and night and the redness has gone down minimally, but I 've started to break out in deep red pimples on my cheeks. I stopped yesterday and the pimples seem to be clearing up a bit. Definitely wasn 't worth it because I now have acne marks all over my face.
Had implanon in for 4-5 months, my first hormone contraceptive. Bled consistently, became bloated overall, veins thicker, more visible, put on clotting medication for 1 month to help bleeding, ended up with a haemorrhoid the size of a golf ball. Worst part was the psychiatric illness that evolved/worsened from time of insertion. Developed/diagnosed severe OCD, severe physical generalised anxiety disorder and major depressive disorder. Had it taken out and was on nothing for 3 weeks to &quot;clean&quot; my system. Not long enough. Mental issues did not go away. 2 antidepressants that didn 't work, valium, antipsychotics, hypnotherapy, psychology, psychiatry, recent trip to the hospital for suicide prevention and I am still suffering now 5 months later
I have been on this pill for over 8 years and loved it up until now!  Now that Actavis has taken over manufacturing I am disgusted.  I gained weight with no change in eating/ workouts, and am back to having the extreme cramping and regular periods I had prior to being on the pill.  I have even started cramping and bleeding midway through with no missed pills.  With Watson I had mild cramps and hardly ever bled.  This is my 3 rd cycle on this pill.  I will stick it out until my next Gyn appt in Sept.  If things have not improved by then I will be shopping for a new pill.  So disappointed.  (And yes, my chest has gotten much bigger but it is not worth it.)
Took 2 tablets 2.30pm, bowel motion and diarrhea 6 hours later with painful stomach cramps and nausea, continued on and off for a few hours. At 6.30pm the following day still experiencing stomach pains and back pains. Not a gentle drug. Will use herbal next time. Would not give to children.
I used this as I have had suffered with intense blushing and redness for over 4 years I am 23. Like most the first day was amazing my face was a normal colour ( seemed to good to be true ) over the next few days the rebound flushing was worse than I have ever experienced my face was boiling hot and dark red I had to attend meetings at work it was very hard . Not used it now for 3 days and still suffering from the intense flushing . Please for your sake DO NOT USE IT WILL MAKE IT WORSE
I was on the nuvaring for 2 years. I loved it. However, I started getting low back pain on a Saturday and thought nothing of it. Monday I had a doctor appointment, the dull pain was still there but I thought maybe it was because I was going to take the ring out in a few days to start my cycle. However, that night my leg started swelling. By the next morning the pain was so unreal I almost vomited. I went to the ER where they discovered I had a rapid growing blood clot in my femoral vein (area between groin and upper  leg) that was 6 inches long. I was put on Xarelto for 3 months and on bed rest for a week as they were so concerned it would break off and go into my lungs or heart. It took me 6 months to fully recover from the clot.
I 've been on nucynta 150mg for months, I feel no relief of my pain, which is sever in my back. This drugs doesn 't even make me sleepy, it 's as if I 'm taking nothing! I feel it is worthless as a form of pain management!
Although it helps take the edge off my stop smoking attempts, I have not been successful in quitting. The odd and good side effect I have experienced is no urge to drink. I was a heavy beer drinker but now find the taste of beer unpleasant. I feel like a beer at times but after having one I find the taste bad and feel like eating. I have quit drinking.
on Invokana for 18 months then had a fall, pain killers gave me SEVERE constipation, I could not stop pain killers as it had been a severe fall so in an attempt to relieve the constipation I stopped taking Invokana, no effect on the constipation but within 2 days my mood lifted enormously so much so that I will no longer take this medication EVER again
Gave me restless, crawly legs on 50mg. It was very sedating 12 wks ago. Broke it in half and that worked for 4 weeks, then no sedation at all and BAD night sweats. Made me very foggy the following day, and palpitations half the time. Hangover headaches too.
It was bad for me. I was put on it for polycystic ovarian syndrome to try to help with weight, facial hair, acne, and ovulation. My periods were messed up, I gained 10 pounds in 7 days and it made the acne worse.
DO NOT TRY IT. I know some of you have had good experiences and some have had bad ones. There as been more bad ones then there are good I know that much.  I took this medicine for my dry cough that I was having, I felt fine for a little while, went to sleep. And then about an hour after going to sleep I woke up in a full blown panic attack. I felt like I was going to black out, I kept having hot flashes, and severe stomach pain. The feeling of throwing up was pretty bad too, but it never happened.  I was shaking and almost went to the hospital.
I have small cell lung cancer.  My doctor prescribed fast release morphine yesterday, 30 mg and after 2 1/2 tablets I have stopped. I was on Norco 10 mg which took my pain to a completely tolerable level.The Morphine has left me terribly nauseated and barely able to eat, I itch horribly and it has sapped my energy terribly. Also it does not really reduce my pain. I took only 1/2 tab today and I 've had enough.
Worst stomach pain I have ever felt! Also very nauseous! Stomach pain is not relieved with using the restroom. I have a stomach disorder so I know stomach pain very well. Would never use again.
Ive had this thing in me for a year and seven months. All it has done is make my depression and anxiety worse and cause really bad mood swings. I didn 't have a period until recently and im having severe cramps. Thqbkfully I go to gwt it taken out soon. Im just gonna switch to the pill. I wouldnt recommend this to anyone.
I was on this birth control for less than 2 months.  My experience hasn 't been good at all using this product.  The application sites (shoulders and upper arms) where I placed the patch had very dark and red spots as if I had 2nd degree burns after I took the patch off.  I also experienced extreme itchiness at those sites while the patch was on and even after it was taken off.  I also experienced spot periods while on the patch.  Cramping for me was intense while on the patch.  I also seemed to have a dry cough while on the product.  I couldn 't sleep while on the patch due to really bad headaches.  This product was a nightmare.  I 'm going to have to consider other birth control methods.
Have been taking this for a little over two months. Have gained 8 lbs and have excessive sweating and jaw clenching/teeth grinding. I am on 20 mg and my doctor has just lowered it to 10 to help with side effects. If it doesn 't resolve side effects I will discuss discontinuing this. But I 'm not depressed just hypo manic a lot.
I tried Nuvigil and Provigil years ago for obstructive sleep apnea because the CPAP machine didn 't work.  The trails of both medicines increased my anxiety and depression, and made me have suicidal ideations. Guess it doesn 't work for everybody.
No nothing good, just constant fatigue and weight gain. It makes me sleepy as hell and makes me even more of a zombie.
Patch don 't stay on
Took just one 156mg a month ago (33 days).I was given this by force to control my irritability. I was misdiagnosed as my irritation is caused by a physical condition that I kept mentioning to the Drs who did not listen, and said I had mood swings.Unable to get sore from workouts. Have lost muscle tone. Loss of strength and stamina. Constant sore throat and thirst. 0 sexual interest and completely impotent. Heavy increase in urination. Have occasional feeling of tight band around head after slight arousal. Rarely some left ab pain.Blood ast &amp; alt lvls increased by 30 pointsI have noticed my 15 inch arms shrink to 13 inches in just a month. I cannot exercise or pick up weights all. I am not getting even slightly sore from intense work.
I received a one week sample supply from my doctor, worked fine, I purchased this overpriced drug only to find out that after the first week it worked too well.  Terrible drug,  at this point I cannot even take one pill without loosing all control of my bowels.   Do NOT recommend.   Hard to believe this was approved by the FDA
I took Necon 1/50 for three months. On the second day an hour after taking the pill I became very nauseous and would throw up every morning for the next 3-4 days, each day a little less nauseous, till by a week and a half the nausea was tolerable but would continue until the pack was done. then i would take my week of placebo. Upon starting the next pack the cycle of nausea would begin again. By the third month I still felt just as sick taking it as i did the first month. With the nausea and vomiting coupled with my panic disorder I ended up losing 15lbs and my body still suffers from it. After Necon i went straight to an IUD which unfortunately hasn 't worked for me either.
My insurance company, Aetna, switched from the Novalog Flex Pen to the Humalog KwikPen and I 've had nothing but problems ever since.  The Novalog Pen worked very well and I never had any issues with it.  Since switching to the Humalog Pen, I 've had constant problems getting it to work properly. The part that gets pushed down often gets stuck and it becomes impossible to administer the insulin that I need to manage my Type 2 Diabetes.  I don 't understand why the insurance companies have to change from a perfectly good product to one that is substandard.  I 'm contacting Aetna to see if there is any way to switch back to the Novalog FlexPen.
As an A-Detachment medic i was forced to use this drug for over two years straight.  I was also in charge of malaria chemoprophylaxis for my team.  During the loading dose my guys started complaining of weird dreams and depression.  Returning from South America at least 3 out of 11 of the team guys divorced their wives.  By the time I raised the BS flag and started a new preventive treatment another 3 were on their way to divorce or had separated from spouse due to depression and other issues like anger and other issues directly associated with Lariam.  I wrote an extensive report and pass it along to 7th Group Surgeon but did not even get a courtesy reply.  Today I walk around with multiple issues depression, other mental and physical.....
This drug need to be taken out of the market!!! Why ? 1. Kills all your good bacteria. Doctor 's  don 't inform you this and try to give you a diet where you gain back your good bacteria. 2. Yellow tongue - kills all good bacteria. 3. Like other user stated. You feel like something stock in your throat. ASK YOUR DOCTOR HOW TO HELP YOUR BODY GET YOUR GOOD BACTERIA.
Absolutely awful experience! I got it in May 2015 and my body has revolted against me since I got the implant. I was a breastfeeding mother until I got nexplanon. While it didn 't affect my supply (I exclusively pumped to ensure baby was getting more than enough) my baby didn 't gain ANY weight for 3 months until we finally had to supplement with formula. Aside from that, I get awful headaches, NO sex drive, moody all the time, no energy, I 'm thinking I 'm headed towards depression, I 'm waiting on my insurance to get approval to get this thing out! Also my arm is numb around the rod and radiates pain down my arm and side!
I was on Loestrin for about 3 months after a year on generic OrthoCyclen. Initially it was a great switch because the last one made me extremely moody, but the new one had no emotional effects. The first two months we annoying because I was having breakthrough bleeding. By the 3rd month I finally had a normal cycle, but after finishing the 3rd pack I noticed a LOT of my hair was falling out! Apparently Loestrin is a high androgen pill that can cause hair loss, and with a history of hair loss in my family I should never have been on it in the first place. Please talk to you doctor about this side effect before starting; I 've lost over 20% of my hair in the last week and it may last another year.
Seriously how dare they sell this as something thats supposed almost STOP your period. I understand they warn you it can be random but no, that is not what this is. I 'm on my second year with this and have even had one check up to complain about my almost CONSTANT period. I was told to try ibuprofen and even given a script for Birthcontrol Pills (but really if I 'm in Birth control Already why should I have to take the Pills too? ) to help stop the endless spotting- which for me is more of constant gush&gt; just enough to ruin my entire outfit but not enough to get my moneys worth for all the tampons and panty liners I keep having to use as a precaution. First six months was the only time this bar was worth the burden.
I was on victoza for 3 months and got really sick. Dr took blood and my lipase and amylase numbers were off the chart. He told me I had pancreatitis. I will never take this drug again. I have never been that sick ever.
I suffered from severe headaches about two days after I started Yaz. The headaches continued almost every day. I was on the pill for about a year until I finally switched. I no longer have headaches.
Tried it a few times but it gave me horrible, disturbing nightmares each time I used it!  Besides that, it was not helpful in actually getting me to sleep.
Do not get this it controls everything in your mind and more - expect a divorce if married by year 2 you gain almost 100 pounds or more and the weight is stuck on you FOR EVER. Run from this as much as possible it is not worth it you won 't get pregnant but a list of problems I swear you will regret this thing quick. Once your body starts to change physically and mentally, sharp pains up and down your arm, worsen migraine, weight gain, bloating, always annoyed everyday and DEPRESSION EXTREMELY BAD
Tested positive for UTI and was put on nitrofurantoin, 100mg 2x per day for 7 days.  No problems the first day, evening of second day I started with a frequent dry cough (not quite hacking, but close).  Only able to sleep 1-2 hours per night and coughing got worse each day.  Called clinic on 5th day and changed to Bactrim for 3 days.  No burning, some pressure and frequent urge to urinate.Going to doctor for regular checkup today and will discuss this, but will not take this medicine again.
I used to be on Klonopin for years and I think it helped but I 'm not sure since I was also on Paxil. It came to a point where neither were working for me even at higher dosages so I started taking Ativan. This really helped my anxiety but it would come back every morning. Eventually I hit tolerance and had to increase it. Eventually I hit tolerance again and I found myself feeling more anxious than ever. I decided it was time to get off. The doctor put me on Valium because it 's easier to taper off than any other benzo. He suggested I could take anywhere from 4mg to 10mg per day. I slowly tapered down to 1.5mg but I was miserable.  I reinstated and went back up to 6mg and have also tried 10mg and it has never worked for me. Stay away from it
I was optimistic when I started.  It tastes horrible but you can get it in.. The first dose a way.  Within 10 minutes the cleanse had begun and for that piece wasn 't bad.  What made it hard was the intense nausea that has lasted the past 4 hours and emerging headache.  If this nausea doesn 't ease I won 't be able to hold down the second dose come morning.
This medicine initially killed the withdrawal, but after five days I realized I was still having cravings really badly. Also, it felt like I was dragging a thirty pound weight around with me coupled with severe depression. Most pharmacies do not carry this medication and most pharmacists I spoke with had not even heard of this drug. All in all I had to hunt this med down and special order it only to find out it sucks. And yes I was taking it correctly the print side facing out towards my inner cheek lining. I am going back to the doc to ask for the one and only Suboxone.
My mirena was inserted less than a month ago. The side effects were okay initially with the cramping. I did have spasms in my rectal area. I had a follow up to check for the strings  and the strings could not be found. An ultrasound was completed and the IUD was found out of place. I had to get an x-ray as well to confirm the position. Now I have to have outpatient surgery to get it removed. I hoped that I wouldn 't have to go through this. But I guess that I may have been at a higher risk since I 'm nursing. I will not use this again.
I read these reviews and am literally dying of laughter, which appears to be a much better option then taking the medicine itself.I used the monostat 1 day oval insert. It felt better and did not burn immediately upon use. However, the itching this caused was unbearable. I really did want to claw my vagina off. I thought the itching was just the YI; as I have used this product in the past and it has never done this. I suppose I used the external cream sparingly in the past and this time I used it to take care of the itching...which I honestly feel like it irritated my vagina and urethra even more. To the point where I couldn 't even bare to have anything touch my urethra. I now have Neosporin on it in an attempt to help the irritation.
This was absolutely horrible. Terrible acne, abdominal swellings, and feeling very isolated and depressed. Kept it for 6 weeks. My doctor wanted me to keep it for another 6 weeks but I couldn 't take it anymore. After removal I felt almost immediate relief and mentally much better.
I was very excited to try Mirena. I experienced the normal, cramping and extreme discomfort and pain immediately after placement. My cramping and pain lasted longer than normal.  Roughly 15 days after placement, I became intolerable.  It was the worst PMS I can recall ever having.  I wasn 't that moody when I was pregnant.  Then my period came and it was the longest, most painful period I have ever had.  I went from having a 3-4 day period with one day of cramping to a week and a half period with 5-6 days of cramping.  Next month, same thing.  Needless to say, this is coming out.
I spotted for the first 10 months I was on Mirena...constantly! Then was back to a normal non-spotting routine for two months. The spotting came back after that and I spotted for twenty days out of my cycle. Not fun! It definitely affected my relationship with my significant other. I gave Mirena a fair shot by having it for over a year and a half. Although it does prevent pregnancy, the bleeding is a huge downfall for me. BUT I 'd like to point out that I have a sensitive cervix and was just informed that the Mirena is NOT for people with a sensitive cervix.
Okay so I had never had a yeast infection before but my mom had and after I described my symptoms to her she thought I should try Monistat. I put it in last night and was fine until an hour later. I 'm a tough person, but I barely slept because of how uncomfortable it was. I woke up this morning and it has only gotten worse throughout the day. It feels like I am on fire. I don 't itch at all though, just very swollen and burning. It better work after all of this discomfort.
Please be very careful with this medication. I 've had insomnia since 1995. I 've taken every sleeping pill at least once. None have worked except for AmbienCR. Earlier this year my trusted AmbienCR stopped working. My doctor gave me a coupon for the free trial. I was excited and had high hopes for a night of sleep.I took one 10 mg dosage of Belsomra and went to bed. Nothing happened for about 3 hours. I fell into a strange wake/sleep condition. I began to have have nightmares and visions. It was the worst feeling. I felt frozen and scared. This lasted for about 2 hours.I woke up and took a video of myself. I didn 't think I was going to make it and I wanted to document what I experienced. This drug is dangerous. Watch out.
It 's been about three months for me but these last three months I been bleeding for two weeks stright every month and this month it 's going on three weeks. It sucks I 'm having bad mood swings and real bad headaches.
DON 'T TAKE IT!!! I was on Invokana for one month.  It made all of my body fluids stink and the really gross part was that, since my saliva smelled the same as my urine, my mouth tasted the way my urine smelled.  Perhaps I could have learned to live with that but it helped not at all so I quit taking it.  Now two, months later, that awful smell and taste is still in my urine and mouth.  I fear something is terribly wrong.  It should be totally out of my system now but it, clearly, is not.  I have made an appointment to see my doctor.  This medication is not okay! DON 'T TAKE IT!!!
My problems with it: Bled for 4 or 5 months straight completely irregular period and spotting throughout (plus discharge on a daily basis), HORRIBLE migraines at least once or twice a week. At the most every day for a week and I had never had even a small headache before this birth control. I have gained 20 pounds. I 'm naturally small and lost all my weight after having my child with no effort so this is strange for me. No sex drive, horrible depression, anxiety and mood swings, insomnia, nausea, face break out (never even had a zit), and horrible muscular pain. Getting it out.
At the age of 24, I unfortunately developed severe acne on my lower face. Tried everything the dermo suggested, antibiotics.. Some prescribed creams...then Epiduo. Doctor told me I 'd have some irritation/dryness/redness and my acne might get worse before it got better for a few weeks... So for 12 weeks i patiently followed the doctors directions using the suggested cleanser/ moisturizer for the dryness and my nightly pea size application of Epiduo. This product..*sigh*  made my acne WORSE.. For 12 weeks!!! More painful deep zits, bigger pores, more outbreaks... Like i didn 't even go out anymore it was so bad. I quit using it from frustration and oddly my acne cleared up 90%. maybe I had a reaction? Who knows.
I was prescribed this drug for pain from osteoarthritis.  It made no difference to my pain and even after upping it to 40mg I was still unable to sleep.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Have &quot;fibromyalgia&quot; like me? . You 've probably taken this poison or other floroquinalone antibiotics. I developed the same neurological symptoms on the 2016 FDA 2nd black box warning (they don 't call it fibro though) and also have/had plantar fascitis and heel and joint pain. Debilitating problems started after my 3rd time taking Cipro   NSAIDs (contraindicated!) after a surgery to prevent infection. Steady decline over a year then struck down with full on fibro which has been misery. Cipro kills good gut microbes that produce neurotransmitters like GABA which prevents muscle contraction and calms the CNS-helps sleep and pain. Thank God for Kefir and fermented foods, they are undoing the damage for me. Am better.
I have been having yeast infections off and on for about a year and a half now. I haven 't had one since February, but when I got those very familiar  symptoms I did what I normally do. Get the doctor to prescribe diflucan or fluconazole and take Monistat as an extra measure. I normally always get the 1 or 3 day pack with the little pill like insert, this time my mom bought me the 7 day with the cream instead of the pill. WORST VAGINAL EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE 23 YEARS OF LIFE! Immediately after inserting the Monistat I began itching terribly and it would not go away!!! I was running around my apartment like a crazy woman. I sat in warm water, tried to dig the cream out with a wash towel,
I originally asked my doctor for a birth control pill with the least amount of hormones because I did not want my period to completely stop. I have always had very irregular and heavy periods. She said this would make them lighter and more regular. Over the course of a year, this pill made my periods almost inexistent. I would get it maybe once every 4 months and usually only lasted a day. My sex drive was gone. I gained 60 pounds even thought I never really had much of an appetite. I was depressed and anxious all the time. The only good thing about it was it cleared up my skin. I use Junel Fe now but I still have similar side effects so I 'm going to talk to my doctor about switching again :(
This BC pill is not for me. I have bled everyday since starting this pill and have had anxiety attacks (which I have never experienced before).
My obgyn switched me to Junel 1.5/30 after taking Sprintec for 4 months. The Sprintec was fine, except I noticed breakouts. I now realize that the breakouts were due to a skincare product, and that switching to Junel is the worst thing that 's happened to me. I have constant mood swings, I cry all the time for no reason, I have a CONSTANT throbbing headache, I have no sex drive whatsoever, my appetite has changed, and somehow my breasts got smaller.. I stopped taking it and I 'm switching back to Sprintec as soon as I can. Horrible, horrible birth control.
My first IV chemo after taking the AI 's. I took 3 cycles with a 10 point drop in tumor markers once only and then they started to rise again. CT scan showed worsening of cancer. Bones were stable but not effective in peritoneum. I have lobular cancer which was in remission for 15 years before it returned. This treatment did not work for me. The side effects very predictable and easy to deal with for the short time I took it but I 'm noticing painful nails now.
I started this birth control to help with my PCOS and crazy periods. My periods were always 8-10 days and pretty heavy. But I started my period just 10 days into this medicine and it continued for 19 days. I 've never had a period that long. My depression was made worse, my sex drive was gone, dizziness, ridiculous mood swings, never wanted to eat, the list just goes on. I never had this issue with the previous two birth control pills I used 7 years ago. Needless to say, I stopped this medicine and will not be taking it again. I 'd rather deal with a horrible 9 day period, than a horrible 19 day period.
I do not take any form medication and am not allergic to anything at all, but prescribed this drug for a UTI, 4 x100 mg for 7 days. After taking the tablets for 2 days the headaches started along with a intolerance to light, then I started to feel like I was having flu like symptoms, chilly with aching joints. I felt lethargic and began to feel quite weak, with a feeling of not being able to focus properly and feeling dizzy. So much so I did not feel comfortable to drive Spoke to my doctor and said I would not take any more (I was up to 5 days by then). The symptoms of my UTI are still there and going back for another antibiotic, will never take this drug again.
I couldn 't even keep it down. I experienced nausea and vomiting so my doctor changed medications. There is no way I could ever use Amox Clav. I was on it only one day and it was one of the worse days of my life.
I had many different side effects that I know are not normal.  I just started this medication and the side effects were horrible. Week 1- day 1 and 2 I started off abnormally tired and fatigued. Day 3,4,5 I was dizzy and had spells of hunger and being nauseous, randomly cried (  at separate times) on top of being drowsy and overly tired. Day 6,7, I got even more nauseous with cramping. Next week day 1 I had to urinate/pee all the time! Day 2 randomly cried, couldn 't control pee plus had to pee all the time and hurt when I urinated day 3 all of those plus vagina was itchy. Day four had to pee  all time, stung when I peed, vagina was itchy/burned. Day five I was supper tired again and no burning/itching. NOT WORTH IT! Going to change meds.
I 'm taking this medication for anxiety and mood swings. It really does close to nothing with my anxiety. It helps my moods a bit but my anxiety is more bothersome. Not only that, my memory is complete crap. I have trouble finding words, memorizing new information and spelling. I am a great speller and ever since I started taking Lamictal, I 've forgotten to spell some words which i would have no problem with before. Overall, I feel this med is doing more bad than good. I started taking Seroquel and I can already feel more positive changes than Lamictal has done since I started taking it.
Still have anxiety, but my nose has stopped running.
Took this medication for the first time for nausea caused by a severe ear infection.  Thirty minutes after the first dose my eyes were itchy quickly followed by my scalp and the rest of my body. I looked in the mirror I was very bright red and swelling quickly. Took the maximum recommended dose of benadryl but to no avail. One hour later in the urgent care for steriods and more benadryl until they could get it under control. Very scary medicine.
This drug PENTASA is the worst drug that I have ever taken, I had sever vomiting at least over 20 times  in the space of 3 to4 hrs and sever diarrheoa which was even worse this occurred every 20 minutes or less sometimes but NO bloody that I was aware of.....So people be warned this drug is CRAP IT really is ...
This drug ruined my life. It made me delusional, paranoid, aggressive, short tempered. As a result I lost my partner, my job and my house. Don 't take it!
Unfortunately I had started seeing a new Dr that didn 't believe in using any benzo 's. She took me off my 9  yrs of benzo therapy &amp; prescribed Vistaril. Started with 25-50 mg, 4-6 times a day. It wasn 't long before she raised me to, literally, up to 150 MG 's, titrated over 40-45 mins! That was ridiculous, it also did nothing. Now I use my Vistaril for my allergies &amp; my current Dr has me alternating 3 x 's each, approx 3-4 hrs apart - Xanax 2 mg with Vistaril 25-50 mg to &quot;extend&quot; the Xanax.IMO, this medication stinks!! Doesn 't even assist me to sleep.
This medication gave me headaches from the very first dose. They lasted 3 weeks. I volunteered to try bunivail, so I stuck it out for 3 full months. I have to admit these have been the worst three months ever. I would sweat all day. Hot yet had the chills, I couldn 't enjoy food. I forced myself to eat. I would start having withdrawals 4-5 hours after I took it. The ungodly hunk of slim that was left over after an hour would float all over my mouth. This drug sucks. Today I got put back on subs and I kid you not  I feel amazing. I am normal again, if I missed a dose of two of subs I was fine with this bunivail I had to do more than I was supposed to just to feel normal. I wouldn 't recommend anyone to switch to this crap..
This drug is dangerous. After a DVT, I was placed on the drug 5mg. twice a day. After a week my colon stated to feel funny. A couple days later I developed significant rectal bleeding. Went to ER where they diagnosed it was due to the Eliquis. Stopped the drug and bleeding stoped within two days. I am now on 10mg Xarelto once a day. No bleeding after seven days. Have a friend that is now in intensive care with a brain bleed. He was also on Eliquis for atrial fibrillation. Had been on the drug for four months. His started with minor headaches. FDA has it listed as a Black Box which means it could be fatal. Non of this was told to me at the ER for my DVT.
I took three tablets and it is over 24 hours later and nothing has happened. Nothing! I didn 't have any of the side effects as described, but I also have not pooped so the problem has not been solved. 
Tried it and it worked great except for the side effects of depression, anxiety, agitation, depression.
Diagnose with Mets to lung and bones. Aggressive chemo worked for eight months and then I was moved to Femara and Ibrance. Had to pay for the drug out of pocket because I 'm not insured and cost us a king 's ransom. This money could and should have been better spent. Ibrance wiped out my immune system and spread my cancer. After two months I complained about breathlessness but my oncologist assumed that we should give it some more time to work because of the promotional reviews and propaganda by Pfizer. I hate how pharma industry is devouring our savings. They should not overrate their products and misguide oncologists. I don 't know how they report results. I doubt that I will ever be counted among the failed cases. Very angry &amp; disappointed.
I tried creon and other NHS pancreatic enzymes but they all made me worse than ever, so I began taking  a vegan enzyme called botanogest made by a company in belgium. It cured all my pancreas and stomach pain and I could eat any foods I wanted with it.  A MRI scan has shown it has also made the scarring on my pancreas completely disappear which drs say is impossible? botanogest has recently been discontinued and without it I 'll need a feeding tube, no other enzymes work for me, I believe botanogest could help millions of people with pancreatitis be well again, like I was for 17 years with it, I keep mailing the company in Belgium asking them to start  selling it again, its a miracle product for pancreatitis,
Cough medicine did not help my cough at all, I was coughing all night long, my chest and stomach hurts from all the coughing I am doing.
It gave me 3 pulmonary embolisms. It almost killed me and I would never recommend the NuvaRing to anyone. I steer family and friends away from it if the topic is brought up.
I was on Cryselle for about 6 years. I had severe fatigue and lack of energy, was physically exhausted and drained no matter how much sleep I got, my hair was falling out like crazy, I had water retention and headaches, I was irritable and moody and I had extremely low sex drive. I eat healthy, exercise regularly, and have had my thyroid and blood sugar checked, as well as blood tests for anemia, etc, all came back normal. The fatigue and lack of energy was what really bothered me and after doing my own research I discovered this can all be related to my BC. I 'm now trying a new pill. Each person is different so what may work for someone may not work for someone else. The positives were my periods were very light and I did not get pregnant.
I was only taking Geodon for 3 weeks (tapered up to 60mg), and one evening I was sitting in front of my computer and experienced the worst panic attack of my life (also my first panic attack). I was admitted to the ER that day. I felt like I was about to have a drug induced psychosis. My pdoc instructed me to stop taking it immediately. The withdrawal was an absolute nightmare. I experienced over 30 different symptoms (anxiety, panic attacks, insomnia, paranoia, nausea, crawling skin, heart palpitations, chills, &amp; tingling just to name a few). It has been almost 2 months and I am still struggling with anxiety. 
I have been using Differin for over 4 months now and at first my skin was okay. It got rid of most pimples but there was never not one time where my face was completely flawless but now my acne is worse than its ever been. I feel like this happens to me with most products. It works at first and then makes my skin horrible. I am going to give Benzoyl Peroxide a try.
I have been on Apri for 2 1/2 weeks and it has instantly made my hair fall out. I never had my hair literally come out of my scalp ever, and I know it 's from the birth control. My baby is almost 4 months old and prior to taking Apri I was on Camilia which  made me have a non-stop period and no sex drive. With Apri I 've noticed I 'm moodier, no sex drive, depressed, suicidal thoughts, all of which I have NEVER had any of these problems. I know its this birth control because I 'm not on any other medications. Monday I am calling my doctor so she can put on something else, I know this pill can work wonders for others but everyone 's body is different.
I think im in burning hell.  Its so bad i had to look up my symptoms to see if this is normal. Only to find bout 100 more people with the same feeling!  This burns soooo bad I swear i should have just gone to my obgyn and gotten an rx for a pill.  Im a 32 yr old woman crying real tears after using the monistat 3 day cream. This cannot be a normal reaction to this I think they need to be sued!
Taking it with ssri . best to take it at a low dose. find the right balance as you don 't need it to overpower the ssri.
I would rather break all the bones in my body before experiencing the burning I had from using this product. I wouldn 't wish this pain on my worst enemy...
I was told I have a POSSIBLE UTI from my doctor which is very common during pregnancy. I had one with my first child. I started taking this antibiotics yesterday and I was extremely nauseous and fatigued. I am in my second trimester and was over my morning sickness. I eat a full meal and drank plenty of fluids with this antibiotic like your suppose to and I am just miserable..... with this being only a possible diagnosis I think I 'm going to stop taking it. It 's not even worth this feeling. BLAH!
I switched from a hormonal contraceptive to Depo Provera January of 2013, never had any problems (weight gain, acne, irregular bleeding) for the first year and a half and only bled about a week or two before my next shot was due. Starting about 8 months ago I was bleeding almost 2 months before every shot and the last shot I received in March I continued to bleed 2 weeks after getting the shot. I also noticed an increase in extreme depression and anxiety. I have also spent the last 6 months dealing with breakouts (which I never had before) and an increase in keratosis pillars on my face (not sure if its related to a hormone imbalance). I would never recommend this shot to anyone.
I NEVER write reviews but if I can help someone out its worth it! I got the nexplanon after I had my son and I hated it. The only reason I 'm rating it as a 2 because I didn 't get pregnant or have a period. That was nice, but the hormonal acne is NOT WORTH it at all. At least not to me. I started breaking out little by little until I started getting cystic acne that would last for weeks. I was to the point that I couldn 't not wear make up besides when I slept and I hated that. I also never wanted to go out in public either. I got it out 2 days ago and got on the pill and my face is ALREADY clearing up. The nexplanon works different for everyone, but I just wanted to share my experience.
Took it for one month and a half. Didn 't lose even one pound! It didn 't work for me obviously. I have to say that yes you excrete fat when you eat fatty things and on days where you watch your food choices, it keeps you clean. But either ways, no results for me.
At first I liked it. My Endocrinologist was waiting for it to be approved and available, so put me on it once it was. It lowered my Blood Sugar and my Blood Pressure. I did not lose weight as some do (which I suspect is mostly water weight from urinating more).  I had to stop my blood pressure medicine because I felt I was bottoming out with both meds (Invokana was lowering my blood pressure too). But now that I have been taking Invokana, since it was available, I just recently stopped it due to not being able to handle the side effects anymore. I feel so FATIQUED ALL the time. My muscles ache once I get to the top of my stairs. I am out of breath and feel like I have run a marathon. My chest would feel tight and just felt faint all the time when doing anything! Add life 's stresses (job) to that, and it made me so miserable!!And, I have been working out 4 days a week since Jan!! It is so frustrating. I am also on week 4 of a nothing but veggie and some fruit smoothies (no meat, wheat, and only dairy is whole fat Greek yogurt). So I figured since I was having to watch my blood sugars more closely, since they were lower with this new eating plan, now was a good time to quit the Invokana. I am hoping within a week I might feel like my old self again. Due to doing EVERYTHING I can to HELP my Diabetes, and I still felt bad, I knew it had to be my Invokana. The only other med I take is Lantis SolarStar. I started to get worried about long term effects of Invokana, especially since I was doing what anyone with health issues should do (exercise and eat super healthy), and still felt fatigued, I decided to do more research online and have found MANY others with my SAME and worse side effects. Many complain of constant yeast infections (both women and men), hair loss, swelling of lymph nodes to where they did STD tests and cancer screening, shortness of breath, fatigue, urinary tract infections, bladder infections, kidney issues (some really bad). I got scared reading so many many bad reviews. I don 't want to end up with major kidney problems!!So I am going to do what every Type II Diabetic should do, and actually EAT HEALTHY and EXERCISE!! We are switching to organic foods and plan to continue drinking these green smoothies for 2 meals a day and have a reasonable dinner. We need to lose weight anyways. That will ensure we get tons of veggies and fruits and so much nutrition that we would otherwise be deficient in. We keep track of all our calories to ensure we get enough protein, and healthy fat etc. I also take some supplements, super foods, and vitamins made with whole food. We are going to stop all soda, sugar, artificial sweeteners, and pre-made and highly processed foods, as best we can...it will be a process, lol. . I am so mad at all that is put in our food, I can 't believe it is legal!!. Most chronic type diseases are due to inflammation in the body and what we PUT in our bodies. Healthy in, healthy out. Crap in, crap out. You ARE what you eat. Stop putting chemicals and toxins in your body. Stop eating food that is not raised/cultivated naturally healthy. Eat whole food and &quot;clean&quot; foods. Cure yourself with Nature 's Nutrition! Good luck to you all! :D
Do not take this!! Worst experience of my life. Made my acne 100X worse. Also made my face really red and greasy. Not effective AT ALL. I have no idea why my doctor would prescribe me this. Ruined my life, can 't stand being seen like this. Try benzoyl peroxide. Much more effective. Dries out your skin, but an easy fix with lotion.
I started taking 1 injection/mo. in July of 2017. It brought my numbers down immediately....Total cholesterol 157, HDL 58, LDL 77...not bad from where I was.  Then after the 2nd injection in August, I started getting severe pain on my right inner thigh, then left inner thigh. Kind of like an electric shock, so bad, I had to stand up right away.  I tried one more injection in Sept 2017, and then decided to stop. After 2 weeks, of being off Repatha,  the pain had gone.  It hasn 't come back, but I have not had an injection since Sept 2017, and it is now Dec 5th.  Going back for blood work, and I 'm sure my cholesterol  will be back to 250.  I can 't tolerate statins,  so I 'm back to square 1.
I have had this medication 3 times now and on taking the very first tablet after about 5 hours it felt like I had been hit by a truck. Really fast heart, aching all over, couldn 't even walk to the loo had to crawl on all fours, terrible headache, really bad flu symptoms. It lasted 24 hour for the heart rate to go down but 3 days for the larthagicness to go. Will definately not be taking these again, never felt so ill
This medication caused me to have major side effects and I do not recommend taking it to anyone.
Horrible product.  I regret ever getting this inserted. Nothing but heavier periods, headaches, mood swings, weight gain, just all around pain in the ass.  I had it removed over 2 years ago, and my body is completely out of whack from it.  I cannot get pregnant (have been trying to have our 2nd for over a year now) and what was regular periods now go magically missing 3 months at a time.  This should be taken off the market.  Thank you Mirena for making me infertile. *insert sarcasm*
Gave me very very Bad cramps with minimal bowl movement. I would never recommend this to anyone
Horrible, was on 8mg suboxe a day for a week and my doctor just switched randomly after I told him I did not want bunavail he gave me 3 weeks worth and it sucks the depression I get in the middle of the day I still feel shitty and still want to use! I actually went and relapsed after taking 2 4.2 mg tabs and almost felt the full feeling from the relapse was falling out a lil bit and everything! That never would have worked if I was even on 8mg of Suboxone. Can 't wait to get back to doctor and make him switch me back. The depression I get from even the slightest withdrawal off bunavail is awful. Tell your doctor u don 't want bunavail! I believe the true reason they made this stuff is because people cannot inject it like they can suboxone
So I took the shot of august of 2015 and it was all good for a while. Then by the next year in august I got my shot. It had been a year since I was on it. Then for pretty much the next 3 months all I did was bleed. And it was very heavy. I had talked to my nurse and she said if it haven 't gone down that something wasent right. Well when I went back to get my next shot and at this point I still had been bleeding and I was considering switching to something else. There was a different nurse there and we talked about switching me. So I got on the ortho cyclen 28s and I only bleed for the first like maybe 3 days and it was very light and the color was brown. And I haven 't bleed since. The depo not only mucked me up but also decreased my sex with my man
I started taking this pill, because the other one orsythia was making me feel sad and angry before or after my cycle.  So Dr prescribed this one.  I took it for a month. Changing pills made me have spotting for two weeks then I notice I did not wanted to run, walk, or clean. I had no desire to do anything at all. It made me feel like someone hit me with a tranquilizer I hated the feeling. Now I went back to my other one but I 'm back to been sad distant from my family it sucks that birth control can change the way you are.
I took for 5 days but it didn 't help at all. Now starting Levofloxacin 
Started this in May 2015 and side effects were life threatening. F, 5 '6&quot; and 117lbs. I take 75 mg adderall a day. I started to have severe anxiety attacks and the doctor gave me 2 packs of viibryd samples from the medicine room and put me on this devil drug. Background I have Addison 's Disease which is pretty much just your body becoming drama queen and fight or fight responses are skewed and amplified. Normal BP WAS 80/40; 2 weeks in pulse was 150  BP 200/150. Diarrhea all day all night!!I developed Serotonin Dyndrome from my regular meds and this. I was in cardiac arrest and almost didn 't come out. BP STILL HIGH normal is 145/100 now and it 's caused so much more with anxiety so it sucks
Worst medication I 've ever been on. It has made me very flat, depressed, quiet, overweight, and also a case of anhedonia. I can 't even talk to people anymore, just short answers and no enthusiasm. I also don 't even enjoy nature anymore and I used to LOVE the outdoors. I 've been feeling like a robot ever since I went on it 6 months ago. I know I should have told my doctor sooner. Last week I started dosing down and am praying that once I 'm completely off of it I 'll be feeling better and hope to have more life in me. I 'm glad to see that it works for most people. Has anyone else experienced any of these side effects?
I got the mirena in November 2015 and on February 23, 2016 I had horrible double over in pain type pain and cramps.  I didn 't know what was going on and it got to the point where I couldn 't move, walk or sit. I went to the dr and had blood drawn and a urinalysis. Both tests came back normal so the dr ordered an pelvic ultrasound. I had the ultrasound on March 2, 2016 just to be told that my iud not only moved but it broke. Part of it is poking my uterus and that 's the pain and the other part is in there somewhere.  Well tomorrow March 3rd I will be having surgery to remove it. Hoping that she only has to remove it and doesn 't have to do a hysterectomy. This is the worst experience ever and hopefully they ban this iud
I came down with the flu TYPE B a local clinic wrote me a prescription. The Dr told me it wouldn 't make me feel better but rather shorten the duration. I figured might as well try it. I 've stopped after 3 doses - awful diarrhea and nausea. I 'd rather let nature take its course than go through what I have for the last 10 hours.
By Week 5 on 40 mg, I went through the typical nausea, it all went away nicely after week 3 or so. Then came the arm jerks. Only happened a couple of times, enough to wake me up, doc said to keep on the Viibryd. Next day had a headache, no big deal though, and a couple of days went by after that without problems. Then, the titanic crashed. I 'd be lying down ready to go to sleep and my head would zap like a cattle prod was put to my forehead. Imagine being zapped every time you try to go to sleep? I could not get off this fast enough. 
Okay so Nexplanon is useful in the sense that you 're safe from pregnancy etc. But what it 's done to me mentally is not pleasant in the slightest. I go through 2 week periods of feeling completely myself and then suddenly drop into these phases of chronic anxiety and exhaustion. I  have intrusive thoughts that do not help my anxiety in the slightest and I just feel so isolated from everyone. My mum had told me that I 'm not myself anymore and that 's just the hardest thing to hear because I 've noticed it too. I 'm usually energetic, enthusiastic and bubbly but during these periods I have no motivation. I 'm getting it out in a few days, I just need to be myself again, I hate feeling like this and cannot cope any longer.
This is not a good medication!  I took two pills at night and woke up with nausea, heartburn, cramping and dizziness.  I ended up throwing up twice.  I feel like I wasted 24 hours just by taking a laxative.  Choose a different brand!
I must be in the 10% who react to Dovonex. I have mild plaque psoriasis on my scalp and this cream made it so much worse! After one week of usage, my whole scalp was inflamed and scaly, as well as a nice ring around my face. Even my ears! The literature says this will happen in 10% of cases. Lucky me. I discontinued immediately.
This drug will literally make you lose your mind. My coordination was off like I was temporary brain damaged or something crazy . You low life 's who don 't share that it 's success rate and suicide is very common and Luckily I 've been through worse with my pain pill addiction. They only show 90% of there good reviews because this is all about and creating more customers. I also guarantee most these people that rated this as a 8 or higher were compensated to do so. It has warnings but they hide the real stories
Well my experience isn 't as positive as most.  I 've been on Axiron for about 4 months, 2 pumps a day.  When I began my total Testosterone was 209.  Today it is 130, so it dropped about 80 points in 4 months while on this.  Early on it did seem to improve things. Application isn 't the best as it tends to run and drip. I also burned quite a bit which I eventually got used to.  I am switching to Androgel which I 've used in the past, and will hopefully have better results with that one.  Overall Axiron is worth a shot if you have low T because it does seem to help quite a few guys - just not me.
Horrible burning and itching!Never will buy this product again. This is the second day and it 's so bad. I 'm not even sure it 's working. Definitely not worth the pain.
Started on Trulicity .75 for first 2 weeks and then up to 1.5 every week.  I was taking Metformin 500 mg twice a day at the same time.  I had been previously using Victoza and Metformin.  Insurance company forced a switch to Trulicity because they would no longer approve Victoza or Saxenda.  No real change in my blood sugar levels.  I was consistently between 100-140 on any of these drugs.  Big problem with Trulicity is suddenly, I had erectile dysfunction.  I did not have this side effect with Victoza or Saxenda used in conjuction with Metformin.  I am 60 years old and extremely physically active.  I exercise 6 days a week.  I lost 45 lbs through diet, exercise, and Saxenda/Victoza.  Had no problem with ED prior to switch to Trulicity.
I have never had to take medication in my life until being prescribed Levothyroxine.  I experience disturbing short-term memory loss and weight-gain despite regular exercise.  Also neck-swelling and throat discomfort is annoying.
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this drug. After being on this medication for about a month I began to experience auditory and visual hallucinations, appetite loss, insomnia and heart palpitations. It did nothing to relieve my ADHD either. Doc tried lowering the dosage and changing what time I would take it, but it made little difference. I flushed the rest down the toilet and stopped taking it after 6 months.
Worst birth control ever!! Started taking it and literally everything went downhill. It made my face break out with lots of big pimples that looked like cysts that wouldn 't go away. I was in a super terrible moody 24/7, got annoyed very easily, and completely lost my sex drive. Not to mention the super bad cramps and the fact that I bled for probably 3 weeks straight during the month I was on it. Just stopped taking it because it 's literally ruined my life and my poor boyfriend has had to deal with my hideous mood and disinterest in sex for too long. HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND
I got the mirena in Jan 2015 and had remove it by July 2015. As a contraceptive it worked. I used to be on the pill and I put on 20kg with it. I came off it and got the mirena and couldn 't lose weight whilst on it. So although I didn 't put weight on whilst on mirena, I feel like if I hadn 't taken the pill before, the mirena prob would 've been the culprit to make me put on weight. Wouldn 't recommend it to anyone, don 't do it.The side effects I experienced:- spotting everyday/random periods completely irregular overall- bad headaches- extremely bloated- couldn 't lose weight - moodiness and emotional - periods never went back to normal after mirena- they 've been irregular for past year despite being hormone free!
Took the pill less than 12 hours after sex. I 'm 2 months pregnant.
I 'm a 21 year old full-time college student dealing with a lot of stress and anxiety.  After a severe panic attack, my doctor prescribed me with Zoloft to help quell my anxiety.  He started me on a low dosage (50mg) and it helped out a little.  Then 2 weeks later he doubled my dosage.  This caused me to hit an all-time low.  I 've never been depressed in my life, until Zoloft.  It caused me to be miserable, anti-social and alienate myself from the world.  Everyone 's body reacts differently to medications, but if you feel like Zoloft 's making you depressed stop taking it.  It can be a nightmare if you don 't react well to it!  After 3 days off Zoloft I felt exponentially better.
Horrible drug. Used this for 3 weeks and had to stop. Felt highly medicated even though on the lowest dose, I believe 37mg? Didn 't want to eat for the first few days then for 2 weeks could not stop. Has increased my irritability and have low moods and anxiety combined with a sensation of carelessness. Very tearful. Dr has recommend I stop taking this immediately.
OK SO IF YOU DON 'T LISTEN TO THESE HORRIBLE REVIEWS AND YOU GET THE SHOT ANYWAY, YOU 'RE A NEW KIND OF SILLY. I got my first depo shot in April 2016. I started to notice a slight loss of sex drive after a few weeks. I then started bleeding moderately about 4 weeks in &amp; I never stopped bleeding (I 'd go for a maximum of 2 days without bleeding). Some days were light and only required a panty liner, some were heavy and required a super-plus tampon change every hour. I went back for a second shot in July 2016 because my Dr. said it was just my body getting used to the shot. Guess what? That was rubbish. I now go a max of one week between bleeding and it 's been almost 9 months since my last shot HAHA I want to sue the creators of this drug
My blood sugar 's were constantly in the 250 to 300 range. I experienced a burning sensation in my stomach and stomach pain and discomfort constantly. I had extreme thirst. My fluid intake doubled I was drinking approximately 1 1/2 to 2 gallons of fluid a day with frequent urination. Finally my stomach discomfort reached such a high level that I had to stop taking the medication. My blood sugar 's were still in the upper 200 and lower 300 range as well so I thought thw medicatio was ineffective as well, and as my side effects were no longer tolerable.
whoa it feels like someone has been shoving a blowtorch up my vag.  I inserted this stuff last night but it wasn 't until I was driving home from work tonight that I suddenly felt the most violent burning and itching...I was literally swerving back and forth while driving trying to itch it on the seat and get some relief.  The burning and itching has now graduated into a throbbing, and I 'm weeping as I write this.
This medication has not helped my pain level in any way but has kept me up at night and given me an upset stomach.
After suffering with nasal congestion and trying a variety of allergy medicines, I tried usingClaritin-D.  Although it didn 't clear up the nasal congestion, at first I did seem to feel better.THEN, the side effects started:  extreme dry mouth, stomach pain, headaches, feeling nervous, faster heart rate, constipation, tingly feeling under my skin, insomnia, urinating less than usual;After quitting the medicine I also had high blood pressure, fear &amp; anxiety (I was afraid to be alone so my grown children came to stay with me several days).  I wouldn 't take it again!!!
OMG!!!! This is horrible!!! The cramps n bloating are the worst I 've ever had!!!  I suffer from multiple pain issues, fibromyalgia, severe neck and back pain with shooting pins and needles with burning down my legs. Due to a failed back surgery. I 'll take that pain over the pain I have from Movantik. I have been back and fourth from the bathroom and sat on the pot till both of my legs are numb. Nothing 's moving  but I 'm having such bad cramps I can 't move.
It makes me not able to sleep, irritable, and when I take I just don 't feel like me.
This medication was awful. Not only did it not help with my sleep issues and pain, it also increased my anxiety, caused m to be paranoid and I actually started hallucinating. I do not recommend it to anyone.
At first this medicine worked, but then I began experiencing severe migraines and so my doctor modified the pills to best suit me. Which worked out better for about 2 months, now I 've back to having severe cramps,migraines,heavy bleeding,depression,and anxiety. I wouldn 't recommend this medication.
I was put on cryselle to help regulate my cycle and clear up what was left of my acne and I have to tell you this is the worst experience of my life.I went from my skin being almost clear to having cystic acne covering my entire face and chest, which was also very heart breaking for me because my cheeks were the only place where I would break out. I 've also become very moody and more depressed. I really do encourage you to steer away from this pill.It has honestly been the worst decision I 've made in a really long time. Save yourself the pain and money. I 'm looking to switch ASAP!!
Horrible side effects. My mouth and tongue swelled up. Difficulty swallowing which is why the doctor prescribed it for me in the first place. He said it was a symptom of &quot;silent&quot; acid reflux. Found a rash on my leg. Heart palpitations and massive stomach aches.Didn 't do a thing for reflux or the belching and burping it was suppose to cure.
I was changed to Breo almost 3 months ago, after being on Advair 100/50 for 14 years. My Dr changed it, because he felt that Breo would be less steroid in my body. Well, &quot;If it ain 't broke, don 't fix it.&quot; My breathing got worse, and it is a struggle to take a deep breath. I had to use my rescue inhaler 2-3 times a day, this past month, when with Advair, I 'd only use it 1-2 times ayear. I constantly felt like someone was choking me, or that my lungs wouldn 't inflate fully, &amp; I 'd have heart palpitations when I 'd lay down, &amp; would wake me from sleep. A recent CT scan showed bibasilar atelectasis, whereas another done prior to Breo this year, didn 't show that finding. I started back on my Advair today. I hope it still works for me now.
The day after I started taking this I started having major leakage and had no warning.  I also had diarrhea but thought it was something I ate.   I have been off of it for 5 days and still peeing while I sleep, while I walk. It 's annoying. Plus I still have the UTI.  Not a fan of this medication.
You 're supposed to use it before bed so I did, now I don 't know how I 'm going to sleep. I 'm in so much pain right now. Way more than I was before. I just want it out of me. My suggestion deal with the pain from the YI, it 's nothing compared to using this crap.
I 've had my Implanon since May 30th 2013. I have not stopped bleeding since I got it. I have crazy mood swings, I get extremely depressed, crave junk food, sex drive is way down, I get horrible headaches, and abdominal pain.
I had Implanon implanted in March of 2009 and nothing but problems since.  I had depression, mood swings, period for 6 months straight, cyst in right breast, pelvic pain, edema, fever, headaches, back pain, joint pain, weight gain, acne, and the list goes on.  I just got it removed and I can 't wait to get to feeling better soon.
Implanon has been a horrible experience for me. The only reason I have not had it removed is because I already have 3 children, all pretty close together and I 'm not in any hurry to have another one. I got IMPLANON put in in December of 2010. The initial insertion was easy. Now I have not had a period since, and even when I do it is very minimal. I have gained 30 pounds on it and have horrible mood swings, exhaustion and fatigue. 
My pharmacy doesn 't carry the sprintect birth control that I have been using for the past 5 1/2 years any more and switched me to Esatrylla and said &quot;It is exactly the same thing.&quot; I have been taking it for 12 days - The acne I have gotten in the past 12 days is out of control. Deep, cystic acne that I have never experienced in my life, all over my face and down my neck and arms. I am 26 years old and I have pubescent acne all of the sudden. My mood swings have been horrible and I am exhausted at the end of the day. My poor husband has been avoiding me. I called my doctor today and am switching to a pharmacy who carries the brand I used before Estarylla. I wish I would have done a little research on this pill before taking it!
I said that I have troubles with focus and concentration, forgetting everything , unable to do simple jobs, but can do creative stuff. I have normal IQ (*142) and I 'm skeptic all the time. Don 't believe in ghosts, magic, gods and all other stuff like horoscopes, karma, souls, but my grandmother was paranoid schizophrenic and very religious. I thought there is condition called ADHD, but they prescribed me &quot;Abilify&quot;, because they said it 's depression. First was injection to muscle. Then I took small very expensive pills. But after few weeks I started noticing side effects and no improvement in anything. Unable to sit normally, smoking more cigarettes and later I even had problem to move my muscles. My eye lids didn 't moved, face like &quot;frozen&quot;.
I have peripheral neuropathy in my feet. I had the feeling of socks crunched up. I used this stuff and I added severe burning! I used it 1 1/2 days and returned it. DON 'T BUY! I now have burning feet. It will go away, but what kind of cure is burning feet , not less pain. Also if you get on hands it can cause problems so make sure you wash it off This OTC cream should say SEVERE BURNING FEELING POSSIBLE. I never have pain at night when I sleep. Last night I had burning feeling!THIS PRODUCT SHOULD BE BANNED!!!!!!!!!!!!
Little did I know, I am horribly allergic to Sulfa.  After two pills, I began experiencing horrible leg and arm cramps.  They were so bad, that I was unable to stand for longer than a couple of minutes.  These symptoms took about a week to fully disappear and this was from taking only 2 pills!
Used consistently 1x a day for past 6 weeks. My skin has never looked worse. Epiduo cleared up the front of my cheeks and forehead very well (neither of which were ever really a problem though). The main reason I got Epiduo was the mild acne on my right side-cheek.After Epiduo this area has worsened significantly, and the left cheek has too. My skin stopped flaking after I started using moisturizer every day, but the redness just got worse. I now have small white bumps everywhere on both cheeks. I get flat pimples painful to touch and have 2-3 big whiteheads at any given time now (neither happened before).Summary: I got new acne; old acne never went away, it just changed into a worse form. I 'll give it a few more weeks, but so far... :(
I used this product a few times before with no problems.   Used it about an hour ago and it feels like Satan himself is inside of my vagina.  The pain is literally excruciating.  I literally sat on my bathroom floor for about 45 mins and sobbed.  It feels like my lady parts are actually on fire.  I do not recommend this to anyone unless you want to know what it feels like to light your vagina on fire. Let me tell ya. I bought the 7 day one.  Not gonna use it the full 7 days. Because I might actually die.
Nortriptyline did not work for me. The first month I took it I gained 15 lbs, the second month I gained 10 lbs, the third month I gained 5 lbs., total of 30 lbs in 3 months and cholesterol way above heart attack level.  I stopped taking it because I still had migraines and because of the rapid weight gain. I have never gained more than 5lbs. I was 120-125 most of my life. I gained 5 lbs after having 4 kids. I gained 20lbs each time I was pregnant and lost it quickly. I still have these 30 lbs that I can 't lose from this damn nortriptyline. I 've been walking 3-4 miles every day for a month now and eat organic when I can. I lost 7lbs. It 's taking forever. I don 't recommend nortriptyline to anyone. Try something else!!
Horrible, horrible, horrible. My neurologist of 10 years retired. He mentioned and prescribed ambien for my chronic insomnia. Also did regular labs and sleep studies.He referred to another local neurologist who specialized in sleep.  Without having my previous medical records and a brief 5 minute office visit,  the doc, writes me a 3 month refill on ambien. Ok, then he told me I was bipolar manic and gives me script for lamotrigine. 25mg to taken twice a day. I was a bit confused as to how he came to take diagnose after 5 minutes with me.  I 've never been told or treated for manic bipolar.  He said it helped with my sleep. I took 2 doses as prescribed. I blacked out and work up agitated, confused, crying with thoughts of suicide.  I flushed the rest.
After taking 3 pills, I experienced chills, tremors, nausea, vomiting..had to go urgent care. They changed to Clindamycin. Now I am taking Levoquin and Clindamycin. Just have mild diarrhea.
Not worked for my depression. Zero effect.
I have been itching since I had this test on Monday ...over 40 hours ago....this med should not be given to patients who take asthma meds.  I guess no one cared enough to read my medical history. I am concerned about this med staying in my body.
Calmed my migraines down to about one to two every two weeks but have only taken it for 3 weeks and already have gained 9 pounds. I struggle with PCOS and weight loss already. If you struggle with weight loss consider taking a different medication.
Took this pill at about 40 hrs post said accident. We are now pregnant. As I am a mother to two, we were not planning on anymore kids and are extremely careful. We have taken plan B in the past and I guess we should have this time as well.
Before I started this birth control I would go months (6-7) months with no period. I have been on Seasonique for 8 weeks now. The first week everything went fine but as the weeks progressed I have been having horrible cramps to where all I can do it lay on the couch. I 've experienced headaches, which I have never had before and severe acne. Lastly, I have had bleeding for 14 days now which hasn 't even began to lighten up or show signs of stopping soon.
I went on this for my intense period cramps. When I first started it, I immediately started spotting-which is a common side effect. However the flow was heavy, I had severe cramps that made me feel nauseous and I was SUPER moody. I was easily irritated which got me into a few heated arguments. However, I barely felt any cramps and flow was light. No sign of weight gain nor acne changes either. The next few months, it felt like I wasn&rsquo;t even on the pill, since my period cramps returned, my face broke out with more pimples, my appetite grew, and I was bloated all the time. The spotting with cramps returned and when I contacted my doctor, she gave me the option to try it for one more month. But I had enough and I switched brands.
This pill was alright at first but not really what I wanted. As a birth control it worked fine but I was mostly using it to regulate my period and help control my acne. After 4 months of breakthrough bleeding and horrendous cystic acne  I decided to switch brands. Before starting this pill I used to get a cyst or two a month. After starting this pill, I could only start to clear my skin up on placebo week and even then it was hardly enought time to get rid of the massive cystic breakout. My friend was also on this pill but didn 't have the same cystic situation. My word of advice is if your prone to cystic acne don 't take this pill. The only think I liked about this pill was no mood changes, less pms, larger breasts and minimal weight gain.
So far I have taken two doses and I feel worse today than yesterday.
I have had this &quot;chip&quot; for the last 7 months. Of those 7 months I have had a period for 6 months and I don 't mean spotting. The one month I did not have my period was when my Dr gave me an extra birth control pill to take daily and it worked but when the pills where done the period came back worse within a few days. This &quot;chip&quot; has made me loose over ten pounds. It has made vary emotional and cry about just little things out of no where. I can not control my emotions and have had such bad head aches and stomach pains its not even funny. I just want this thing out out out. I did not even need birth control. I was told it would get rid of my period for 3 years and I was sold on that. I got opposite of what I was told it would do.
Feel like i have been ripped off. Does nothing for me
I will never use this product again! About 3 minutes after applying it, I started getting the most intense itching!! This is miserable! I have been laying here rolling around hating every second. Everything in my lady parts feels hot and irritated! I do NOT recommend this product to anyone! I wish I would have chosen the tablet versions that I could take everyday instead.  I don 't plan on using the next two applications. I would rather have the yeast infection.
This sent me to the hospital!!! I was on my second pregnancy and my OB prescribed Diclegis for my morning sickness, which feels more like all day sickness. I decided to wait till night time to take 1 instead of 2 because it said it caused drowsiness and my toddler was 1 at the time. So I wake up at 4am feeling extremely flushed, I could feel my blood pumping through my body! My heart is racing out of control. I honestly thought I was having a heart attack! I called 911 and the paramedics said my HR was at 120. Once I got to the ER I started to hyperventilate to the point where I couldn 't walk, talk, and my extremities became stiff. OB laughed at me didn 't believe any of my side effects, fired him, never took it again! Don 't recommend it!
So I started Effexor XR tonight for my anxiety that I deal with and let me just say NEVER EVER AGAIN!!For two hours I felt fine, went to bed and suddenly was awaken by intense nausea so I sat up to wake my child 's father(who stayed the night since we didn 't know how this new med would affect me) and as soon as I sat up my stomach came up. There was no wait time. It 's been five hours since I took it. And I 've been up throwing up for the last 45 mins. Not taking this crap again. I would honestly rather have be dealing with a panic attack at this point rather than this I can 't even blink my eyes without vomiting crap!
I had been on Risperdal for about 6 years but the weight gain symptom grew very troublesome so I tried Abilify. It seemed to work about as well as Risperdal in regards to controlling troublesome and self-injurous/suicidal thoughts, but within a week or so I had the side effect of a resting heart rate of 120 bpm that lasted about an hour. This happened about three times in the span of a few days so I had to stop taking Abilify. If I hadn 't had that side effect it probably would 've been a decent medication.
I 've had the implant for close to a year now, had spotting/bleeding in the first month but have been period free since then which is a plus! The downside of it is it makes my anxiety a thousand times worse. I 've held off thinking I 'll get over it it 'll get better but it never does and with my anxiety being so bad I never wanted to call my doctor.  I finally came to my wits end with it and I 'm having it removed tomorrow. I 'm so excited to be myself again! It also gave me a low sex drive, weight gain and mild acne. Thinking about staying off birth control for awhile and having my body just get back to normal! Everybody is different and I wish this would have worked for me but it 's a no go
I hate this I got this implanted in late February 2016&amp; about a week after insertion I started feeling sick flu like symptoms weak light headed and dizzy I lost weight I feel depressed and I always feel like crying...I feel lethargic at times for no reason  this does not agree with my body like the Implannon did!!! I will be making an appointment immediately maybe I will try birth control pills but Nexplanon is definitely not for me!!!!
I started reading these reviews and panicking because I took FOUR pills and was in horrible pain. The only way to ease it was by puking up a clear liquid that burned my throat like hell. I do NOT recommend this brand!
I used plan b 24 hours after unprotected sex. Didn 't work, took a pregnancy test 4 weeks later it was positive.
The worst BC. Makes me SO mean and have horrible nightmares.
I took Contrave for three days and decided to stop because the nausea was too much to handle, feeling as if I would throw up an any moment.  I 'm sure it works for some, but these feelings aren 't worth it.  Additionally my energy was sapped, it was somewhat counteractive in that I had no desire to work out, I just wanted to go home after work and sleep.  I typically lift three days a week, and cardio twice a week.  I 'm not sure where to go from there, but I 'll find something.  I weigh 168 and am 5 '4.  I was hoping to lose twenty pounds for an upcoming vacation, not with this drug.
I wanted shorter periods and had breast pain on my old pill, so I asked for a low dose bc. I 'm on month 4 of this pill and want to be off it desperately. Pack 1, I got a 1 day period and got excited. Pack 2, in the second week I spotted a lot, then got a 2 day period on schedule. Pack 3, I spotted for 2 weeks and then had heavier spotting for a period. I 'm almost through the first week of pack 4 and still bleeding, although it is way lighter than my previous periods on a different pill. I can 't deal with this bleeding. My dr said give it 4 months and here we are. I am asking to be put on my old bc asap, I 'll put up with the sore boobs!.
Took methotrexate for 6 months after diagnosis for Rheumatoid arthritis, seemed to work fairly well for the pain/stiffness, but I had terrible side effects including nausea, fatigue, mood swings - almost couldn 't get to work, coming up stairs felt like my feet weighed 500 pounds each - almost could not function at all. Now going to try in injectable form to see if that will not cause the side effects -  hopeful.
I took this for my extreme amount of nausea causing anxiety. It did wonders for my nausea! It was wonderful and like a miracle. Until the 3rd time I took it... I had the worst experience of my life. My jaw got locked and stuck to one side, my eyes got locked looking upwards and I couldn 't move them, my jaw felt as if it was trying to break itself and was so painful . I ended up sticking my finger down my throat to make myself vomit up the drug. It continued to lock my jaw up off and on for the next 48 hours. Never again. Be careful of the side effects. Worked wonders for my nausea and vomiting, but I would rather be throwing up than experiences those side effects
(A little background on my skin, I get a pimple here and there and overall have pretty normal skin)I saw a commercial for Differin and immediately went online  to buy it, I thought that the product sounded great for the price! After I purchased it I started looking into side effects and reviews on the product. They were pretty mixed with some people saying they loved it and others saying they hated it but the main thoughts were that it might make your breakouts worse for a few months then get better, and it can make your skin dry and sensitive. Well let me tell you I used this product as directed for 3 nights in a row and it gave me a chemical type burn on my face, my skin is flaking off and I am using a TON on moisturizer to try to keep it as hydrated as I can, and it hurts to even touch my face. And I don 't mean like when your skin is dry type of flaking off, I mean like worse sun burn in your life type of flaking off. I also have a pretty high pain tolerance and anytime I touched my face, took my makeup off, put makeup on, or used my moisturizer it felt like 10,000 needles stabbing me in my face while getting burned by a hot iron.I have now stopped using the product and two days later my skin is still the same; flaking, red, and hurting like no other. Do NOT use this product unless you are ready for some serious pain and skin damage.
Worst medication I 've ever taken.  I was put on this when my insurance stopped covering Seroquel XR.  I became extremely agitated, irritable, and experienced what could be described as mania.  I almost lost my job because I could not control myself from verbally ripping into a customer.  I also almost punched a hole in a wall.  I had to call an emergency meeting with my psychiatrist after only a week to take me off of it, at which time I returned to normal.To add, my coworker was put on this for Tourettes, and her symptoms were worsened and she experienced similar manic symptoms.
I wouldn 't recommend it to my worst enemy. Weight gain, depression, hair loss, migraines, anxiety, cramps, non stop bleeding for 4 months now. Thursday it comes out and I can 't wait. 
I 've been on the Depo shot for a yr and a half now and I have been bleeding ever since I took it. I have experienced a lot of weight gain and depression and tons of moods swings. You get cramps everyday as if you just got your period. I wouldn 't recommend it if you don 't like bleeding. Might work for some people but not for me. 
Do not take Jolessa. I have always been 126 lbs, 6 months after taking jolessa my weight is 132 lbs. My period got worse after the 3 months of taking jolessa. it last 12 days and very heavy period. I do not recommend this birth control pills.
This is the worst commercial on TV.  The music sucks, the band sucks and the acting sucks.  I literally have to turn the volume off whenever this stupid commercial comes on.  It is one of the most annoying commercials I have ever experienced.  Please consider a remake and get rid of that awful music and band.  PLEASE!!!!!
Caused horrible testicle / reproductive / urinary pain and swelling
This med simply did nothing for me.  Had to switch back to Seroquel.   Looking at taking Latuda.  
So I get on this shot to control my bleeding since I was going on vacation and I didn 't want to be on my period while on vacation. I was so crazy to get on this shot because my tubes are tied but my period was out of control so I got on the shot. Why did I do this to myself. I took my first shot on 9/11/15 started bleeding 10/14/15 I kept bleeding so I called the doctor to ask her what to do she said to take 4 ibuprofen pills 3 times a day and it should slow it down... Nope never stopped so I decided to get another shot... What was I thinking doing that... To this day 12/12/15 I 'M STILL BLEEDING SINCE 10/14/15 my attitude is thru the roof, my marriage is suffering, I 'm depressed cuz I 've gained so much weight, I have constant headaches, etc
A lot of people are not bothered by this, but I sure was. Chilled it, and used a straw, and sucked ona lemon. Managed to get the first dose down, although it took longer. The 2nd dose, at 3 a.m. did me in. I could only manage about 70% of it. I got nauseated and didn 't want to throw up what I had already gotten down, plus I ran out of time to drink the water after. I ended up failing my colonoscopy-what a waste of everyone 's time. Plus, I was still having episodes of diarrhea andwas so afraid I 'd poop my pants at the endoscopy center. Everyone there was great, but the suprep was a nasty experience. I will never do it again. If you have a hard time drinking or gulping fluid, andare usually just a sipper, beware......
Fever chills fatigue headache pounding heartbeat chest pains and ached all over- I will never take this again!
Did nothing for my pain from fibromyalgia &amp; I have chronic pain. Gave me the most intense headaches lasting all day &amp; night! And a rash on my arms where you bend your arms. Other areas too.
If I could give this birth control a 0 I would. I have been taking it for about 5 months and I 've been on my period probably half of those 5 months. Please tell me what is the point in even being on birth control if you are bleeding all the time. No one wants to have sex when your bleeding ever single day. Also this month I havnt gotten a period, thanks birth control. Also, I 've been so bloated all the time &amp; get sick if I don 't take my pill with food.
Hi everyone,  My new name is Misery... because ever since I got this nexplanon Implant 7 months ago that is what I have been. I have gained 30lbs and went from a size 5 in jeans to a size 8. My hips hurts and feet hurt which didn&rsquo;t start until I gained the weight from the implant. My mood is awful, I have zero energy and I got stretch marks on my arm in the area that I got the implant. My other arm is fine and I&rsquo;m just literally depressed right now. I get this horrible implant taken out next week &amp; I cannot wait to get back to my regular self and try to lose all this weight. 1:10 do NOT recommend especially if you Have the tendency to gain weight easily. Yours truly, Misery
This has been the most painful 2 years of my life. Every month, a week before my period, I get debilitating pain that will limit my ability to walk. I bleed for 8 days, terrible cramping and bloating, I I need to change a super tampon every other hours on the worst day, it is awful. I was told it would get better, have been to my OB at least 5 times about it in the last 2 years and I just can 't anymore. If you like pain and torture- get this.  I mean, I haven 't gotten pregnant so it works, but I would rather a baby than this.
Probably the worst medication I 've ever taken.   It had very little effect on my prostate but gave me swollen sinuses, blurry vision, fatigue, muscular weakness, retrograde ejaculation and no ejaculation.
I was diagnosed with endometriosis during an appendectomy, but due to cluster headaches hormones were contraindicated. Eventually Lupron was advised. My mom, who NEVER had any menstrual cramps, told me horror stories and I reacted as usual and agreed to the Lupron injections, and I have lived to regret it. Like so many others, I had severe menopausal symptoms,  mood swings that made my fiance think I was bipolar, and attempted suicide twice in a 3 month period, which is very unlike me. It caused weight gain, which I 'd never had, and threw me into early menopause at the age of 46, 8 years after treatment. Now I 'm suffering from acute hypertension and I 'm at risk for a stroke, which can 't be attributed to anything else. But hey, no cramps!
nothing better after 2 days, still coughing a lot
Final update - see previous postings.  My A1c went up to 7.9. It is clear that it did very little for me in retrospect.  My good A1c of 6.0 and weight loss was from following Paleo plan (low carb) fairly strictly.  I went back to eating carbs and my A1c jacked up and so did my weight.  My dr. took me off Bydureon and I have started slow acting insulin.  Hope you have better results!  Good luck.
I was on Yaz for almost 3 years. At first it REALLY helped with the symptoms of my PCOS....I had gained so much weight before starting the pill and my ache was horrible. When I got on the pill, acne went away...my weight started to slowly decrease. Now, however I 've been on it for 2 years and all I can say is that it made me feel worse. My weight still has not dropped off (after diets and exercise) I got headaches and I 'm always so tender now. I 've developed GERD, which I never had a problem with before I started the Yaz. I recently JUST stopped taking it and now that I 'm NOT on it I feel more in control over my thoughts and I started noticing roller coaster patterns in my moods from when I was on the Yaz. However I 'm summing up.
It was fine at first, but about halfway through the month it gave me intense nausea, so bad I couldn 't go to work or even stand up without throwing up/dry heaving. It wasn 't even great for my acne. It stopped a little bit of my acne (bad flareups) but I still had constant pimples all over my chin. At pretty much the same rate as I 'd had before. 
This birth control made me miserable. I could not even take it for one whole week. Immediately after taking it I started to feel sick. I had a headache every day after starting to take this pill. It made me feel tired, lazy, depressed. It seriously made me feel like I was pregnant all over again!!! I also felt really bloated right after taking it. My pharmacist recommended it because my new insurance wouldn 't cover my old bc Pimtrea. They said it would be basically the same and it definitely was not. I know everyones body responds differently but this one has been the worst for me. I have been taking birth control for 15 years and this is the only one that has ever made me feel sick.
I took 1/2 of a 5MG tablet - 2.5 MG of this sent me into the abyss. I was suicidal for most of the day just barely holding on. The only thing keeping me from calling family for help was knowing it was the medication and not really me. I just had to wait for it to leave my system.
When I started this I was 135 pounds. When ended this I was 198 pounds. Went to the gym all the time, ate healthy and didn 't eat fats and I still gained. And this was not working to stop me from sleeping too much. I was also on Seroquel that made me sleep like 12 to 14 hours. When the doctor took me off this I went from 198 and now I am 145 and went off Seroquel. Now I don 't sleep too much.
I started taking Hydralazine 25 mg approximately 4 weeks ago. Friday night while taking my hair down, I noticed quite a bit of my hair was falling out. When I got it all down, I realized it was short... boy short. I am so upset. I threw the medicine away. I 'll just have to find something else to make my blood pressure go down. Gee whiz. 
I used Flomax for about 2 yrs. I woke up every hour to pee and could not wait, lack of sleep was making me tried and sleepy every morning. I lost the ability to hold back urine and wet my pants twice before quitting. I never saw any improvement with my symptoms %u2013 low flow, hard to start flow, stopped and started each time.
I can fall asleep very easily, but my problem is staying asleep.  Not only did this product keep me awake all night, but I woke up with a severe headache, stomach cramps, dizziness, and grogginess the entire next day.  I felt like I was hungover.  Never again.  I 'm sticking to Z-Quil.
Day 2 on Skelaxin following a fall which resulted in a rotator cuff injury and deep  gashes on my arm. I feel not a bit of relief from this combined with Mobil for the rotator cuff and Keflex for the open wounds. Better relief from 600/800 mg ibuprofen but worried about stomach side effects of taking that much.
While I was taking Evoxac I hadsevere body odor, and my genitals smelled like onion. I tried everything to clear it up, over several years and nothing helped. The day I stopped taking Evoxac, the condition cleared up immediately. For the last 10 days it has not returned. I 'm grateful my new doctor refused to subscrjibe a refill for Evoxac when I requested it. She told me the side effect was fatigue and she asked me to try other ways to address my dry mouth. After I stopped taking it, I noticed the very next day, for the first time in years, my strange body odor was gone.  I do not recommend this drug for anyone who cares about how they smell &quot;down there.&quot;
This poison never helped my anxiety or depression. I am currently weaning off &amp; it is HELL. I do not recommended this med. I 've also lost 1/2 my hair in the 6 months I 've been on it. Only 22 years old.
I 'm 17 and I got skyla put in 8 months ago and it 's been bad ever since. It didn 't help my period at all. I still get awful cramps and it has made my period last at least two weeks sometimes longer! I 've been back to the doctor three times since insertion and they have found nothing wrong with it. I 'm scheduling my appointment to get it taken out this week. I 'd rather have to worry about taking the pill every day instead of paying so much for pads and tampons every month!
After having to pay a but load out of pocket for this i slowly found out it was not for me. It put me in a hyper-manic state. Had to constantly be moving. Would wake up every morning at 7 am, when the sunlight started peaking in my room, regardless of what time I was finally able to pass out. And worst of all, it caused me to have problems using the restroom. No matter how hard I tried or what I did it made me not able to urinate. Some meds don 't work on some people as they should.
Weight gain, bloating, severe acne, stretch marks everywhere, mood swings, heavy periods with really bad period symptoms, a lot of spotting, depression. Would not recommend to anyone
Didn 't help at all.
I was diagnosed with ADHD late and started Strattera about a year ago. When one gets a diagnosis like this late in life, one contemplates missed opportunities along the way, so I was very hopeful at the beginning. My insurance balked, because it was only approved for children, but eventually, I started it. A year later, I stopped. I don 't know what the reasons are, but I felt no effects whatsoever. I stopped about a month ago, and never even noticed anything since stopping. I know doctors don 't want to prescribe amphetamines or opiates or anything which has even the slightest risk of dependency. Fine. Then what? And what is out there for adults with ADHD?
My husband 's doctor put him on this last month.  Nothing she has put him on for depression/anxiety has worked. So she decided to try this, while she titrated him off Effexor.  Huge mistake!  He 's worse than ever.  Debating whether he should be admitted somewhere.  He has been having brain &quot;zaps,&quot;  nightmares, loss of appetite, nausea, suicidal ideation. 
Put on Tikosyn (while in hospital) for 24 hours post cardiac ablation for A-fib.  Doctors did not like the looks of the QT wave after 12 hours and reduced dosage by half.  Doctors were still alarmed with EKG results after reduced dosage and 12 more hours; discontinued medication at that time.  Next time someone tells me they want to put me on a medication so scary it requires extra days in the Hospital, more blood tests and EKGs in the middle of the night - and the possibility it could cause sudden cardiac arrest and death...... Decline!  Just sayin.
I have used this medication for 8 months, very expensive and doesn 't work. My infected  toenails are exactly the same. FDA approved medication ?????
i was so excited about it at first and I am on day 5 of the trial.  I do not feel a difference.  I don 't feel that it takes my appetite away at all.  Am I doing something wrong?  I want it to work very badly.  I take one in morning and the other around 3:00pm.  I walk for an hour everyday after work also. 
I cried all the time! I was taking it for depression, but I became so sad while taking this because when I talked to my children I cried, when I was alone or with family, it didn 't matter what was going on I CRIED! Needless to say I was switched to another med! Lol!
I was prescribed Geodon two weeks ago for psychotic episodes that I have as a result of my Bipolar 1 disorder. In short, I am absolutely horrified at what Geodon has done to my body in the small time that I have been taking it. It has made my hallucinations worse, my Bipolar disorder worse (which was fine with the help of Lamictal), and it made my suicidal thoughts worse. I blacked out and self-harmed for the first time in over a year since I began taking this medication.I had to call a pharmacist to work out an emergency titration schedule which did me little good since I started IMMEDIATELY withdrawing from the 40 mg capsules. It was the worst withdrawal symptoms I have ever experienced. Please be careful before taking Geodon.
Instant burning and itching as soon as the applicator was inserted!!!!! Do not use! I 've had a yi before and usually get a medicine prescribed by my doctor however, I figured I 'd save some money and just grab an otc. Terrible decision!! I 'll be at the doctors office tomorrow and monistat will be in the garbage! The pain was worse than the yi itself. It literally feels like I 'm itching out of my skin!
I didn 't last a full week with this prescription, despite the fact that I was given three months worth. Within just a period of a couple days, I was nauseous, dizzy, it gave me diarrhea, and it made me irritable and tired. I was so sick to my stomach, that even though food smelled good, it instantly made me sick to my stomach. Too high dosage for me.
I was in the Emergency Room for a kidney stone and was given a couple medications in my IV. I told the nurse that I was becoming very nauseous and needed something to prevent myself from vomiting. She came back with a syringe and thought it was Zofran. The nurse began pushing the medication and said that she was administering Reglan. About 2 minutes later, my chest felt extremely tight, I couldn 't stop moving my legs or hold still. I had an extreme urge to rip my IV out and run... and run... and run... I had a feeling of anxiety unlike anything I have ever felt before. It wasn 't your typical  'butterflies ', this was like I wanted to escape my skin or just end it all right there. I would much rather be dead than to feel the way Reglan felt.
This is the worst generic pill I have ever taken. My cycle was extremely heavy, I have gained five pounds in three days while on this pill which is very depressing. I have not been very happy on the pill during the month and a half I have been on it. I am switching back to an older pill I took.
Now, I 'm not saying no one should use this contraceptive as the effects it has on people varies with some having no problems at all. My experience with the implant is one I wish to forget as it was very unpleasant. The only positive is that it did its job and prevented me from getting pregnant and the negatives are the side effects I faced with it: Constant pain in my arm where the implant had been inserted, depression, low and agitated mood...they were the main ones. I had to put up with it for six months, because the doctors refused to remove it and gave me the combined pill to help me with my depression, but it worsened it. It is out now and I do feel better, my arm doesn 't ache anymore. Having it put in is a big regret for me.
I received one shot and was told I couldn 't have another for 6 months.  It 's been 3 weeks with no relief from the pain.  I am still limping significantly.  Hoping it is just a matter of waiting longer for it to take effect.
I was prescribed Tramadol after wrist surgery because I had an allergic reaction to Vicodin.  Unfortunately, it seems I cannot tolerate very many medications.  Tramadol barely dulled my pain, and it did not even help me sleep.  Instead, I developed nausea and dizziness the day after taking it.  At first I didn 't connect the nausea and dizziness to Tramadol until several months later when I took it again for severe wrist and back pain and had the same reaction the day after taking it.  I wish it would work for my pain, but it seems I only get the negative side effects.
Stated taking Lexapro 10/22/2015. Immediately afterward, could not achieve an erection or an orgasm.
I have had this implant for 8 months now. I have had one normal period, my 2nd month. Since then I spotted for months on end plus a period that starts very very heavy (heavier than before I ever took any birth control). I have one week a month with no period, at best. It obviously sucks bleeding all the time. I might get it taken out. My doctor originally said it would take about 6 months to regulate in most people, some women don 't have periods at all, etc. I guess I am not those women! I never got my period on my old pill, might be time to switch back to a crappy daily method. :(
Awful side effects- insomnia, unable to stop body from jerking, mind racing, food cravings and WEIGHT GAIN.
I started taking this a week ago and I have also been very sleepy. I had about 12 hours asleep and felt the need to take a nap that afternoon. I also have been feeling like my ovaries were tender and somewhat sore. It 's not very painful but uncomfortable. I was also very moody.
A couple of weeks after taking Vraylar I started noticing that (as having Bipolar 2) my moods weren 't really changing. Finally, sometime near the third week, I started noticing that I was pacing, couldn 't seem to concentrate on anything, and had a hard time simply sitting down. I realized that it was making me manic. I DO NOT AT ALL would want anyone else to take this if anyone notices these side effects. I am going to stop it immediately, I nearly had a breakdown. Could not stop crying. Also going to talk to my doctor about it, but I can 't continue it. I wasn 't even paying for it because I was taking a sampler, and my doctor was going to give me a voucher to see if my insurance would take it.
Due to thyroidectomy I am hypo thyroid .While on synthroid I felt awful. High anxiety, quick to anger. Definitely did not like this drug. I like levoxly and naturethroid. Doing better. Keep trying other meds if you feel awful.
After 4 years of taking Trospium doctor tried me on Flomax. Not only did it not work I expereinced terrible side effects including racing heart for 3 hours each day, sweating, heavy legs, stomach upset, lightheadness and shaking. Also went from not having to get up at all during the night to needing to get up and urinate 2-3 times each night. Now going back on the trospium
I took BuSpar for a few days for Generalized Anxiety Disorder, but it cause a &quot;tic&quot; in my eye. My eyelid would flicker uncontrollably every once in a while. Apparently this is pretty serious, and can actually be permanent even after ending the medication, which was very scary. Luckily for me, the tic went away when I stopped taking it.
I&rsquo;d been taking Gianvi for years without any issues then my pharmacy randomly switched me to Nikki. I&rsquo;ve been using it for the last 2 months and since I&rsquo;ve started using it, I&rsquo;ve had frequent migraines, mood swings, acne, and weight gain. None of these occurred while taking Gianvi.
This is Michael 's daughter Elyssa.  I am his voice now since he was misdiagnosed with double pneumonia and given Levaquin.  IT KILLED HIM.  What more do you need to know?  Don 't take it.  
I guess I 'm sitting here looking for help to get down the second bottle. The first I took slow with a lot of little sips and a water chaser in between, but for this one, I 'm gagging and throwing up every drink. I 'm never doing this again.
Say No To Depo!Say No To Depo!Say No To Depo!Say No To Depo!Worse experience of my life! been off for almost a yr and im still bleeding, body seems like it just want return back to normal. That stuff is poison!. I will never get back on Any birth control don 't care what it is
I woke up in the morning with redness at the site and a very slight bump that I could tell would soon form into a blister. I immediately applied Abreva to the site as instructed, and continued re-applying every 40 minutes or so within 3 hours the cold sore erupted into a full blown multi-blister sore. I quickly removed what ever was there and began to apply Zovirax. I have used it before but wanted to give Abreva a try. I WILL THROW AWAY WHATEVER I HAVE BOUGHT AND WILL NEVER USE ABREVA Again. It literally made it 100 times worse.
I took this three days ago and was up all night. I didn 't make the connection as I had a cup of coffee later in the evening than I normally would. I took another Xyzal the following day. I still have not slept. I have been up for 3 nights!!! I have a heavy duty sleeping pill that I am going to take tonight and I 'm hoping that will be the end of it. I can 't imagine it would take longer than 72 hours to make its way out of my system. If you are someone who experiences these types symptoms with certain medications, avoid Xyzal.
I 'm a guy and my girlfriend used this product and...woow.  She is in so much pain.  She is crying, and yelling and.... Just too much.  I have to work in the morning.  The medicine is so much worst than the actual yeast infection. What can I do.  By reading this she found comfort she wasn 't the only one. Hope you ladies vagina 's are doing better!!
Day two... I have taken 2 gel caps and it has not helped. Itchy roof of mouth. Unable to breathe through my nose, it is completely stopped up. Symptoms are worse than yesterday. Eyes are red, itchy and teary. I a cannot sleep. I do not recommend.
Side effects: extreme dry mouth, nausea.
This birth control was horrible for my acne. Painful cysts i 've never had before were popping up on my chin, cheeks, and forehead...places I 've never had bad acne! I 've been on it for two months and started seeing the effects about 3 weeks ago. I 'm going back to Ortho Tri-cyclen next week because that worked wonders for my face. 
Started on Jolessa over a year ago. It caused me to have acne. I have to use a daily face wash now, and I 've never had to do that before. Also the bleeding is really bad. Every time I finish the last 2 weeks of the second month, my period comes. Some days it 's heavy, some days it 's light, and it typically lasts until I start a new pack. I have to keep a ready stock of pads available at all times. The longest the period lasted was almost 3 months. My doctor decided I should go back to Seasonique. I only changed because of the co-pay difference. It 's worth paying the extra $40 to me. I am on my last week and a 1/2 of Jolessa and I can 't wait to get the new pill and be done with this one. I won 't ever take it again.
My gynecologist gave me this pill to &quot;regulate my hormones (periods)&quot; and it was the worst decision ever. I ended up quitting the pill after I reached a month because it gave me THE WORST ACNE OF MY LIFE (which I 'm still suffering from a month after quitting), mood swings, depression, and HORRIBLE BLOATING! And I have suffered from acne all my teen years (17 now) but it was regular hormonal kind of acne I would get during that time of the month. I actually had pretty bad acne earBut the acne I have now is on a whole other level.. And to top it all off, the pill didn 't even do what it was supposed to do. I didn 't get my period while on this pill and now I have regular period again. I wish I would 've never taken this pill!!!!!
I got all 5 shots about 4 months ago.  I had relief from pain for about 2 weeks, now my knee hurts as much as it did before the shots.
I&rsquo;ve been on this for a little over a month. I thought I was going crazy until I realized it was the BC. It made me extremely depressed and irritable. I&rsquo;m already on lexapro for depression and was doing fine. I have not wanted to do anything but sleep and eat. I 'm not one to be lazy and I haven&rsquo;t been able to make myself do anything. I cannot curb my appetite, therefore I&rsquo;ve gained prob 10 lbs in a month.  I definitely do not recommend this for anyone that may be susceptible to depression. It took away my sex drive as well. Yes, I didn&rsquo;t have a period which was nice but totally not worth the weight and craziness.
No antidepressants were working for me so the dr. Put me on brintellix. Diarrhea started three hours after first dose and continued for 12 days. I was on the medication 16 days total. By day 4 I had involuntary muscle twitches which turned into head jerking. By day 14 I had my first seizure while driving then had another seizure at work which caused me to lose my job yesterday (liability issues). This was a scary medicine for me and I 'm more depressed now because I lost my job on account of it.
This is the worst birth control experience I 've ever had.  I was on Quasense for three years, but stopped when breakthrough started to occur.  I am on these medications for birth control, but also to manage excessively heavy and painful periods.I started Apri on the first day of my period.  I then bled for 12 days, followed by five days of horrible discharge.  I stopped Apri 12 days into the pack after experiencing ridiculous weight gain (My diet did NOT change.) headaches, outrageous mood swings, anxiety, full body pain, cramping, muscle spasms in my neck and severe fatigue.  It is now day 18, (five days off the pill) and I 'm still bleeding and dealing with tremendous mood swings.  I have gained what looks like 20 or so pounds.  
I started the patch 2 days ago. I thought it was fine and everything. My doctor didn 't tell me the side effects of tell me I would have any at all. Past 2 days I haven 't had any other symptoms but this past moring I woke up and I couldn 't handle it. I tried to stay asleep but I felt like I had to throw up. I got up and ran to the bathroom and puked for a good 10 minutes. Now I know why I had so many headaches. Glad I quit before it got worse tho. I don 't like it and I wouldn 't recommend it.
While this does stop my migraine, after I started taking relpax, almost immediately I started having daily migraines. For over a year, I had a migraine every single day and would have to take another relpax. A friend told me to stop taking them because they were causing rebound headaches. I switched to another medication and only used very little of it along with a hydrocodone to wean off the relpax. Long story short,  I haven 't had a migraine since I stopped the relpax.
Made me a complete zombie. Threw them out.
My girlfriend struggles with IBS-C (constipation) and after trying milk of magnesia and a high fiber diet for 2 days with no success, turned to Dulcolax 's version of this drug. She took 2 pills at 10pm and at 5am she woke me up saying she felt like she was dying with cold sweats, nausea, and no bowel movement. Her cramps lasted a little over a  hour (till they fully subsided). We won 't be going with this drug anymore which barely caused a bowel movement the next day. Definitely not for the faint of heart.
I was diagnosed by a sleep specialist a month ago with narcolepsy. I started with 150mg dose but saw no improvement with wakefulness or ability to sleep, which was my main concern. After discussion I was put onto a 250mg dose which as of yet still hasn 't anything. 
My daughter started taking Focalin XR 15mg in the morning and 10mg in the afternoon. This medicine does not seem to be helping at all and her behavior is worse than ever to the point that we cannot handle her and she almost had to be hospitalized for the second time within a 2 week span.
This stuff is garbage. If you have real pain,  you might as well take aspirin instead of this.  This stuff probably works great for those other nerve pain ailments like fibromyalgia and the like but don 't expected it to do anything for other types of chronic pain.
My doctor switched me from Asacol (which was working very well) to Lialda and the results were horrible.  When I started having bad flare ups my gastroenterologist had no clue what do do.  She put me on Remicade over 16 months with no results and I was miserable.  When I suggested that perhaps it was the Lialda that was causing the problems she stated that that was &quot;not likely&quot;.  Well, after about two years of misery and being back on steroids, I switched doctors - a guy who came highly recommended. After a heart to heart consultation with him, he stated he had some patients who did not do well with Lialda and decided to take me off that medication immediately. Within three weeks I was off steroids, back to using Asacol and life is now okay.
My insurance company just switched me from Ortho-tricyclen to Tri-Previfem. This is my second month on it. My period usually lasted for 3 days also. This time it 's been 5 days. And in the past 2 days, I 've had a lot of bleeding. I 've gone through over 10 pads already today. I will stop taking it and try to go back to Ortho Tri-Cyclen. I 'd been on Ortho Tri-cyclen for many years and never had any side-effect.
It attacked my joints and could not walk for weeks . It 's been 4 months and I can 't use my shoulders .
I usually get cold sores twice a year, but this year they 've appeared way more. I usually have Valtrex and they dissapeared in hours, but this time I had run out of them. So when i first noticed a single blister between my lip and chin I run to the pharmacy to buy Abreva. I applied it as indicated and sadly it didn 't work for me at all. It might work for some as medicines are like that, but for me it didn 't do anything at all.
If anybody has input that would be great.. I took klonopin for anxiety disorder. It made me have no appetite, stay wide awake at night, feel superior to anybody else. Honestly felt fantastic and I was losing weight. A week or so later I broke down in major tears, had to leave work. On the way home had a bad panic attack. Went to the hospital where I was prescribed ativan. I 've never had an issue since and I only take it when I feel anxious. It was the weirdest experience ever and the doctors can 't explain it.
After 10 day dosage I developed severe diarrhea with bloody stools.(C-diff) Went to ER and was diagnosed with c-diff. Have been I 'll ever since and am now lactose intolerant.  Took metronidazole for 14 days but still have symptoms .  Horrible experience.
Worst Birth control ever! My first month 2 months were great no period mild bloating a little weight gain and my boobs went up an entire cup size(No issues with this)...Although I did start my period halfway through the second pack and it lasted for 28 days! And my symptoms were terrible I was so depressed and bloated the first 3 weeks of bleeding and then the last week I became extremely light headed and vomited at the smell of anything. I went in to see my Dr wanting to get answered and he had me stop taking it right away explaining due to the bleeding my iron had dropped dangerously low! And it was all thanks to this birth control. I have tried plenty of birth controls in the past and never had anything like this happen!
Had the implant for 40 days then had it removed. The whole 40 days I had continuous bleading and spontaneous cramping. It cost me $170 with insurance for removal and the doctor had a nasty attitude because I disregarded his suggestion to leave it in..he said it can take up to 8 months for my body to adapt and stop bleeding..I am 30 and have a husband I absolutely cannot wait that long and I don 't know how healthy bleeding for 8 months really is
I have been off skyla for almost 6 months, and my periods are just starting to regulate again so I know this is a sign of my body starting to regulate again also from not being on this birth control anymore. I am also losing weight since gaining almost 15 lbs in the 3 months I was on skyla, and my acne is under control again and I am no longer depressed. I am birth control free and feeling 100%. This birth control did not work for me but it doesn 't mean it can 't work for you. Everyone is different!
I 've used Concerta for 5 years and loved the improvements at first - I became successful, in perfect shape, and did most things extraordinarily well.  My life did a complete 180.  Once unfocused, unmotivated and disorganized, I transformed to near perfection in everything I did.  The price you pay for perfection - I 've lost my friends and my social abilities.  I used to be fun and full of life!  You begin to seclude yourself because you are too focused, too mechanical.  You lose weight because your appetite goes away and you are indeed anorexic.  I couldn 't sleep, had extreme anxiety, headaches, dry mouth, highs and lows....I can go on and on.  It changes you and you may think it 's great but ultimately you lose yourself in the process.
The MOST ridiculous packaging I have ever had to deal with. I finally got a pair of scissors and cut them out one at a time, the put them in container. A total pain.
This medication does not work for my anxiety on it 's own. My Doctor had me on Klonopin along with Buspar and I was doing great. Well since the government added their new laws he took the Klonopin away from me so my anxiety is back full force and he won 't give me anything else to treat my anxiety. I think that is wrong.
I 've been on the depo shot for a month and a half and I have not quit bleeding since I got the shot sex life has been ruined I 'm calling the gyno tomorrow.
Terrible. Felt like I had the worst case of the flu- couldn 't move from the waist down, headache, lack of appetite. 
Taking 20mg of Ritalin three times per day for my ADHD symptoms was less effective than taking regular caffeine.
I started it a month and half ago and I am experiencing really bad headaches and stomach aches, but this I believe is quite normal when you start out on birth control. But one thing is my acne. (Or red spots) I had really good clear skin with an occasional breakout maybe a couple times a month, but nothing bad at all. And now that I 'm taking lutera, I 've formed these really itchy red spots all over my cheeks and forehead. It feels and looks like cystic acne and I hate it. I 'm considering switching.
I have just taken the nuvaring out (cannot get hold of doctor until monday) as the first month on it I found my mood changed. Got very angry arguing with my SO and blowing up over very minute things. Thought I 'd try for a second month but within 2 days I found myself emotional waking up crying for no reason irritable depressed.  So on my day I will go back to the drawing board with my doctor. Apart from the mods I 've had no other symptoms but the are too server for me to deal with.
Ineffective med that resulted in extreme weight loss and made cognition practically impossible so I did not pass my oral exam before nor was I even able to understand the questions my graduate committee members were asking.  I got off of it at that point then went from a 28&quot; waist back to a 32&quot;.
Horrible side effects.  I was suddenly filled with aggression and rage after taking it. I was so irritated that I had to tell the doctor to give me something to calm me down before I ripped out my IV.  Not something you want to deal with during a migraine.
Dr gave this drug to my 8 yr old autistic son to help him with his fear of people. Within one month of taking it daily he went from severely underweight to severely obese without having eaten more! 3 years later he is still chunky even though he stopped taking it after one month! It ruined his metabolism and made his extremely irritated when he was on it. Will never recommend this drug unles you like weight gain.
I have been on this pill for a month and gained 12lbs! I went from 135lbs to 147lbs and I look like I am 6 months pregnant! I am constantly hungry and I continue my workout regiment but I have decided this is simply not worth looking and feeling like the good year blimp!
I am always bleeding between periods, I&rsquo;ve also gained 15 pounds and on a skinny girl it&rsquo;s very noticeable! My acne hasn&rsquo;t got worse or better. And now I&rsquo;m not getting my period when I should be. I am experiencing depression where I don&rsquo;t want to be around anyone I don&rsquo;t want to eat because I&rsquo;m gaining so much weight I&rsquo;m stuck in my head and lashing out at people. I&rsquo;m not my normal self. I wish I found a pill that rids my acne and doesn&rsquo;t affect my weight or sex drive..
The insertion was excruciating. The entire time I had it, I felt a dull pain localized to my cervix (I couldn 't even touch my cervix because it would send a shooting pain up my uterus). It made sex impossible because my partner would feel the strings, I would get sharp shooting pains during penetration, and my natural lubrication was non-existent. I would bleed after sex and have cramps for days afterwards, with sharp localized pain. Three months in, it travelled upwards and I got it removed. I 've been bleeding for two weeks now, with huge blood clots and soaking through super tampons in less than two hours. I 've been breaking out.
Used in conjunction with having a spinal tap during artery disease surgery nursing staff referred to my experience upon awaking in recovery as &quot;NITE TERRORS&quot; I had horrific hallucinations of violently spinning photo graphs that made me scream, cry huge tears, yell obscenities, repeatedly say I wanted to kill myself, or die, and yelling I would be afraid to go to sleep again.  Nurses had to take my face and tell me over and over it would be over soon.  Had I not had a spinal and couldn 't move I fear I would have deliberately hurt myself.
On it for a month, became extremely depressed and had suicidal thoughts.
I used Vigamox for cataract surgery.  It has serious side effects that even doctors are unaware of.  I got ringing in my ears and tingling in my hands feet and legs.  I also got leg pain.  The tingling is a symptom that a irreversible peripheral neuropathy may start to occur.  Six weeks later I still have the ringing in my ears and tingling. If you get any tingling - stop this drug immediately.
I was able to avoid most of the gastrointestinal side effects by taking my pill about an hour or two after eating. After week 1, my psoriasis seemed to get more ashy than red. The patches became very itchy, but I felt that the medication might be working. That was the furthest extent of any clearing for me. By week 2, I was feeling depressed with anxiety that I couldn 't seem to shake. Around week 3, my anxiety was getting so overwhelming that I called my doctor to tell him that I couldn 't take the medication anymore. If you still want try Otezla and your insurance doesn 't cover it, you should be able to work through your doctor to potentially get 2-week supplies directly from the manufacturer while your doctor is submitting an appeal.
I have had the Nexplanon for about 4 months now. I was not bleeding for the first couple of weeks, but ever since then I have not stopped bleeding. I have had a period for almost 4 months. I told my doctor and she put me on the birth control pills as well to stop the bleeding. It only stopped for a couple of days and came right back. I have the worst mood swings and cramps ever. I am going to get it taken out very soon.
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE,Don 't take this medicine. Started it on Sat and now it 's Wed, I 'm still soaking in hot baths 3 to 4 times a day.. The itch, burning and swelling was sooooo bad, My vag was twice it 's size. I 'm still discharging this stuff and it 's 5:43 a.m. Horrible this should be taking off the market or off the shelf until the formula is recalculated
I took this pill one day and that was all I needed to, I took it at 5:30 pm and was fine, until I wanted to sleep. I tossed and turned all night, my heart racing, I was literally so tired but my mind just would not shut down. Those things they call brain zaps are terrifying, DO NOT TAKE THIS.
I have been on Aviane for two months now. I 'll be starting my third month in about a week. I have noticed a huge difference in my appetite. I 've usually only eaten a snack after school and dinner but lately I seem to always have food in my mouth and I eat huge amounts. My stomach is constantly bloated. My mood recently started to change, I always feel down and in a &quot;I hate everything&quot; mood. I am normally a very happy non stop laughing person but now its an effort to smile. I 've also experienced extreme fatigue, I have no energy for anything and all I ever seem to do is cry. I hope none of you are experiencing this.
This drug is very dangerous.  Post-finasteride syndrome is very real and has destroyed my life along with thousands of others.All 5ar inhibitors need to be banned, they are not safe, period.
I was on this drug for 6 years. I experienced some serious side effects, such as somnolence and vivid nightmares, which at the beginning I wrote off as getting adjusted to the medications I was taking and coming to terms with everything that happened before my diagnosis (Bipolar II). Years went on and it didn 't get better. About 3 years in, I started developing a tic. I went to my doctor to discuss coming off the medication, I started sliding back into a full relapse. My doctor advised that I should go back on the medication, which I did. Back in February of this year (2017) I was completely fed up with never feeling like I slept long enough, the nightmares, and the tic, and came off of it. I haven 't felt better in a long time.
I got Skyla inserted like 4 months ago and to be quite honest, my periods can go from like 10-12 days at a time with horrendous contraction-like cramps and also I get these cramps even when I 'm not on my period it really sucks! I actually went to the Gyno yesterday to talk to her about having it removed and she seemed mad and just annoyed with my whole story about how much pain I 'm in and just everything. It just really offended me to the point to where I was like never mind about having it removed, cause she just thought it was no big deal and that it takes a full 6 months to get used to... She also told me that it 's not supposed to make you gain weight but you see I 've tried to lose weight and I just can 't for some reason but idk any help
Made me feel totally disconnected from social interaction,life,etc. its like it closed my head in.
I got the Mirena in 2013, like most of the reviews the insertion was relatively pain free.Then the bleeding began, this is a progesterone only birth control and guess what progesterone does? It assists in shedding the line of you uterus. You know all those annoying side effects of menstruation, bloating, bleeding(Obviously), cravings, and water retention. Well multiply that by 10 and you have the side effects of Mirena. And since there is no break in you now 3 month long period, you start gaining weight and never ever able to lose.  I have had two kids and have successfully lost the weight for both, easy. Just don 't . Oh they charge for the ultrasound separately to verify it is safe, WTF!!!
Let 's talk about my sickness first. I was dipping my self into a freezing water pool for approximately 5 minutes  a day. The next morning I felt the weather is so much colder so I knew its a fever. I 'm very healthy person my body I make sure that my body is clean, I drink a lot of water and cleaning drinks so my stomach is always clean. The doctor prescriped me fevadol and omnicef.Omnicef experience were horrible. Very bad diarrhea every 15 minutes or so even if there is nothing in my body. I couldn 't sleep for more than 24 hours with complete alertness and no feeling of exhaustion. eating it without food will make it worse. I used it for 2 days only.Dosage was 1 300mg twice a day.I got Dizziness, back pain, headache and diarrhea.
So horrible.  Took 10 mg at 10.  Still awake at 11: 30.  Took 10 mg more and finally fell asleep at 12:30.  Woke up at 3, super tired but unable to go to sleep.  Side effects are a major headache in left side of head and super groggy because your tired but can 't sleep.
I&rsquo;m 20 years old and this is my first yeast infection. Let me tell you guys I wish I  never ever get a yeast infection again in my life!!! I went in to the E.R due to being super itchy down there and they prescribed this to me due to having a YI. It&rsquo;s my first day taking it and I am so itchy it&rsquo;s crazy!!  It doesn&rsquo;t burn but I just it is just the itch!!!!! I&rsquo;m crying !!! I don&rsquo;t know how I will get through this. It&rsquo;s barely my first day out of 7! Good luck to anyone  using this! I would recommend avoiding  this and asking your dr is there is something else you can take.
EXTREME nausea and vomiting after only one day.
Mom took it for years and it caused her to have dementia!!  Do not take it long term!!!!!
After taking Amitriptyline (sp), Ambien, trazadone, gabapentin &amp; several others over the years for Insomnia my Dr. gave me a sample pack of Belsomra. It didn 't help at all. It was like I didn 't take anything. Hopefully they will come out with something that actually works.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT!!!I have Rosacea sub type1. Tested this product on my left cheek so i could compare left from right. Worked great for the first few hours. Then all hell brakes loose. It made my flush to the extreme! Purple red color. Stopped using the product after 2 weeks. This was all about a year and a half ago. To this day the left side of my face where i applied the mirvaso is more red and more easily irritated than the right side.
I took this medicine two days ago. The first day I took it around 8pm and couldn 't fall asleep until 3am. I also experienced clenching my teeth that night and it made me so irritable. I noticed my stomach making funny sounds and I took it with a full glass of water and with food  The next morning I woke up with a horrible headache. I had an upset stomach and my jaw was so sore. I felt very nauseated and that passed after about three hours. Around 3pm I took it again since I knew it kept me up. I hardly ate at all that day due to feeling so sick. Around 7pm I felt like I might be hungry. I went to get fries. When I ate the fries they tasted different.  Pristiq made me so sick and made stuff taste different. 
The amount of characters I can type is limited but my story is long, so I 'll shorten it for you. I 've almost had the injection for a full year. I have also almost had my period for a full year, August will be the anniversary, and also when I give up on this birth control. Not spotting, a full on period. Upon receiving my last shot, the technician severed a nerve, I 've never had a good experience with the administration of this injection. If I do not strictly work out based on how much I eat every single day, I begin to gain immediately. I also have extreme, very extreme body odor, vaginal, oral, the worst is under my arms. It also completely ruined my libido. From start to finish, the experience has been nothing but awful.
My mother started taking this medicine to help with her fibromyalgia and depression. A few weeks after she started taking it, she developed pain and stiffness (a rare side effect) in her right calf. (This was different from her fibromyalgia pain. Blood clots and various other problems were ruled out with dozens of visits to doctors).  She stopped taking the medicine but withdrawal was bad. Her doctor was of no help and was ignorant of the withdrawal effects. She still suffers from effects of withdrawal although most days are better than they were. However she still has immense pain in her leg and finally a doctor discovered that she had actual muscle damage. 
I 've had occasional bouts of RLS since my late twenties, and it 's gotten severe in the past two years. Day and night, multiple limbs. Neurologist gave me samples of NeuPro and I saw no changes at the 1mg or 2mg levels. Once I hit 4mg, however, my RLS has gotten even more severe, and shows up daily to the point where I can 't sleep. It has raised my blood pressure, caused strange flickering in my eyes, and I am utterly exhausted all day. I so wish this medication would have helped. Fortunately I 've been on samples and has a savings card that brought my copay down to only $10 per month.
I wanted to share my experience with the hope no one else will have to deal with. I have used depo, the pill, IUD and have now went with the nuvaring. I started that February 1, 2016 and it was out by February 22, 2016 (mind you I was told to keep it in until the 25th). Why because of lots of things. I most of the side of effects and it took me a week to put that 's why I felt how I did. I was sleepy, nausea like crazy, and cramping. I read the side effects over and over. I never put that the pain I was having in my chest was part off it. February 23,2016 I found out I have a blood clot in my right lung caused by nuvaring!! This has caused so much stress on my family. We are still dealing with it now!!
I can 't say if it works or not because I just put it in about ten minutes ago but it burns so bad. I thought something was wrong and that I needed to go to the ER. Once I read most of the comments I 've realized that most people die in pain when they use it. Currently soaking in the tub but still in a crap ton of pain. Won 't be using this again because it hurts so bad
I had been on Zoloft 300mg for years and dropped down to Zoloft 200mg for almost a year and my doctor decided to try me on Savella for my fibromyagia. I made it to the 10th day of the the titration pack and could not deal with the bad side effects any longer. I was up for over 72 hours straight, chills, hot flashes, confusion, electrical shocks throughout my body, severe muscle pain, very irritable, out of mind and body thoughts, felt out of my body, etc. On about the 6th day my doctor put me on Soma 350mg (for the muscle pain and electrical shocks) and Klonopin 1mg to help with the anxiety and panic attacks. My doctor first tried to wean me back off of the Savella but two days later I had to call him back and he had me stop it cold turkey and go back on Zoloft 200mg.
Put this on yesterday at 12:00pm on the right side of my hips, and my right leg subsequently felt funny ever since - like it was heavy and cramping, but I had chalked it up to my anxiety disorder playing tricks on me. Then last night while changing my clothes I found a new bruise on that same leg that was giving me trouble. I called my prescriber and yanked the damn thing right off my skin. Leg still feels funny but I have no other symptoms other than that since; but I was very tired, getting cramps, and would get hot flashes on and off. Needless to say it 's still a mystery with what 's happening to me, but I 've been scared off this BC for good.
I had this implant inserted in July of 2015 and now, almost November, i haven 't stopped bleeding since the week after I had it inserted. Also my mood has completely changed. My mom tells me that I 'm not the same happy person anymore and I 've gained 10 pounds. I exercise regularly and eat healthy. It 's a great birth control for preventing pregnancy because there 's non stop bleeding! Don 't recommend this at all. Better experience with the pill
I 'm another one wishing I had read up of this product before using it. As many on here, I too felt better BEFORE using this product. The burning is unbelievable!!! After using the bathroom and releasing the stupid cream, I once again am feeling like I 'm being tortured for my life long sins... for those of who it did work for good on you but 90% of us felt like @#!&amp;^&times;^&divide; ...just stay AWAY from this product!
I have battled psoriasis for 15 yrs trying nearly every topical &amp; biologic treatment available.  The only drug that ever provided me with 100% clear skin was Stelara, but unfortunately it stopped working after 3 years.  I have been on Taltz for about 5 months.  After my first two injections I experienced a reduction in plaques &amp; itching and that progress remained while I was on the bi-weekly injections although I never cleared up by more than about 40%.  As soon as I finished the bi-weekly loading period &amp; had to wait a month in between injections my skin immediately reverted to the level of severity experienced prior to beginning Taltz.  No negative side effects but this injection hurts more than Stelara, Humira, Cosyntex, &amp; Enbrel.
The taste is so bad I had to try to keep from throwing most of it back up.  WHY in the world would they add that awful &quot;fruity&quot; flavor?? Miralax doesn 't taste like anything, take note SurePrep!  Seriously some of the most disgusting flavored stuff I 've ever had the misfortune of drinking.  Vomited some of it back up but luckily got most of it down.  It worked to clear things out but at what cost?  Just spent 4 hours walking around my living room trying not to throw up!  I 'll go back to the old method thank you.  Expensive and disgusting!
I was diagnosed with epilepsy when I was 13 due to my cerebral palsy I had been taking zonegran since then I had weaned myself off of my medication when I got pregnant and had been seizure free for almost 7 years I recently had a relapse and began seeing a different neurologist she put me on keppra THE WORST three months of my life my moods would go from 0-60 in a matter of seconds and for no valid reason I had trouble remembering things even troubling with communication it&rsquo;s true I also began to have suicidal thoughts and became to much to handle even for myself I would randomly cry then get angry I recently was referred to another neourologist who asked me about these symptoms and then it clicked I DO NOT recommend this medication to anyone
My father has started the treatment 2 months ago, and the virus in your blood lowed. However, the sides effects has being terrible. My father feel worse now than before the treatment. He has cognitives problems now, problems to speak, he lost interest in everything. We did a magnetic ressonation in your brain and they found a tumor probably linked to the medicine. My father is transplanted, now we are trying to figure out this, because he cant do the treatment to solve the tumor.
I bought the Monistat 7 since I am pregnant and my doctor recommended it for my yeast infection. I have the plastic applicators and I took a bath and applied the cream inside with the applicator. I am currently squirming around as I 'm writing this. I don 't understand why it feels like this. I 'm trying to stick it out in hopes that it is killing the infection but I seriously want  scrape it all out. It is burning... not too painful but enough to drive me INSANE. I mean I can not stay in one position for more than 10 seconds. It 's like an itch that can 't be scratched way up in there. It 's literally torturing me. My advice is to try something else.
I took the first dose at 6pm last night and the teste was the nastiest stuff I ever had ..I did not read these reviews first , so I did not know about the keeping it cold or using a straw.. I did take a sip of water between every few gulps of the poison tasting liquid.. It barely worked on the first dose .. I waited a few hours and only went one time to the bathroom.. Today I took the 2 nod dose and was gagging as much as yesterday..This time I went to the bathroom sooner and a few more times..BUT I do not think I am totally cleaned out.. I had my first colonoscopy about 9 years ago  and took a million pills with no taste and worked perfect.. I hope I will be cleaned out enough to have my procedure done...
The first day went well and at 10 days it went very badly I take  the pill   at 9pm and gave me a headache and I slept 30 minutes all night and more with itching dry mouth this is not good for everyone.
I was on this pill for 2 1/2 weeks and quit. I felt normal the first 2 weeks but once I started the third week my mood completely changed. I argued with my boyfriend for 3 days in a row over little things, and I knew it was the pill. Also, I 've been eating so much more the past two weeks and I 'm so scared to weigh myself because I know I 've gained weight (also because of the pill). Lastly, I have very very clear skin; I breakout once a month, if that. However, my last week on the pill I broke out terribly. I have a painful zit on my left side of my forehead, 2 small pimples on the right side, and 2 small pimples on my left cheek. I never get pimples on my cheeks!!! This pill is horrible!!!
I made a comment here a couple of years ago when I had just been put on Xarelto, before that I had been on  Elequis. The side effects were to bad, especially with Xarelto, that I stopped any medication. However, a change in Cardiologist, and I was eventually persuaded to try another, PRADAXA. This one suits me and I have no side affects at all  Xarelto gave me really bad migraines, my head felt as if it was swelling and my eyes popping out. I couldn&rsquo;t get out of bed most days. I will never forget that. You have to take responsibility for your health.  Always speak to your Doctor first. If your not happy get a second opinion.
Makes me more anxious. Higher doses are worse.
I had Mirena put in about a week ago &amp; it by far the most excruciating pain I 've ever felt! I 'm missing some of my left leg due to a motorcycle accident so believe me when I say I know pain, the insertion was worse than ANY of my surgeries. I had to make my obgyn stop bc the pain &amp; discomfort made me so light headed &amp; sick to my stomach. The pain &amp; cramping for the first 2 days after made it impossible to move &amp; now a week later I still have bad discomfort &amp; spotting. I 've noticed an increase in appetite &amp; acne on my face that I never had problems with before. I had mirena placed as an option to help my severe bipolar mood swings but I think this may not have been the right option for me. I 'm giving it a few more days to change my mind.
I received the shot 20 days ago and have been bleeding every day since! My doctor gave me pills after me having my period for 2 weeks and said it would stop my period. All that did was make it lighter. I am supposed to take the pills for 10 days. So far it has been 9 and I am still bleeding. I will not get this again! I only got it because of the nausea I would get from the pills I was on before and my heavy periods and bad cramps. But this is not worth it!
I bought this after having unprotected sex with my significant other. I bought it and followed instructions and took it as directed and 2 weeks later I find out I am pregnant. I am now dealing with an unplanned pregnancy and unfortunately having to get my first abortion ever. If I could go back in time I would have paid the extra bucks for Plan B. Save yourself the emotional distress and either refill your birth control right away or get Plan B that will work.
I hate this product. If you can live with your skin 's current state DO NOT USE THIS. Many people experience a purge when using this, so their skin gets much worse before it gets better. This happened to me and there was no sign of improvement so I stopped using it and my skin improved greatly. The purge was not worth it at all for me because my skin was not to terrible when I started using the product, and after using epiduo made my skin worse I was left marks that still haven 't faded two months after stopping epiduo. If a horrible purge is not worth it to you, do not mess with this stuff.
After years of misery; then numerous tests by neurologists and sleep studies I was finally diagnosed with severe sleep apnea and a form of narcolepsy in 2005.  I was prescribed Provigil, 200 mg twice a day and given the okay to take another 1/2 tab if necessary.  It was a Godsend and changed my life for the better.  However, now Doctor wants me to &quot;try&quot; Nuvigil and gave me samples and prescription.  It DOES NOT WORK for me but insurance company is demanding I stay on Nuvigil. Provigil will cost $1000 pr/mo! 
I 've been taking 6 mgs now for over a week and it doesn 't do much for me. Last night I slept maybe 2 hours. I may see if my doctor will prescribe 10 mgs doxepin. I 'm really worried, as nothing seems to work.
2 days taking 2-650mg tablets 3x/day and NO changes!  Still extremely heavy bleeding and clots :(
Only upside was that I did not get pregnant. This medication made me moody, depressed and I broke out in painful cystic acne which I had never experienced before.  I also experienced bloating and dramatic PMS which had never happened before either. 
I was only on the patch for a month. I thought it would be a miracle because I began to struggle to remember to take a daily pill. I came to this website, read reviews, decided I 'd still try it. Wish I hadnt.I had insane mood swings and did not feel like myself at all. I was extremely emotional, unreasonable. I felt angry and depressed all of the time. I 'd been on the pill for 8 years with no problem, except remember to take it due to a schedule change. The patch was a different story.I completed my 3 weeks of patch, 1 week for bleeding and promptly got back on the pill. My concern now is, I 'm almost a week later starting and I 'm normally like clock work. I 've never been late in my life. Apparently this is common after the patch.
I found no relief from using this product for osteo arthritis
Never never never again! Tried to save time and money, but not at this expense!! It was hard to find at the store and I didn 't have the nerve to ask  guy that was working. Then after managing to wait until bedtime to insert the &quot;medication&quot; to get relief has been a joke on me!!! Horrible burning and I feel like I 've been duped....can these drug manufactures really get away with this? I may not even be able to go to work tomorrow and I 'm considering going to the local emergency room!
Was on this pill for two months and had a horrible experience. Please do not take this pill! It causes a lot of weight gain, acne, depression, bleeding, great tenderness, and mood swings.
Took my first Tribenzor yesterday.....had a really rough night, vomiting...will never take it again
Didn 't work, was changed from amitryptaline to propanolol and my migraines came back with a vengeance.
my daughter was put on Macrodantin to prevent kidney infections, and after 2 months was struggling to breath while playing football, tests showed that her pulmonary function had reduced by 25% and she had developed an irregular heart beat. I would think carefully before taking this drug as you may be damaging your lungs to save your kidneys
Started having really bad anxiety &amp; panic attacks which I ended up in the ER for. I was given xanax which helped out tremendously and I was fine for a long time. Then I had another really bad panic attack and ended up back in the ER. I was then prescribed hydroxyzine 25mg to take four times a day as needed which I ended up needing to take the following day because I had another panic attack IT DID NOTHING. The next day I had one at work at took another, since I was told to try it four times a day I figure maybe I would take one every 6 hours to see if maybe it can prevent a panic attack from even starting but NOPE! This medicine does nothing for me and with my anxiety and panic attacks it feels like I 'm having mini heart attacks. I rather take the xanax
I began taking Mononesse April 28th 2015. I was admitted to the hospital on June 10th with an arterial blood clot and hundreds of small clots in my right foot. It had cut off ALL blood flow to my foot. The doctors tried everything to get rid of the clots. They got the one in my artery to break up but couldn 't get the ones in my foot as some were as small as a hair follicle. June 23rd I was in surgery having a below the knee amputation. I am 33 years old and been an athlete my whole life. So physically I have always been strong, so I expected no problems there. Whew, it is definitely a lot harder than what I expected. It has affected my entire life, as I have had to learn to do everything differently. No person should ever have to go thru it
This medications helped with my arthritis a little but did nothing for anxiety
Not sexually active, so I can 't tell how it helps in pregnancy prevention. It did stop spotting in between periods, but it destroyed my skin. Particularly along my jawline (jawline acne is typically hormonal), my skin broke out the entire duration of using Trinessa. It was the hard, painful acne that left behind dark marks when they had run their course. I stayed on the pill for three months to make sure it was a the pill causing the acne, and it was. During the placebo pill week when you get your period, my skin would clear up. Until I had to start the pill again, that is. Beyond that, my emotions were so out of whack on this pill that I was constantly on the verge of tears when I am a silly, easygoing girl who is extremely positive.
The injection hurt, was a very big sting and burning sensation, I was hoping for relief sooner and longer but it did neither. I got the shot about 4 pm, was able to move my arm without pain about 5 pm and was back to hurting before 6 pm.
Got itchy skin, constant headache, diarrhea, reflux.  Not great took for 2 weeks had a TIA after 1st week
Took this medication for 5 months. From the start I had problems tolerating the medicine. It made me nauseous. The worst side effect was the bone pain.
I 've been taking Sporanox for 10 months now with no improvement.  The fungus is visible in all of my fingernails and all of my toes!  I am nearing the end of my second (6 month) treatment and still no results with this medication.  Fungus has caused several toenails to curl and become ingrown so, very painful.  Doctor won 't remove the nails while infected with fungus because nails are too brittle to remove safely without risks of infection.
Started Contrave 7  days ago - absolutely no side effects - though still titrating up to the higher dose. I 'm 5 '3&quot; 220 lbs. Need to lose every bit of 100 lbs. Maybe notice some tummy issues today - but, they were symptoms of having eaten too much - need to change my eating patterns for sure. ~ Here 's Hoping!
On rare occasions when it put me to sleep it gave me a steady stream of mini, vivid nightmares that had me awaken to a  depression.  Sometimes I 'd have the steady, mini vivid dreams lucidly, always conscious and knowing what side I was lying on, and then drag through the next day exhausted.  But most of the time no sleep nor vivid dreams; nada.  But the worst thing about Belsomra is its constellation of side effects: stiff muscle tone with unexpected contractions and coordination problems, crazy-bad depression, irritability, confusion and memory problems.  Beware.
Diagnose with Mets to lung and bones. Aggressive chemo worked for eight months and then I was moved to Femara and Ibrance. Had to pay for the drug out of pocket because I 'm not insured and cost us a king 's ransom. This money could and should have been better spent. Ibrance wiped out my immune system and spread my cancer. After two months I complained about breathlessness but my oncologist assumed that we should give it some more time to work because of the promotional reviews and propaganda by Pfizer. I hate how pharma industry is devouring our savings. They should not overrate their products and misguide oncologists. I don 't know how they report results. I doubt that I will ever be counted among the failed cases. Very angry &amp; disappointed.
I had the nexplanon for 2 years. The first year was wonderful, never got my period and everything seemed great. The second year things started to take a turn. I started to experience extreme mood swings, fatigue, depression, acne and those are just a few things. My period came back it stayed with me on and off and sometimes even stayed for a whole month. I 've also gained about 20 pounds since on it. Let 's  just say it 's made me extremely emotional and made me think I 'm a nut case. I actually just got mine removed today and hoping to regain my sanity back.
I 've had fibromyalgia for 14 years.  I was prescribed Gabapentin and within days I had a horrifying headache and it felt like my brain was going to explode.  I have the same issue with Lyrica, Cymbalta, Savella and amitryptiline.  Maybe my brain chemistry doesn 't like to be altered with this type of med?  I only know the reaction scared me badly and the only medication I can use for my fibromyalgia is Tramadol.  Fortunately it keeps the edge off my pain and I can work full time.  If only it would work on the soul crushing fatigue! :-)
I switched from orthopedic tri cyclen lo because my insurance started charging me almost $300 for 3 months. I didn 't want to pay this so i was put on tri lo sprintec since it was covered. I started getting the worst anxiety I have ever had at the bed of the first week. I am on my second pack and hasn 't gotten better. I am finishing out this pack and switching. This has been by far the worst birth control for me.
I was not dealing with depression issues at the time of taking this, but after a week I had to quit because I had thoughts of suicide.
I was on Tri-Cyclen before I moved and lost health insurance. Immediately after losing health insurance, my doctor moved me to Trinessa, the generic for Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo, without consenting me. I liked Ortho TCLo because I had no side effects and it cleared my adult acne. I cannot stand Trinessa. Although my acne is still clear, my mood swings are unpredictable and heavy. I am normally a strong and reliable person. I am constantly dealing with jaded, cynical thoughts, oversleeping and utter lack of positivism. I will be switching back to Ortho TCLo even though the costs are astronomical without health insurance.
Not to scare anyone but I had a terrible, scary experience on this birth control. Prior to taking this pill, I had occasional anxiety but I 've NEVER had depression in my life. About 2-3 months after taking the pill, I started experiencing increased anxiety &amp; panic attacks (depersonalization/derealization, heart racing, difficulty breathing).. then came constant crying spells and depression to the point where I would lay in my bed for days. My Dr said the bc had no effect on what I was feeling but I knew deep down something was wrong so I stopped taking the birth control anyway just to see. Its only been a month since stopping it and I feel 100% better.. No more crying, anxiety, panic attacks, etc. Be careful while taking this!
I took Concerta when I was in high school for 2 years. I am a very lively person; however, after the first year I literally lost all my social abilities. I had no desire to speak to anybody or go out and have fun I became IMMENSELY depressed almost even suicidal. Additionally, I became so anorexic that I almost got hospitalized for low hemoglobin. 
It was effective in lowering my blood pressure from 150/95 down to 128/83 on average. However, this drop came at a tremendous expense to my lifestyle. I 've felt very low energy, occasional dizziness, headaches and general lack of interest in anything. My appetite dropped and I stopped feeling life inside me. In a nutshell, harmful side effects make this drug ineffective in solving BP problems
I tried Zyrtec about a year ago. It worked fine for a few days, then I started having frightening nightmares. 
I started using this about two weeks ago then about a week ago started getting bad headaches... mostly at night...now they are continuing during the day! I am going to STOP using them. At first I was noticing a pressure in my head then the headaches began! I was so hoping this would be my answer as Restasis didn 't work for me!!! But I can Not deal with the headaches!!!  Not worth continuing the drug to have to deal with severe head aches!
I would not recommend this to anyone, I have taken a few times in hope that I 've just had a bad time with it. I have taken late at night woken up at about 5am til 7am with awful stomach pains, hoping it 's just wind which doesn 't go away, sweating, weak crying in pain, I eventually start to be sick which is illumious yellow then followed by what is blood coming up, eventually I am able to go to the toilet which will then ease the pain and I can go back to bed, two hours up in agony for a few moments on the toilet, it is not worth it at all.
I used MoviPrep as directed and it did not work. It also took longer to work out of my system than other preps I have used in the past. I have never had a problem with other preps.
I was on Keppra for a year and unfortunately I kept having  seizures. My doctor added Topamax to Keppra and it helped but I was still having seizures about every other week. I finally decided to go off Keppra and increase the Topamax dosage and I have been seizure free for over two months.
This is my 3rd month on BC but recently was switched to blistovi and am in the 3rd week of my first pack. I 've started experiencing spotting today, which lead me to this website. I am terrified of everyone 's own experiences and even only being 3 weeks in I can relate a lot! Before I started I was a very active person who loved going to the gym and working out, but lately I have not had the energy or enthusiasm to get up and go. I 've found myself sleeping a lot during the day and feeling exhausted even after 10+ hours of sleep. I really didn 't think anything of it but now it makes total sense! I just picked up my next months pack but I 'm immediately calling my doctor to change to a new one!
The only reason why I am giving it 2 stars is because it did clear my acne better than any product I have ever used. I got on it after my mirena was removed 4 months ago and it 's the only pill form of birth control I have ever taken.  However, as soon as I am done with my red pills I will not be taking it anymore. It has made me a lunatic. I am so bipolar/emotionally unstable/depressed its not even funny!! I am destroying my relationship with my mood swings/instability. I 'll be okay for a day or two and then I start feeling crazy again. I cry constantly for no reason.  I 'm even having nightmares almost every night. Hopefully switching to a different pill will help.
This antibiotic was complete hell. I took first dose within 2 hours I was dry heaving with an overall sick feeling. Before bed I took second dose woke up in the middle of the night with fever, chills, chest pain, pain when breathing and basically every flu like symptom. I called my dr and he saw me right away and did every test under the sun. I had a WBC count of over 20,000!!!! I was almost hospitalized and ended up having to get a shot of an antibiotic in my butt and was switched to Cipro. Never again !!!! Cipro from now on for me.
Have been on Prestiq 50 for 2 weeks, was previously on Effexor 75mg for 6 months. Doc has put me on the Prestiq because it is supposed to be easier to wean off of.  I don 't think these meds have helped my depression at all.  The first few day on the Prestiq I was very dizzy, since then I am even more anxious and depressed.  I am seeing my doc in a week to taper off these horrible meds.  NEVER AGAIN.  I also take Adderall XR 25mg twice daily for ADHD, these meds usually calm me.  I am now having to take Klonopin daily just to get by.  Also my hairdresser noticed how much HAIR LOSS I 've had. I still don 't know if this is from stress, the Effexor, Adderall or my birth control pills, since all meds can have this effect.
This did NOT suit meI was given 100 mg twice a day. After the first dose, suddenly Blood Pressure and pulse rate shot up in a spike. I have been having high BP and Pulse already. So took those medicines and the parameters came down to normal.Second doze was in the night.  It didn 't cause that trouble, but after sometime started getting hot flushes. However, I tolerated that.  After taking the pill next day after lunch,  after say 5 minutes, heart started beating God damn fast, This time the discomfort was 3 times than the previous one. BP and Pulse were even higher. Took the pills for BP, Pulse, and double dose of tranquilizers to slowly pacify the effect. I was about to be taken to ER.Got to discard them
Experienced sudden dizzy spells and lightheadedness with this medicine.  Also irregular heart beats and fatigue.  Quit in 2 weeks and felt much better.  Blood pressure was still on the high side 150/100 while taking it also.  
My experience with this medication is terrible. I have moved up to 40 mg daily. I have had a rapid heart beat all day. The mood swings are terrible, running nose, the sweats, body aching, headache and just feel very irritable the dreams are more like nightmares. I  am not sure how they still market this drug but I would not recommend this to anyone. It is not an anti depressant but an anti feel good product. I have never written a review before but feel so strong that other people should not get involved in this drug.
Just saw a commercial for this, today. I don 't like the idea of naltrexone in it. I won 't be trying it. Thanks, but no thanks!
I agree with the girl that said if she can rate this any less than a 1 she would. My doctor put me on it to stop my migraines after switching from Yaz. I 'm 24 and have been on the pill since I was 16. I 've struggled with depression in the past and this gave me such bad mood swings that I have not felt this depressed in the longest time. Still getting migraines. Skin is breaking out, I 've always struggled with that but Yaz is the only one that helped apparently. I 'm supposed to start my 3rd month until I see my Dr again, but at this point I decided not to take it and wait until my visit.
I hated Junel Fe 1.5/30. Horrible chin acne and oily skin, and even worse mood swings. my sex drive stayed normal and I still had a desire to have sex, but the pill is not worth it for how depressed it made me
Hey everyone I am 22 years old and I just started my 3rd week of this pill. This is the first time ever being on birth control. I started the first day of my period and I 've been spotting where as I actually need to wear a tampon basically ever since. I have lower back cramps from time to time too. Before the birth control I had lower back cramps whenever I had my period and it 'll last for 7 days. Now I 've been spotting for about 8 days. I say 8 but I haven 't stopped bleeding since o had this last period. But this bleeding don 't seem like period blood. Someone help me please .should I call the doc or wait until the next period (end of month).
So mad, felt what I originally thought was a bump from an allergic reaction to something on my lip turned out to be a cold sore. Ok fine I had just had a fever was sick so I  immediately  rushed over to the pharmacy got some of these.  I took 3000 mg or 3 gm , thinking that it would take it away, mind you I first felt the cold sore maybe an hour at the most before this and still NOTHING helped it from coming!!! Then 4 or 5 hours after I went back to the store to get some  aBrieva still didn&rsquo;t help ! I&rsquo;ve been taking 2 gms every 12 hours plus the aBrieva and still do not see any type of decrease in my cold sore. Honestly doesn&rsquo;t work in my opinion.
Still in pain.
I had the Paragard placed shortly after my second son was born. I was teaching at that time. I moved over that summer &amp; worked in another edu related field. I started getting difficulties with focus &amp; concentration. I developed anxiety and depression. I tried to teach again but my body could no longer handle stress. I went through years of therapy &amp; doctors trying to give antidepressants &amp; anti anxiety medication. I had the iud removed &amp; was able to get pregnant after. Pregnancy holds onto copper &amp; I had PPD after this pregnancy. Depression &amp; anxiety worsened. It was affecting my nervous system causing electrical shocks in my hands &amp; feet. I had high unbound copper &amp; finally found the right DR to help clear the copper &amp; decrease inflammation
I 've been using the red capsules for several years with good results.  Recently I was given the beige capsules by amneal and they make me sick and do not reduce my pain.  There were a few white ones mixed in with the others which also worked.  I now have a bottle of beige ones which are worthless unless you want to feel worse.  And, I am unable to get any others because they 're controlled and the pharmacy says beige is all they can get from their supplier..
Found it ineffective for facial spasms. Patients must get liver function tests while they are on this medicine. I believe other dystonia sufferers have had some relief with this but I was not one of them.
Hi, I 'm hoping someone may have taken Tegritol and had a similar experience. Okay, so approx. 2 1/2 weeks ago I rushed to the dentist because I thought my lower K-9 tooth (I guess that 's what you 'd call it) on the right side was rotting. I was hurting extremely bad. Woke me up all through the night. They did X-Ray and said &quot;your teeth are perfect&quot;. I had X-Ray done of my neck due to prior experience w/ rupture. I knew it had to be a disc slip or rupture in my neck and a nerve was very irritated &amp; for some reason hurting what by now was all my teeth on the right side &amp; random stabbing in right ear. I was diagnosed w/ this Trigeminal Neuralgia. 200mg Tegrital 3x a day. Been on 5 days...no relief. Is this typical. I need this med to work!!
I have had RSD for 20 years and was well controlled on 30mg Percocet and 30mg Methadone a day. The pain doctor wanted a change and now I am on the new Oxycontin 20mg twice a day.  I took my 20mg at 7 am.  It is now 8 hours later and I am at a level 7 pain.  From the last few days experience when I take 20mg at 7pm, it will last until midnight then I will be at a level 8 or 9 pain.  I have not slept in 3 days.  I was well controlled! Why couldn 't she leave it alone?
I was prescribed Bactrim for a UTI i and after one dose I immediately developed a splitting headache followed later by weakness, body aches, chills, fever, slight nausea, cough and sore throat. I feel as if I have the flu. I suppose the medication did do what it was supposed to do because the UTI feels as if it 's almost completely gone (I 'm sure it isn 't but at least it doesn 't hurt). I will say I don 't think the side effects are worth it. I 'm in a lot of pain and discomfort and I think I 'll be going to the emergency room just to be on the safe side.
I have had Nexplanon for a month and a half. I have experienced spotting through out the whole time. But no other side effects. My boyfriend and I recently got a surprise that I am pregnant!!. This was such a shock considering that I have birth control. SO it is a definitely a MAJOR fail. Either my boyfriend has super sperm or I have a uterus made out of steel, but this was definitely not a great choice for me :(
Took the first pill, not expecting many side effects. Took it after dinner, and by the time it was like 2am I woke up extremely nauseous, ended up spending the entire night and morning throwing up. I was very nauseous for a couple weeks. And every new pack I would get the sickness again. Very bad the first week of each pack and still nausea most of the rest of the month. Finally it wasn 't worth being sick so much and I switched to a different brand, which I tolerated much better.
I 've never written any reviews on the internet before but after my experience in the ER last night I googled the effect of Reglan and Benadryl on headache just to see how other react and I feel better that many reacted like me so I 'm not crazy. So they gave me reglan and Benadryl IV push I was just ready for a relief little did I know everything started moving so fast I was scared for my life. My husband was in the waiting room with our sons but I started texting him to come back but I couldn 't even compose a text. The door was shut and the lights were dim and I had the worst anxiety attack. I 've never felt like that in my life. Called for hubby begged him to ask the doc to le me go...which he did. Eventually I felt better at home.
I just begun taking this medicine for  bipolar depressive/ borderline personality disorder  and  the result is a sore throat hot face no emotion other then sad.  I possibly have erratic mood changes and not sure of many questions people ask me.  It takes a little while for me to find the words to answer.
It works a little when it wants too. I am not impressed with itand would not recommend this medication for moderate tosevere pain.
After a couple of hours after taking an 875 mg tab, my stomach became rock hard. I had the most debilitating stomach cramps known to man. I 've never vomited as much and as hard as I did that day. The diarrhea was like I was urinating out of my anus. After drinking a bottle of kiefer, I was good again
I have been on this medication for two days and have had diarrhea and stomach cramping.. haven 't noticed a huge difference in my hunger but time will tell. I still have hope. Female 33 years old and 224 starting weight
After about a week of taking this, I woke up n the middle of the night to the most nauseous I 've ever been and broke out in a rash on both of my arms. The following morning I was super dizzy and felt like passing out. Went to the nurse right after and switched to Vienna which is much better so far, except for a little breakthrough bleeding, but I 'd rather have that than what I 've experienced before.
Tried 3 times...good news blood sugar went from 300 to 116 in a day and lost 5 lbs in 3 days. Bad news severe diarrhea and vomiting after eating anything at all hives all over along with massive itching and psoriasis patches flared up and a few new patches appeared.
Did nothing for my nerve pain
I first started Depo in May of 2015. The first month was great, no side effects. When it was time for my period it was light. Well, it seemed to never end. I visited my Gyn and she put me on the pill while I still had Depo in my system, I then started to spot. After the three months  I decided to not try depo again, So I continued to take the pill, but I was still bleeding and spotting. I decided to get off birth control completely and try a new GYN from a different clinic, she said that my body 's menstrual cycle is messed up from Depo, that I only shed my lining a little at a time and its still trying to get out of my system so she put me on Provera to reboot my cycle. I also have anemia from all the blood loss for the past 7 months.
I woke up.from the absolute craziest dream I 've ever had...FREAKING OUT...COULD NOT BREATH, AND THOUGHT I WAS DIEING...I immediately called ppl in my family that have been on antidepressants, and they said just give it time, the side effects will go away...so I continued to take it...today is day 14, I am more nervous and depressed still...I have NO emotion, my head hurts constantly, STILL have no balance...I think my doctor WRONGLY prescribed me something I DIDN 'T need, that COMPLETELY ruins with you (when you don 't really need it ) I 'm severely annoyed...stopping my med tomorrow and flushing the rest of my pills...I 'm sooo disgusted
So I 'm a long term user, 13 years. Most of the reviews I 'm guessing are short term. Well this is what you need to know before you start taking this, how it impacts you several years later.In a word, negatively. My dose started off high (120) now 15. But I am now experiencing the side affects of what I call Mirtazapine abuse.  I believe it has progressively slowed down the reproduction of Serotonin and Noradrenaline and caused numbness through my nervous system. I now feel little sensation in my body, struggle to maintain erection during sex as result but above all I find it hard to feel emotion and thus have passion for anything. I can 't compose music well anymore without forcing myself. Take this drug only on a short term basis. Be safe.
I 've been maintained by suboxone for over 2 years and it honestly and truly changed my life around... but after being on it for so long my doctor switched me to bunavail since it was longer acting and you could still talk while it is dissolving. I was thus very disappointed upon first dose at how long it takes to dissolve and how difficult it is to really adhere it to your cheek, and even if it does stick temporarily it always comes off and floats around your mouth and ends up all over your teeth. This is made worse when you talk... and by the fact that it takes about 45mins to dissolve! I 'm switching back to suboxone.
After being on Ortho Tri-cyclen Lo for over a year my pharmacy switched me to Tri Lo Sprintec and as with others I was &quot;assured&quot; this was the same exact drug that I had been taking. Well after the first pack my face has been breaking out throughout the month, my 2nd month my period was MUCH more painful (one of the reasons I went on BC to begin with) and I bled for almost a full week instead of my normal 4-5 days. By the 3rd month I noticed my anxiety and abdominal cramping at all times of my cycle flaring up. Mood swings galore and a period that lasted more than 7 days. :( Spoke with my PCP and she agreed to switch back to brand name only and I am hopeful that it will all resolve and that other ladies see these reviews too!
I got nexplanon after my surprise son and had no periods for a year however I had no sex drive, it was painful even, and cramping but no period. Then the flood gates let loose and I started having 2 week periods with hormone fluxes, hot flashes, weight gain and acne. So after a few months I got it removed and got a non hormonal IUD and I bleed for 3 weeks. Then had a week off. Then had ANOTHER period. Still having issues and I don 't see them going away any time soon. Super unhappy with this product.
I started taking this less than a week ago, but will be stopping it because of the side effects. It has helped my acne, but the side effects don 't make it worth it. I constantly feel nauseous, have headaches, feel feverish, and am unusually exhausted.
Horrible drug, will never use it again. My doctor perscribed the lowest possible daily dose to try to see if it would help for anxiety and depression.  After taking it for one week I had nausea, constant sweating, made my head feel tight and foggy, did not sleep more than 20 mins at a time because I was constantly waking with nightmares.  Been off effexor for over a month.  Sweats gone, nausea gone, feeling much better but can 't sleep more than 4 hours straight then being awake for hours.  I would not recommend this drug to any one.  Get your doctor to try you on something different first..
I experienced severe mood swings, acne,  weight gain and unpredictable periods. The mood swings and weight gain were the worst. It did its job to prevent pregnancy but it came at a cost. I also got occasional rashes on my arm where it was inserted.
Last night I had mild symptoms so this morning I went to the store and purchased the 1 day... After I inserted the ovule I was fine but and hour or two later I was on FIRE!!!! The wipes did not help at all and I didn 't dare use the cream! I don 't understand what 's going on but I do know this did NOT help me at all! This medication made my (MILD SYMPTOMS WORSE)!!! Please DO NOT USE AT ALL!!!!!! I am in pain even after a shower and a cool bath... In the morning I will be making a visit to my local urgent care!
I discourage anyone who has suffered from depression from using this product. Originally I chose Implanon to substitute my inability to regularly take the pill.  In the first month, my breasts jumped a cup size, my skin suffered marginally, sex drive was still strong and weight gain was not an issue.  However after 3 months I noticed that I was continually feeling down.  I was lethargic, unmotivated, crying unpredictably, and had thoughts of suicide (8 occasions).  I have previously been diagnosed as manic depressive, and thus strongly recommend if you are considering this contraceptive form, PLEASE discuss Implanon and mental health with your doctor (AND if they are dismissive, find another doctor).
The first couple of months  was good, but  after that I have increased acne and heavy spotting.
I 'm still trying to find a medication that works for me. But this is one that the doctor prescribed me about two years ago, and I took it for very close to a year. It did not help. They kept adding more dosage until finally I quit seeing my psychiatrist altogether and stopped taking the medication.
Happy to see Enbrel worked for many of you. For me it 's only worse. I think I have just a break down of skin damage from sun that worked and steroid creams. 
I was on this pill for almost two years. It does work as far as not getting pregnant however my experience at first was it didn 't make a huge difference then 6 or 7 months into it my sex drive went down, along with being very very dry, my moodiness increased drastically. I would cry one second and then get angry with my husband over anything and everything. My skin has gotten a lot worse, I broke out in places I never had in the last week. So now I am on Yaz.
I used the patch and because I thought it was helping reduce the pain of my tendonitis of my wrists, I continued using it. The pain  of neither wrist got worse and my palm hurt and also the fingers.  A week ago after using Salonpas pain patch for over three months, my wrists have swollen and the pain is excruciating.  I went back too my doctor but because he was not aware that I had used the patch for a long time, he thought the swelling of the wrists were due to rheumatoid arthritis.  The swelling is going down  gradually. I would like to add here that I am allergic to aspirin and ibuprofen.  I read the label only yesterday!
I have been on Qsymia for 5 weeks now and the only changes I have noticed in me and my body is thatcaused dizziness and nausea initially. I have maybe lost 1 lb since I started taking this medicine but worried about the side effects so stopped. 
I 've been taking amoxicillin for my wisdom teeth removal for five days now, I was only taking two a day, (mainly because I wake up late), so I have some left over, I 'm very tempted to not take the rest as its caused me severeE cramps in my abdomen that come in go within seconds of eachother, it 's also made me constipated. I 've been constipated for four days now with the cramps still continuing, wouldn 't recommend this pain to anyone.
This medication has caused severe sexual side effects. As a 58 year old active person, I have been on this for two years. Although this did wonders for my panic and depression, it has leveled my libido and I can 't climax. 
It hasn 't helped my severe COPD &amp; acute exacerbations. My Dr. gave me samples to try but so far nothing. I will continue to take until all is gone then I have to call the Dr. about the results. I have extreme sweating &amp; was sick to my stomach the 1st wk but now it 's just every so often
Put patch on for night time relief. Woke next morning with blisters and welts in the area. I now know the extent of the medication - the blisters and red marks - like a second degree burn spread throughout an area 2 - 3 times the size of the patch. Sitting, leaning back has been difficult. Wearing clothing has been difficult. Laying in bed has been painful. The Doc has given me an ointment for my skin and meds for the pain. The blisters have drained today. The burnt skin is still there. This was the FIRST time I used this product.
Medication helps slightly with spasms, but has a high rate of stomach upset and gas.
I have been on this birth control for a few weeks now and have had nothing but issues with it. The first few days were fine and I had very few problems As I got farther along into the pill pack I started having more side effects such as Bad cramps, light headed, I was very moody, My back was very achy, and I started to have headaches. Day 7 I started my period 3 weeks early. I figured it was spotting but I ended up having to use tampons and pads. I called my doctor and they told me to stay on it and it should get better. So that is what i did. It hasn 't stopped.Ii have been on my &quot;period ' for a week now when usually it is only 3. I am very disappointed with this medicine.
Insertion was excruciating. Severe cramps immediately and for two weeks after. Went to my doctor and she said &quot;pain is relative&quot;... :p Every month I feel that same excruciating dizzying pain when my period hits and have to stay in bed. If you can 't handle monthly stabbing pains well...don 't get the mirena.
I have been taking Desogen for almost a month and a half. I get dizzy, have severe headaches, cystic acne, extreme cramps, and the worst part of it all is my moods are awful. I get so angry and emotional at the drop of a hat. So I stopped taking it because I was tired of getting angry all the time and taking it out on my boyfriend. Luckily he 's very understanding. My moods and acne have now practically vanished once I stopped taking it.
I started on a low dose It did nothing. My neurologist gave it to me after ropinerole didn 't work.After only a week I did start to get urges to spend. I bought some art (luckily on finance and it was a decent investment, but not normally a purchase I 'd make) and I started to do crazy spontaneous things - it was quite fun, but also a bit scary as I was a bit out of control.I had to double the dose as it  didn 't touch the sides for my restless legs.Even the double dose only helped slightly. I would still wake up at 2am with the urge to move. It was better than having nothing but still not good enough to help me get a good night 's sleep.It gave me terrible short term memory loss and brain fog.
Gave me very very Bad cramps with minimal bowl movement. I would never recommend this to anyone
I had the Implanon put in three months ago. It was okay at first with a normal seven day period. Then skipped period the next month and now I 'm on a period going on four weeks. I have never been so emotional. I also have severe back pains and am breaking out.
This medication made me sleepy and far less alert than normal. It worsened my condition.
This was my 4th week taking trulicity .75 the 1st two wks went ok, the 3rd week I started having severe pains in my stomach, severe nausea,  hives, diarrhea.  The 4th week was the same but worse, I broke out in hives from my head to my feet, had welts all over me, I just got back from the hospital last night because of it. And it 's still doing the same thing the next morning, I wake up with severe stomach pains, nausea I belch an tastes like rotten eggs, diarrhea,  and the itching, hives everywhere! ! Ended up having to take prednisone and benedryl for the hives rash, Zofran and acid reducers for the sickness and vomiting. It makes food lay in my stomach and doesn 't let it digest. Please DO research on this medicine if it is offered!!
I have been suffering from a severe sinus infection for 6 weeks.  Antibiotics twice, 3 trips to Dr.  When I was at my sickest, I was using MucinexD and it may have helped some.  I felt so bad then I don 't know that I would have noticed side effects.  But weeks later, I was still having so much thick drainage and light headed in my throat that my Dr. told me to switch to the Mucinex (plain) thinking it was the pseudoephedrine that was causing the vertigo.  My vertigo worsened and I never even thought of the medication being the cause because the Dr. had said I would be fine without the pseudoephedrine in it.  Went to ER when my vertigo became alarming.  All tests negative.  After all that I found I am allergic to Guaifenesin.
Side effects for me are headaches, muscle pain &amp; insomnia
Prescribed this for sinus and double ear infection which was not cleared by a 3 day course of Zithromax 500mg. After 2 doses of one pill per day I had SEVERE stomach pains and was told by doctor to discontinue use. 
I had this form of birth control in my arm since April 2016 and it 's been the worst. My husband recently joined the Army and we came to the conclusion that we didn 't want to have babies until our lives were settled. I 've been bleeding heavy since about a week after I got it and it 's July. I get migraines, gained about 10 pounds, and super moody. Cramps are the worst!! Also, get very dizzy frequently. Wish I never got this. All these symptoms have added so much stress on top of the stress I 'm already dealing with. Do not recommend at all.
This worked as birth control but it made me break out with the worst acne I 've ever had all over my face.
Where do I start, I got the nexplanon 68mg implant put in on 13 January 2014 6 months after having my daughter, at first it was ok although I did bleed for the first few months, then my period stopped, I started to have mood swings and when I say mood swings I was evil, would probably say physchotic, I attacked my partner something I am not proud of I hate violence, then the acne, the daily headaches and I mean daily I have yet to remember when I didn 't wake up with a migraine, my teenage son says I am so moody and all I do is shout, also the weight gain, as I said at first it was fine then the weight started piling on I have gained over 3 stone on this and I have not changed my lifestyle or eating habits all it is horrible avoid!
I lost 8 lbs in 7 days but by the time I upped the pen to the middle dose I had no appetite and even when I tried to eat I gagged.  I had to drink Boost to get something in me and was very weak, shakey and my heart was racing.  I waited about a month and tried again planning to stick just to the lowest dose.  By day 7 I had lost another 5 lbs and again was weak, and could hardly eat.  Started having stomach cramping as well.  I will not take this no matter how bad I want to loose weight or control my type 2 diabetes.
I took it for 5 days 30mg and have never felt so sick. The first day I was crippled with diarrhea and a headache which continued to the following day. I then got a tightness in my throats and couldn 't stop yawning. I stopped eating due to the nausea.The headache didn 't go away and by day 3 was joined by an earache and sweating. Yesterday was the worst. All of I sudden my vision became blurry and I couldn 't talk properly. It was terrifying. Like my brain stopped working. I couldn 't drive and was so dizzy I kept falling over. I stopped immediately and now have to wait 3 days for it to leave my system. I still feel horrendous and I still can 't see properly.
**PLEASE READ**if you love or care for yourself, EVEN THE TINIEST BIT, please do not put your body through this. This has been the absolute worst pain i have ever endured down there. It feels as if hell had broke loose inside my vagina. it felt like someone had heated up a metal rod to 394802387483 degreed and shoved it inside of me. Horrible.
Not only did it not help with migraines, it made me gain 40 pounds.
Didn 't do anything for me
Does little to nothing.
I was diagnosed as bipolar type II and my nurse practitioner in WA prescribed me abilify and I gained 30lb within a month of taking it. I blew up like a balloon and he said he doesn 't have that side effect. I looked online and it says that it clearly does. He said to take it a few more weeks and see how I did. I gained ten more pounds and my mother insisted I stop taking it. I went from 148 to 188lb. It may have started helped with my symptoms but I was to concerned about my weight gain so he finally put me on Topamax.
Well I have been on my period for almost three weeks now. And I have asked a lot of people if they have it and they said yes. But I don 't like it BC I feel like I 'm as big as a cow
I had the Mirena for 2.5 years and just had it removed as I couldn 't take the non-stop bleeding and migraine headaches anymore. The bleeding has already stopped and the pelvic tightness has already eased. I 've had virtually no sex drive for a long time but didn 't make the association until I started doing more research. I am 47 and got it for heavy periods and cramping but wish I had done something else. It just wasn 't worth the misery of the past two years.
Never used it, try to activate saving card online, near to impossible, call customer service number, nasty representative, and after an hour of trying to activate it card was expired, funny thing card was dated to expire 6 months later, hahahah what a joke.
I got my Nexplanon implant inserted February 29th 2016. It is now July 31st 2016. I have been spotting this entire time, and I still get my very heavy monthly. I have maybe gotten a 1 week break TOTAL over the months I 've had this in. I can definitely say that Nexplanon IS indeed effective... Since it seems to be eliminating the chances of getting pregnant at the source, not being able to have sex. I already have mood disorders that this birth control makes 100x worse. I tend to find myself crying &amp; getting irritated over absolutely nothing. It has also effected my appitite, I eat WAYY less than I used to, and in smaller amounts (which is not good for someone who is already weighing in at 93lbs due to a thyroid issue)...It 's coming out ASAP
Save yourselves the pain of this horrible product. The discomfort I felt before I took this does not compare to the pain I felt after I inserted into the vagina. It felt like somebody spread my legs apart and poured lava into my cervix!  I would never wish this pain onto anybody much less my worst enemy. One time is a accident multiple complaints about the pain and burning from this monistat one. I am surprised that they haven 't been sued. This should be pulled from shelves! Just go to the doctor and get some cream. Just say heck no to this egg. I should have read reviews beforehand. I don 't think they should have this being sold. I have never felt this pain in my life and I birthed three children naturally. Never again would I use this.
I 've been on trinessa for about 9 years now. But for the last 3 years I have been having major issues that trinessa had previously helped with. These past 3 years my acne has come back, my skin is flaky and oily, I have unwanted facial hair, my periods have become much shorter which for me is not good, I have seizures during the 2 weeks leading up to my period, I am in immense pain and have severe fatigue during those 2 weeks as well. I 'm not sure if the birth control has stopped working or if something else that the gyno hasn 't found is causing this mess. Either way, this month I will not be taking it so I can see if being off of it helps anything.
I would recommend this to anyone wanting to control hormones. I was very depressed, anxious, gained a lot of weight due to constant cravings. It 's good for acne, my face was clear as it was with Yaz. I had to get my insurance to prior authorize this only to have bad side effects. Was on this for approx 8 months and gained 20 pounds from not wanting to leave the couch and bad depression/anxiety. I thought it was something else until I stopped taking it. I can 't take generics, always a problem. I 'm going back on Yaz, was never an issue for me, even lost weight.
Hair loss, bloating, headache, night sweats, stretch marks on inner thighs and increased frequency on bowel motion.
After reading the reviews of Pristiq, I am amazed at the number of people that have had the DNA test and end up on Pristiq. When I took the DNA test, Pristiq was the &quot;only&quot; antidepressant found suitable for me. I have been on several antidepressants one being Prozac that worked very well for me for years with no noticeable side effects. I began to wonder why Prozac was in the list of antidepressants NOT to use when it had worked so well for me? I took the Pristiq for a few days and the side effects were so horrendous that I had to discontinue. The cost is also prohibitive for some people. My co-pay with insurance was about $300.  I have a very dim view of the drug and the DNA test that shows only Pristiq as suitable for my gene makeup!
So I had two totally different experiences on this pill. The first month of taking it, I got a horrible yeast infection that would not go away then a bacterial one. After another month I was finally able to get rid of it, even though I don 't think it 's 100% related but some odd coincidence just happened to start as soon as I started lolo.The second time I restarted the pill I had extreme mood swings. And I mean EXTREME. I was crying nearly everyday. I didn 't want to eat, get out of bed, or even talk to anyone. I felt distant from everyone and everything and it was all around awful. I 'm currently only two days off of it, and I feel drastically different. Almost back to who I was before. For me, it 's not the best option.
I 've been on diazepam for years. At first I thought it was the wonder drug.It worked quickly and the relief was amazing. I suffered from anxiety, panic attacks and generalized depression for years prior.But then the wonder drug stopped working -  just like that , immediately - all the benefits I came to trust disappeared. I was left in the same state as before taking.I should mention that the med stopped working after only a very brief period, perhaps months. However my doctor continues to prescribe, why I don 't know.  I rarely take it any more, but when I do, hoping for the same relief initially felt - nothing!!!Only advise I can offer is; if it works for you, great BUT don 't think it is the cure, at least not long term.
I used this product and it rearly killed me.. is extremely dangerous combined with other medications and was banned for a reason. Now left with severe inflammation and nerve damage. Wish I 'd researched further not just product reviews which are only positive.  Please please ask your Dr first or research. Wish I had....
I 've been taking birth control regularly since I was 17 and this is by far my worst experience (I 've been on 6 different pills that I can remember). Within the first month and a half I gained 12 pounds which has never been a problem before on any other b.c. The pills did nothing to help with the cramping that comes with a period, or with my endometriosis pain. All and all I was completely dissatisfied with this medication. The only &quot;positive&quot; here is that I didn 't get pregnant while on this medication.
NEVER again will I purchase this product. I NEVER do reviews but I figured it let the next woman know so that she won 't experience the pain and agony I 'm currently experiencing! The nurse at my drs office advised me to purchase this product until I was able to be seen in the office. WORSE DECISION EVER! Here I am on day 2 itching and burning like crazy after inserting, mind you I was absolutely fine before doing so. It is HORRIBLE and I cannot wait to call the nurse in the morning!
Don 't feel any difference with this medication 2 tablets 1 in morning 1 at night doesn 't work for me at all 250mg
No sleep as yet, 10mg Ambien last night 20 tonight! Last night I fell asleep after about 4 hours (normal for me with or without meds) I woke up fealing really rather strange, lethargic almost. Passes after 2-3hours with coffee! tonight on 20mg it 's been 3 hours so far! Light headache very restless.
Caused extreme pain in arms legs joints disappeared after changing to pradaxa
I took Rytary for approximately 1 month in 2016. The worst experience in the 14 years I have had Parkinson 's disease. My Neuro tried different doses at different times of the day, it would only work with Sinemet to help kickstart at first, after about a week it was no longer predictable. Several times I had to crawl because I could not walk, once I got up to go the bathroom but could not cross the threshold and had to urinate on the floor. The last day my Neuro asked me to try 4 capsules at once as a last resort, It was 2 hours before I could get out of bed!I still feel the effects to this day.
Only lasts for a month, no matter what I couldn 't concentration.
I have no idea how the FDA approved this cream. It LITERALLY BURNS AND BLISTERS YOUR FACE. I always make sure I read the side effects on medications and this one explicitly said there were &quot;NO COMMON SIDE EFFECTS&quot; only &quot;RARE SIDE EFFECTS.&quot; The cream would work for maybe 5 hours tops before my entire face would start sweating and become increasingly red. At night I would lay in bed  with an ice pack on my face because my skin left my sheets burning hot. After a couple weeks I woke up and my face felt scaley and had hundreds of tiny bumps which turned out to be blisters. I literally wanted my old rosacea face back because it looked and felt like I had stuck my face in the sun and shook it around with this medication. Avoid at all costs.
I 've had the implant in for nearly 3 months and hate it. I am constantly bleeding some days are heavier than others. I 've always got a headache. I want to eat all the time and the mood swings are terrible, so getting it removed. I just want to feel normal again.
I 'm pregnant. I had unprotected sex one time, and took this the next day. I 'm now 7 weeks pregnant.
My face has gotten progressively worse. I have been using soolantra for 6 weeks and I have decided to stop because I literally now have a skin problem much worse than before. My whole face now has a blackhead in every pore and although my skin was never perfect it is now ruined by this medication. I go to sleep and wake up the next morning to find 8 to 10 pustules appearing overnight. This stuff has made my condition way worse.
Had no effect on blood pressure, even after increasing to the maximum prescribing dosage.
It doesn 't work even after upping the dosage several times
Cymbalta increased my pulse rate to 110 to 120 bpm. Went back to doctors office was given beta blocker medication to decrease my heart pulse. Cymbalta also did not help with panic attack, anxiety and depression. Bad side effects especially dizziness all day long.
I would rather take nothing than taking this medicine. My stomach is constantly upset. Diarrhea four days in a row. I can 't wait to call my Dr tomorrow.
The first two months of Effexor Xr 37 mg were great, I felt good. But that apparently is just the start up. The first couple days of taking it I felt an awesome  euphoria and a high like I was on cocaine.  I was a little restless,  had a hard time getting to sleep, had  diarrhea . The doctor bumped me up to 75 mg one week ago, the first day was awesome I felt like I was on cocaine again. after that first day I felt nothing  other than an overbearing fact that I wanted to get off of the shit. I feel like complete trash.  I feel emotionless but reaally down  I don 't know if I can make it another week on this medication . I 've been on 4medications and none of them have help so far. This was my last hope for medication
What a nightmare. Severe cramping for 6 months like I was in labour, daily bleeding for 12 months, fatigue, lactating breasts after 12 months and now pregnant. This is so garbage it should be removed from the market. It is disgusting it is legally being sold to unsuspecting victims.
I 'm going to start this off by saying that I was a COMPLETELY different person before I started taking this medication.  I was prescribed this medication when I was 12 years old, suffering from anorexia, severe depression, and anxiety.  This medicine gave me horrible side effects-- trouble with speech, socializing, and I became so dependent on this medicine every night that it took me 3  months of no sleep or food, having to miss school and be locked inside all day, to finally ween off it.  I feel like this medicine definitely  'fried ' my brain, before taking this medicine I had no issues with motivation, attention, socializing, and speech.  After about 4 years off this medication, I can say I 'm finally starting to feel a bit bit better.
I was one of the unlucky ones who 's prolactin levels skyrocketed. I was only on 100mg, with a plan to ramp my way up to 500 over the course of 10 weeks, which was obviously vetoed when my chest started swelling quite noticeably. Lactation isn 't worth what 's essentially only a sleeping pill at &lt;500mg doses.
I see so many positive reviews here. I am happy for you folks. I was using Clonazepam to control my general anxiety until the Veterans Administration decided to stop prescribing them. My doctor put me on propranolol, unfortunately it had no effect on my generalized anxiety.  I see that it seems to benefit those with societal anxiety so thats good. Unfortunately for me benzos are the only thing that seems to help. Hard to find a doctor who will prescribe them now.
zarah was my first form of birth control. ive been on it for about 4 months and it 's been pretty only a bad expirence. I 've became very depressed and anxious. I am naturally fairly moody... but this has been terrible. It made me think my boyfriend was a monster. I would yell at him and in my head I. would blame all my depression on him and &quot;how he treated me&quot; which was fine. it the pill made me thing otherwise. it did clear up my skin and I 've actually lost weight... but not worth it because my mental health is so poor. I 'm very very sad and emotional ALL the time. it 's not only sometime. I need to make a switch soon to a different one. don 't recommend because of how I feel about myself and others. makes you very depressed can 't stress it
I now have Tardive Dyskinesia, no cure, no treatment. Parkinsonian side effects don 't always go away. Reglan was good for Gastroparesis but has side effects. Don 't take for more than 6 weeks or three months. It also now MUST warn the dangers of continuous use.
Increased seizures, suicidal thoughts, depression, walking ability is unsteady.  I really am not having much success with this drug.
This was my first birth control experience. I have been an emotional wreck since starting the pill. I cry about nothing (used to be more in control of that) and I 've gained 10 pounds in 6 months (without changing diet or exercise). I also have felt more tired and incredibly anxious which was unusual. Can someone find a birth control that actually works :)
Depakote turned me into a moody mad man not knowing who I would be from one minute till the next. Am off it now and mood has stabilized.
I was switched to Invokana to reduce my A1C  . The first month I had no negative experiences with the medication. However,  I took the pills for  two more weeks and developed a  serious urinary tract and yeast infection. I was able to clear the infections with Monistat and AZO. I stopped taking the Invokana.  About a week later I  developed boils on my thumb, upper thighs and vaginal area which I was able to clear with Neosporin with the exception of one on my thigh which would not drain. I finally went to the Emergency.  The boil was lanced and drained while I was put on an IV for antibiotics and pain meds. It took six weeks to heal. Another two weeks and I have another boil on my vaginal area. This has been a very painful experience.
I read all the reviews and still thought I could beat the odds and it &quot;might&quot; work for me. The first day of taking it I was so shaky, nauseous, and it made me even more depressed than usual. I am not on any other meds so I figured I would try this first since my doctor just kept recommending it to me. NEVER AGAIN!!! Even if you think your that 1 in a million who won 't get the side effects don 't risk it!! There 's so many others out there to try it 's not even worth the one day of being suicidal and miserable
I had this birth control put in a few months ago and since then I have suffered from at least 6 severe migraines.  No sex drive at all what so ever....definitely moody, and constantly bleeding....I thought this would be a good birth control because I can 't remember to take the pills but let 's just say getting in out in a week. Hopefully I will be myself again quite soon.
My daughter was prescribed depo lupron when she was about 6 years old.  I would never recommend it to any one. She gained alot of weight. Became obese, has a lot of stretch marks, has high cholesterol, high sugar levels, sleep apnea, uses a cpap machine to sleep. She fights with me to binge eat. I am so sad I feel guilty for using this drug. I wish I would have let her get her period she would have only struggled for a little bit with that, than with a life time of health issues. Who cares if they stay shorter, short is beautiful too, and even big is beautiful but this med gives health problems that did exist. I feel like I scarred her for life :(
At age 18 I got on the depo and I liked it. The only think I didn 't like was that I had to go every 3 months. I have two kids. After my 2nd child I got on the nexplanon was on in for 3 years got it removed and back in. I 'm 28 years old now and my weight is the same no acne but my mood swings are so crazy. I 'm starting to hate the person I am. On top of that hair loss I had thick hair just a few months ago and now my hair is thin. Not only that but no period at all since I had it put back in. Now I 'm not sure what to do. I know I want to get it removed but I 'm not sure what other birth control to use.
Taken for chronic neck pain. Not only did it not help my neck pain but also triggered a migraine and made me very nauseous. It also caused drowsiness and chills.
I was 26 years old and taking Wellbutrin for about 5 months. Within those 5 months I became increasingly unmotivated, less energetic, and my depression worsened. I had terrible mood swings and was generally unpleasant to be around. My thoughts were not my own anymore, as I had horrific thoughts that were scary and confusing to me. Then came the night that I swallowed an entire prescription bottle of it. My thoughts were that either it would finally work and make me happy or it would just kill me so I wouldn 't suffer anymore. I am obviously still here and I am so grateful for that! I stopped it and was put on Paxil. So much better for me! I 'm a happy girl again!
I started this pill in November 2015 and now in April of  '16 I am FED UP!  I have horrible bloating, gas, constipation every day (worsening in the evenings.)  I 've gained over 10 pounds and my abdomen looks like I 'm 3 months pregnant.  I 'm 45 and have no more plans for children.  I can 't exercise this weight off either!  My back is covered in pimples and my chest area has them also. I 've noticed a decrease in my appetite (mainly in the evenings) yet I 'm gaining weight.  I have fatigue and completely random periods.  My doctor, for the record told me that these symptoms I was having were not related to my pill!! So, needless to say, I 'm finding a new Dr.  Peri-menopause stinks!!! You young ladies, exercise while you can and enjoy that body!
Intuniv did not work for my son; he was bouncing off the walls while he was taking it, and having major issues in class! It seems to work the opposite on him!
Worked for bacterial UTI but I got dizzy and numbing on face and had  horrible experience. I would not take it again
Made me lose around 30 percent of my hair. The hair I did have was thin and corse. No side effects other wise, but that was enough to scare me away. Most doctors don 't inform you on how birth control can make you lose hair, but it certainly can.
Made me very itchy and gave me liver dysfunction, doctor says it was a very rare side affect
This pill is awful. This is the very first birth control pill I 've taken and I thought I would write a review to warn other people not to put this in their body. I started the first pack on the first day of my period and my period has not stopped since then. It usually lasts about 4 days and is on a very regular 23 day cycle. This pill has also made me extremely bloated and tired all the time. I recently switched to Mononessa, the generic for Ortho Cyclen. I 'm hoping the bleeding will stop since higher dosages normally mean less chances of breakthrough bleeding or spotting. I 'd also like to warn ladies that this pill has a very high androgen index, so it 's likely that you will experience hair loss. Can 't wait for it to be out of my system.
Found Xtandi to be a waste of time. Instead of aiding or lowering my PSA it raised it to 90 from about 15 when starting it. There was severe fatigue and dizzyness. Not satisfied.
On for one month, my typically high-patience and calm mood changed to constant irrational mood swings, irritability and mild depression.
I had Supartz injections several years ago with good results.  When I moved, the new Dr said Euflexxa had fewer side effects.  This was certainly not the case for me.  I was in constant pain and almost a cripple for 6 months. I couldn 't walk up stairs, or do most of my normal activities.  I spent most days on the couch with bags of ice on both knees. Cortizone was useless. There appears to be no treatment for this side effect.  I am an active person, of normal weight.  Both knees are still swollen, but the pain is better than it was. I read that it could be another 6 months before I feel better.  I wouldn 't recommend this medication to anyone.  It 's not worth the risk of losing 6 months of your life that you 'll never get back.
I was about to change my mind and not have mirena inserted..till my dr told me I would have to pay for it as he had already opened it for insertion .I never got a period, no bleeding,  I lost insurance and refused to rack up more debt in medical bills and just hoped all was good despite constantly being tired migraines daily and bumps in my pelvic area under skin and pain and bloating.  I  went to the hospital for another issue where they did a cat scan  and found both of my ovaries covered in cysts.I  will now at 25 years old be having my ovaries  removed as I have ovarian cancer all I can say is thank goodness I have had 3 kids already. I want to know why  my dr  put in a device known to cause cancer..in someone with a family history
I was on Yaz for almost 3 years. At first it REALLY helped with the symptoms of my PCOS....I had gained so much weight before starting the pill and my ache was horrible. When I got on the pill, acne went away...my weight started to slowly decrease. Now, however I 've been on it for 2 years and all I can say is that it made me feel worse. My weight still has not dropped off (after diets and exercise) I got headaches and I 'm always so tender now. I 've developed GERD, which I never had a problem with before I started the Yaz. I recently JUST stopped taking it and now that I 'm NOT on it I feel more in control over my thoughts and I started noticing roller coaster patterns in my moods from when I was on the Yaz. However I 'm summing up.
I am currently laid in a ball In absolute agony after stopping the depo 2 weeks ago. I started it in October 2015 and the first 9 months were fabulous. On approaching my 4th injection I started bleeding, nothing major but it was constant and I have been like this for the last year. I have maybe 4 days a month of not bleeding. GP has put it down to stress. I have put on 2 stone since starting it, contrary to GP 's belief that I am eating too much and not exercising enough and I feel utterly miserable...However,  nothing compares to coming off it... Excruciating and constant headaches that feel like a permanent hangover,  nausea,  extreme hunger, skin so oily that my head is covered in but the bleeding is something else. Just don 't start.
I have suffered from hereditary clinical depression for several years. The death of my mother, two loved animals (horse and dog), a divorce that is endless and painful, have all added to my depression, and a new doctor prescribed Fetzima. Now I feel totally insane. My stomach hurts every time I eat; my heart pounds to the point that I wonder if I should go to an ER almost every day; I can 't fall asleep and when I do I have stressful nightmares (never had bad dreams before); and every day I feel an anger and rage that makes no sense at all. I have to remind myself to take a deep breath and not act out this new mean personality on my dogs or my friends. No matter what my doctor 's opinion, this poison stops tomorrow.
Had a persistent sinus infection, took 2 875 MG tablets for 3 days. My 3rd night I was so sick, stomach cramps, vomiting, for 15 hours, I stopped taking it.
Not effective in lowering blood pressure. Side effects: fatigue, shortness of breath, pain in both calves, extreme hot flashes and nausea.
I had Botox for overactive bladder six weeks ago and it 's been nothing more than a nightmare for me.  My main issues were frequency and bladder spasms and the Botox has only worsened these issues.  I initially experienced a great deal of bleeding with large clots for 12 hours which I was unaware could occur - only slight spotting had been mentioned.  Within a week I could no longer urinate and a Foley catheter was inserted.  Six weeks on, my bladder remains seized and despite a number of attempts to remove the catheter, my bladder hasn 't improved. I have had two uti 's and been admitted to the emergency dept for severe bladder trauma, urine retention and uti.  I have suffered extreme anxiety as a result of all of this. It 's not for everyone!
My son, then 12, started Paxil for social anxiety after going to a new school. The pediatrician gave us none of the warnings about the drug. He started him on 10 mg/day for 4 weeks and said, &quot;We know this dose does nothing, but we need to load him. After 4 weeks, fill this prescription for 20 mg/day.&quot; At 2-3 weeks, my son was raising his hand and greeting teachers in the hall. At 4 weeks, he initiated a belligerent locker room incident with a boy who mocked him. After doubling the dose, he was verbally aggressive to us and ran away. When we found him, he was soaked in sweat. He later told a friend he 'd &quot;felt like jumping off something but didn 't know what&quot;. His doctor had no idea how to wean him. We found a psychiatrist who did.
Didn 't do anything just like taking 800 mg ibuprofen. I don 't recommend anyone to ever get this if you are in severe pain.
This IUD has given me a horrible experience. My obgyn suggested it after having my baby. Every month I 'm on my cycle for 2-3 weeks and you never know what flow you 'll get. Lately mine 's been heavy. I 'm beyond over this and ready to have it taken out. I thought it would get better but its been 7 looonnngg months
My mother has taken Namenda twice now. The first time she was so confuse after a week I stopped giving it to her. She has gotten worse over the years and for some reason her doctor had given me a new prescription for the same medicine. I tried it for two days and saw my mother become extremely confused so I stop giving it to her. I don 't know why he insisted on Namenda after I told him it didn 't work the first time.
I was on the yaz contraceptive pill for only around 6-8 months, but it was the worst experience. I complained about acne to my doctor and she recommended it, but I did not notice a drastic difference in my breakouts while on the pill. I had been on alesse for 2 years before switching to yaz so I was well aware of some of the side affects to birth control pill use. When I switched to yaz I honestly felt miserable and immediately noticed my sex drive decreased drastically and I had low energy all the time. I had never felt that way while on alesse and I thought perhaps it was only a side effect to just starting the new pill. However, in the entire time I was taking yaz my mood did not change and I felt it best to switch back to alesse.
Itching, sick to my stomach, blood constantly in my nose, shakes, sore throat feel like I have a cold now. Cannot take antihistamines told doctor still insisted. My bites still itch and now I feel ill on a daily basis.
I 've suffered chronic sinusitis for years and after building up a tolenrece for most antibiotics I was put on clarithromycin. After the first day I was experience severe diarrhea and the awful taste in my mouth, it 's now day 4, after the constant chemical taste (absolute torture) and waking up two nights in a row from nightmares I quit. Done taking this and will NEVER take it again. Wasn 't helping my sinus infection anyways.
I 'm a person that constantly forgets to take her birth control pill. So I thought all of the side effects would be cancelled out by not having to remember to take them. I was wrong. Within the first month, I had literally NO sex drive. Within the second month, I became INSANE. The mood changes had me crying daily and arguing with everyone around me. I also started a light period that lasted for the next two months off and on. The worst part about it was that when I decided to not get the shot again, the side effects last for at least another 6 months or more. Plus I ended up gaining (within the three month period) about 30 pounds. Worse decision I ever made. My gyno tried to warn me about it, but I didn 't listen. Seriously consider the pros and cons of this.
I wasted 50 bucks on this! I had a horrible experience and wished I had read these reviews before I used it. It gave me horrible rebound flushing after one use! This stuff should not be on the market!
Felt suddenly spaced-out, sat down at my work  desk and passed out. Luckily I was already in a hospital.  A friend took this med and also passed out.  She wasn 't so lucky. She fell and suffered a concussion.
Horrible. Horrible. Horrible!!! Do NOT take reclipsen. I 'm finishing off my 2nd week and I 've been miserable! My heart rate has been crazy. I 've been having panic attacks that I haven 't had in a long time. I 've had a migraine for 2 days now. Nothing will make it go away. I 've basically OD on headache medicine. I 've felt so dizzy and light headed. My depression has came back. Screwed up my sleep. Super nauseous. No appetite. Some people say they 've gained weight, but I 've lost 7 pounds in 2 weeks, NOT the healthy way. I 've been so miserable and it 's sooo not worth it!! Save yourself and DO NOT TRY IT!!!!!!
This has been a horrible experience. I have been on this for 6 months. It was effective for one week. I felt fantastic for that week. No pain at all. But since then the constant aching in my legs has progressed to keeping me up most of the night practically in tears. Now I am stuck in the fun task of getting off the medication.
I took 2 pills at 3:00pm and fell asleep just woke up at 10:00pm. I still have a fever and coughing intensely. Did not work for me at all.
The absolute worst experience with an antiemetic I have ever had. I literally panicked in the hospital to the point I almost pulled my iv out. Zofran stopped working for my hyperemesis gravidum...but I would rather live with nausea vomiting day in and out then feel the uncontrolled anxiety and restlessness I felt with compazine!
I took 2 pills at 6 pm right after supper and by 3:30am I woke up to excruciating abdominal pain. I went to the bathroom and could not sit upright on the toilet. I sat there for about 15 mins and had a bowel movement. I crawled back on the bed and almost passed out. I was sweating so bad and cold chills. I 'm jerking all my clothes off laying naked. I was hurting so bad. I moaned and rolled on the bed from the pain. It 's 7:35pm the next day, been over 24 hours since taking the medicine and I 'm still cramping. I 've had 6 bowel movements so far. I thought maybe my body just couldn 't handle laxatives but reading other reviews it could possibly be the product. Never again will I take a laxative.
Used to get hallucinations at times in the night after using pioglitazone. Scary side effect. My doctor changed me over to a different combination.
By 3rd night of use, it became ineffective. My system built up tolerance quickly. Fourth night I took 40 mgs and only 4 hours of sleep. Dr. just prescribed a months worth. Now I must find an alternative while I ween myself off temazepam. Not easy since I wasn 't getting any sleep at all before I started.
This product is horrible. You would think that after applying this cream you would feel like at least somewhat better and at ease, well that 's not the case here. It made my lady parts burn and itch to the point where I couldn 't take it anymore and had to take a shower for 40min and I 'm still in discomfort! And no it does not feel better after 3 hours, yes your symptoms of the YI improve but I 'm telling you it 's not worth it!
Part 2) Still frustrated by toenail fungus, in June 2017, I asked a foot doctor to prescribe generic Lamisil. Less than a week after I started taking it, I started getting fevers &amp; chills, my urine turned dark, I had a loss of appetite, trouble sleeping and felt itchy all over. I felt terrible but hoped I could get through it by taking Advil for the fevers/chills and Benydryl for the itching. Then I got a rash on my upper body again. None of the other side effects were going away. I discontinued use. Lab work showed my liver count was high. After a few days off Terbinafine all negative side effects have stopped. I will go back for lab work again next week and expect it to show my liver function to be normal.  Use caution with this drug!
Ever since I had Implanon inserted I was not having any kind of side effects until 3 months later I noticed my periods real heavy and lasted for a week which is not normal for me. 2 weeks later after my period is non stop I spot everyday and on days will have heavy bleeding. Implanon is not for me. 
Doctor prescribed me this medication for my elevated blood pressure. Mostly due to my anxiety. Only took pill for 2 days before ending up in the hospital for an extreme heart rate. Stopped taking the pill. But suffered with fast heart rate for the next 2 days.
I hate this birth control pill. It is the first Birth Control pill I have taken and I have taken it for one and a half cycles. So far I am not pleased at all! I take the pill at about 11:00pm every night and I haven 't missed a day. About one week in I got acne which I haven 't struggled with for several years (I am 23). I have gotten my period both cycles half a pack in and I also got it on the scheduled time after finishing the first pack. Basically I am getting a normal (heavy) period every two weeks. This pill has also made my breasts tender and larger (I have had to go up a size). I often don 't feel well and have loss of appetite. Seriously go a different route this pill is terrible!
Started May 8 and two weeks later had full blown period with bad cramping lots of blood clots and heavy bleeding. Prior to taking this medicine I had extremely light spotting once every4 to 6 weeks.  According to the FDA I should not have been taking this since I was post menopausal
I started this birth control about a week ago and 2 days. Today I will NOT ever be taking this pill again and calling my doctor come Monday morning. I took this pill after doing some research and seeing if maybe the cause of my severe depression and anxiety was hormonally related. My gynecologist didn 't ask me any questions about my past hospitalizations due to suicidal thoughts/attempts. I read front and back this medication and only saw suicidal thoughts as side effects to the higher dose. Let me tell you this pill made everything 100% heightened. My anxiety has never been so bad. I took lexapro and trazedon together for 6 months and stopped because I couldn 't function as a regular person. Talk with your psychiatrist &amp; gyno before taking
I 've been taking this medication regularly for the past month and want to cry.  I 'm 20 years old, a healthy female, and was diagnosed with pseudotumor cerebri.  I call my mom nearly everyday complaining of a new pain.  From the horrible tingly sensation in my hands and feet, to the horrible confusion, and now extreme pain in my abdomen, I 'm ready for this all to stop.  I 'm on 500 mg/daily and can 't even operate my vehicle!  I am always so out of it it makes finished my homework assignments difficult let alone to constant new pains I always complain about.  I am pretty tough but when it comes to seeing my doctor every week due to the side effects of this medication, it 's not worth it.
Natazia made me moody (teary-eyed for no reason), caused me to have periods ranging from 3 days to 14 days, and caused ocular migraines as frequent as 5 days in a row.
HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE with this drug. Immediately after I used it at bedtime, I started feeling a burning sensation down there. I woke up at 3:30 a.m. with severe burning and couldn 't go back to sleep. Then when I went to the bathroom, I was bleeding from down there, and no, it is not my monthly cycle. And it has not helped my problem; it made it worse. PLEASE, MONISTAT MANUFACTURER, TAKE THIS TERRIBLE DRUG OFF THE MARKET before more women have the experience I had. I would not even give this drug to a rat.
While on Mepron, I noticed a gradual intensification of depression and psychological manifestations.  At first I was not concerned and just attributed it to temporary hormonal fluctuations or whatever.  As the fourth month approached, it had became much more intense and consistent. I was not making any progress in any other area and I could no longer deny the effect the Mepron was having on me.  Did not help me at all!
I was having a bad panic attack/anxiety (slight depression as a result) relapse and in my haste I decided to try zoloft starting at 25mg. I took one pill and it resulted in: worse anxiety, cold sweats, trembling, a bad high feeling, panic, nausea, no appetite. I am still stuck with the effects to a lesser degree and it has been over 24 hrs since the dose. Truly feels like a Horrible MDMA high, with zero fun. Apparently takes 120-500 hrs to get out of your system fully from one dose. I have not had luck trying any SSRI 's as my horrific side effects start immediately. I should have trusted my gut and gone through counselling again-which I am!
Unprotected sex two days after my period ended, within 30 mins I took econtra ez. I am incredibly worried due to rumors that generic brands of plan b don 't work. I don 't know anyone who 's ever taken this pill and I 'm absolutely freaking out. Should I go buy regular plan b and take that to?
Omg guys u will not believe the last 26hrs I 've had since I took two of those pills yest at 3pm.. Nothing happened n tuk another one this am Literally bowled over in pain for the whole day yest til about ten mins ago and I 'd swear I was giving birth like it was a big massive whopper of a baby coming out the pressure was so severe I thought I 'd have to go to hospital. Thank god I feel so much better now. Never again.
I have a urinary tract infection and was prescribed this medication along with phenazo, which takes the burn out of urination. They warned me that Macrobid might cause slight stomach upset but I threw up four times in a row last night and feel nauseous all the time (regardless of how much I eat).I had a UTI a few years ago and was prescribed a pill that caused no stomach upset. Why are they prescribing macrobid now?
I 'm taking abilify with an antidepressant to stabilize my mood. It just makes me shakey and agitated. Before Abilify my mood would be up and down. But now I 'm just down and agitated all the time.
Wellbutrin did not work for me; made me more depressed, joint pain, muscle pain and ringing in ears.
This was a huge mistake for me. Do not take it. I wish i read the reviews before i got it. I only got one shot which last for 3 months, and only in three months igained 10 pounds!  My life style didn 't change I was working out pretty much every day and eating helthy still I got bigger than before. Everything got worse when I discontinued the shot, i got super sad and crying for no reason,  my energy is 0 right now, i just wanna be in bed all day, i am sleepy during tye day. The acne seems to increase a lot, even in unusual areas like my scalp. My period is super mess up,  i bleed for two months, i don 't wanna have sex. I knew about the side effects before but I didn 't know that it gets worse even stopping the shot, this too much to handle
My first expulsion happened two days after insertion. Tried using Paragard again, and my body rejected it after a week.  I like the concept on Paragard and I wish it would 've worked for me.
Omg I thought I had pain before but as soon as I inserted Monistat 3 I was in tears.   The burning and itching was so bad I started bleeding!!!!!   It now hurts to urinate.   I instantly washed it off and finally got some relief.  Monistat....NEVER AGAIN!
I 've only been on tri-sprintec for a month and I 'm already having severe side effects. Nausea, headaches, acne worse than I 've ever had in my life, and the worst, severe anxiety and depression.  The second week I experienced suicidal intrusive thoughts that caused me to go into panic attacks. The only upside for me was that it helped my heavy flow and shortened my period from 6 or 7 days to 4 days. I would much rather live with a long, heavy period than what I went through for a week straight.
Nuva ring has done its purpose in a very effective way to prevent pregnancy considering it prevents without having to remember to take it everyday. However, I have been over come with horrible anxiety. Anxiety has always been a problem for me but I was always able to manage with therapy and medicine for almost 5 years now. 2 months on the Nuva ring and I feel crazy. I 'm paranoid, constantly making up scenarios and pretty much convincing myself they are true and not to mention I feel helpless. I am not a cryer but I cry everyday now. I 'm also tired constantly and have experienced pretty intense headaches and a lower sex drive. My friends and family have told me as well that I seem off. I took it out today in hopes of getting better.
I switched from Vestura (generic Yaz) to Jolivette about a month and a half ago - I thought perhaps the Vestura was causing me to have a lower-than-usual libido.  At first I felt no different, which was to be expected as a switch can take time to kick in.  Just after I started my second pack I began to feel constantly and uncomfortably bloated.  I read around and found that this severe bloating had affected many other users of Jolivette.  It 's unbearable and makes me feel like I 'm always pregnant!  I did take a couple tests just to be sure I wasn 't and I 'm not, just feeling super uncomfortable 24/7.   I asked my pharmacy to switch me back to Vestura - the constant discomfort is not worth the possibility of a slightly increased libido
Ok today is my 1st day starting on 3.75mg-23mg capsule. Today is 10/5/2017 and I have the free 2 week trial starting weight is 222lb and I would love to lose at least 50lbs. So far I had a protein shake for breakfast, a salad with grilled salmon and one boiled egg for lunch brought from home and drinking water all day. I will try to remember to check in weekly with updates. I can 't rate this yet but I will in a couple of weeks
My son and daughter are 18 months apart so BC was needed. I wanted a BC that I didn 't have to worry about daily so Mirena seemed like the perfect choice...especially since all my friends raved about it. It 's horrible! I got it inserted February 2015 during my 6wks follow-up after my son was born. I bled everyday until  May. I have to wear a liner everyday now b/c I never know when I 'll bleed (heavy or lite)...my poor husband! My hair is thinning.  I get headaches like everyday, along with cramping. This shit is awful. I 'm getting it removed next month...I wish there was an appointment available SOOO much sooner though!
I started this new tresiba, was the first person in the state to start it.  Right afterwards, when i did the switch from levemir to tresiba, I caught the worst cold known in the history of man, and i mean BAD too,  I was so tired, and at night i coughed so bad, i 'd lose my breath.  Doctor told me I don 't have a cold, as my lungs were crystal clear.  No matter what I did I could not get rid of this cold, and it got worse by the day.  I began to become suspicious when no one and I mean not a one around me caught this miserable cold.  I put 2 and 2 together, and I said it must be tresiba.  went back on levemir, and the cold was gone in 48 hours.  No pharmacy knew about this or adverse effects, it was that new.  Never again.
I have taken this drug for 2 days, and I am stopping.  I am experiencing the worst insomnia from this med., only one I have added.  I was prescribed Rexulti for anxiety and depression.
End up a A&amp;E screaming in pain in neck &amp; arm, any movement made it worse. Back there following night even worse, even though I was given 2mg diezapan &amp; codeine. Zero effect. Emergency appointment with GP increased to 5mg. Lots of sleep but no pain relief at all, if anything got worse. 6 weeks off work. Seeing specialist for  CT scan and having something injected. This was caused by cheap nasty keyboards as speed more important than ergonomic keyboard or regular breaks to stretch or proper desks. Tired of being tired.
Only took it one time, my lips swelled up so much.
Absolutely horrible, unless you like feeling dopey, drugged &amp; hungover for 3 days after a single dose! It did help my allergies but the side effects are much too pronounced &amp; severe to warrant ever taking it again. I 'd rather suffer!
I am on fire like I have poured acid up there. Same as everyone else crying and rolling in the bed. I had to wash this off and pray to fall asleep. This is in the garbage.
I took Cipro for only three days for a bladder infection. I was left with ankle/tendon pain and diahrrea for three months. I had no clue what was happening to me. Turns out lots have had the same reaction to this class of antibiotic.
I started this med as I have both RA and Systemic Lupus.  It did nothing for me and we added Methotrexate, still no benefit.  Added Enbrel, no better.  My eyesight was beginning to  fail so I stopped all of them.  My weight ballooned up by 25lbs!!  I have found no mainline meds to help and had to turn to Traditional Chinese Medicine for relief.  Works great for me.  I am still hoping to find something in the regular vein of meds to help and not hurt me.  My insurance will not cover the help of the Traditional Chinese Medicine that is helping.  What 's up with that?
Started taking Niacin-B3 500mg a month ago at bed time. About 3 weeks into it I would wake up with stomach pains with the feeling of vomiting, I also had loose bowels, legs hurt, dry skin and itchy rash skin. Stopped taking the meds instantly and called my Dr. Still suffering with rash and itch.
I had moderate hormonal breakouts and was prescribed this by my dermatologist. He raved about its effects although it was a &quot;newer&quot; product on the market. He admitted that he was biased because he was a spokesman for this medication (red flag - no celebrity uses proactive and no doc pushes meds unless they 're getting paid for it.) used it for 3 months which he said most patients saw an 85% success rate -  I was not one of those patients. If anytbibf my skin was worse while using aczone. I had more breakouts than ever before and in areas I hadn 't had breakouts in. They were more red and frequent than when I started using aczone. Everyone reacts to mess differently but this was a huge waste of time and money that in the end made my acne worse
I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism in November of 2016. Outside of lacking energy I was happy and healthy.  They prescribed levothroxine 50 mcg. Since starting this medication I can 't stop gaining weight, I have severe edema in my lower legs and joint pain.  Doctor and pharmacist don 't think these are side effects but nothing else has changed.  I feel like I 've aged 10 years in 6 months. I most likely will discontinue and suffer the effects of hypothyroidism rather than take this poison
I was prescribed 500 mg tablets twice daily for 7 days. This has been a truly awful experience. Throwing up constantly, horrible heartburn, insomnia, exhaustion, heart racing, sugar cravings, HORRIBLE migraines, light sensitivityThe side effects almost made me give up several times. But I stuck it out and took the medicine. Now I 'm cured of my infection, but I 'm not sure if it was worth suffering through the medication or not.
Nightmare! I was on the xulane birth control patch for 2 full months. I have felt like a complete Zombie with no energy at all. I can feel depression, anxiety and mood swings getting worse. I 'm starting to get headaches and nausea which I have never experienced before. The patch doesn 't stick very well on the skin. I 've gotten rashes and it 's always itchy at the site. I 'm giving up on birth control because the crippling mental side effects are not worth it. I 'm going back to condoms forever. BEWARE the mental/emotional side effects sneak up on you over time.
This was my first time on any birth control and I did not have a good experience. This birth control made me nauseous, gave me headaches, caused me to gain weight, gave me HORRIBLE break outs, and even made me sick. I took this for less than a week, I will never recommend this to somebody. I was put on this by my doctor so I hadn 't had a chance to look it up before I got on it. This is not a thing I will take again or give another chance. I suggest trying something different.
Experienced choking, headaches and after using for 2 weeks progresssively worse nose bleeds.  I ended up in the emergency today, my nose is a mess inside.  Cauterizations two days in a row, patches put on the area that have been bleeding.  Now I can take no nasal spray until everything heals.  I have taken Nasonex for several years and like it but my mail pharmacy stopped carrying it.  Threw away 3 containers of the horrible Dymista.
I took this medicine for a sinus infection. Worked great for that but the side effects for me were unbearable.  On day 7 of the medicine I had the worst stomach cramps that I have ever had and diarrhea. Sleepiness was a constant, slept all day and night. Had no desire to eat at all.  Had chills, cough, fever, severe headaches, irritability, heartburn and greatly decreased frequency of urination.  
The Nexplanon was awful for me! The only positive thing about it was my periods were reduced to a few days of spotting. It gave me awful anxiety and daily panic attacks. After doing some research this isn 't as uncommon as I thought. I just got it removed and I 'm going to give the Paragard a try. Hopefully it will work better for me because Nexplanon was a nightmare!
I was diagnosed with an antibiotic-resistant UTI in February 2015 and put on macrobid pending IV administration of a carbapenum and after two courses of cipro. I can 't say for sure, but strongly suspect, that the macrobid caused an intracranial inflammatory response that precipitated rapid-onset hydrocephalus, for which I required surgical intervention in the form of a shunt. My brain felt hot and swollen, and I developed hideous prickly headaches, a shuffling gait and a tendency to walk into broom closets. When I called my doc and said I thought my brain was being killed by the stuff, she said, so, stop taking it. I 'll never know if the macrobid was a cause, an agent, or happenstance, but would strongly urge extreme caution.
This BC pill is not for me. I have bled everyday since starting this pill and have had anxiety attacks (which I have never experienced before).
Never had so many thoughts really down thoughts as I did well on this medication. Also, daily dosage only lasted 4-6 hours before effect decreased rapidly. Generic Adderall lasts longer with no downers. This one was not the godsend I had hoped it would be.
I have been on Implanon for almost a year. I have gained over twenty pounds. I was always skinny before. I suffer now from depression. I have weeks of bleeding and no sex drive. 
This is the second time I 've tried these for that awful cough I get with a common cold. These do nothing to help suppress it. Both times I 've been prescribed it, I 've ended up going back to the doctors for further help. This medication does nothing to help my cough at all. Wish it did...
HORRIBLE medication. This is my first review for anything but I felt I had to say something. I was on oxycodone 10/325 for years for chronic pain and never had a problem with side effects. Since being on Oxaydo, from day one, I 've felt sick. Stomach pain and burning, nausea, constipation, horrible headaches and bouts of dizziness not to mention I 'm in more pain now than ever. I 've barely left the house since I started this crap. While I think an abuse-deterrent is a great idea, something is not right with this medication.
Background info: I am not sexually active and I was hoping that Sprintec would help control an unruly menstrual cycle. I am on my third pack month of Sprintec. Cannot. Stop. Bleeding. I have been spotting daily and occasionally bleeding for the last month... will be seeing a doctor soon!!!
I have had horrible mood swings and have gained weight. I never know when or if I 'm going to get my period and my poor husband has had to deal with my mood swings. I was on Ortho-Tri-Cyclen-Lo for 2 years before this and never had a problem. I 'm changing back.
I got Implanon on August 6th 2013. Soon after I noticed non-stop bleeding, and mood swings. I cried very often, and also ended a relationship. I went through depression, anxiety and had serious headaches. I haven 't quit bleeding for more than a week since I 've been on it. I don 't recommend it to anyone under 18.
My insurance now makes me take the generic, eletriptan with only 6 tablets a month. First time I have to use the generic I was sicker than I have ever been. It was like I was never on medicine. I vomited twice, lost all my equilibrium, couldn 't eat. Had to call out of work. Now I have to be a guinea pig again to find something that works for my migraines. I get sinus, cluster and tension migraines.  Not looking forward to this.
I take the medication once in a while and I get terrible headaches in the morning 
I can 't believe all these negative reviews! The only praises I hear are ones that sound like &quot;stage actors&quot; who are planted in to these websites and being paid to boast about the wonders of this medicine. This medication was created because Shire no longer held the patent of Adderall, so came up with a new drug for doctors to push so Shire could make more money again-  at the same time, all the generics of adderall that ones were so great, are now weak and inferior. I 've never been so depressed and feel there is nothing to look forward to anymore after having adderall pulled out from underneath my feet. I just plug through my days just to get the day over with. My family suffers due to BIG PHARMA GREED!
At first it helped a little. Didn 't help me fall to sleep but I woke up less. The effects were short lived 9 months later and I am up to 300 MG experiencing 2-6 hours of broken sleep per night.
I don 't know how anyone can tolerate this drug. It made my anxiety ten times worse, gave me bad thoughts, and made me feel like a zombie for 2 weeks. I think experiencing this medication and then getting off it helped my anxiety much more than the medicine itself did.
After reading the reviews a month ago I decided to wait before taking this drug. I used natural supplements to boost my Seratonin level, I think that was working. I still was feeling depressed though, mostly due to family and marital problems, fix those issue and everything else would fall into place, I have been praying for that. So I decided to take this citalopram 10mg. that my Dr. felt I needed, as he said I 'm depressed. Which I am.I took it for four  days and feel like a zombie, very tired, confused, not thinking clearly, weak, and can 't sleep. I know it is supposed to take a few weeks, but no thank you. Most people who have reported here have been on one or more depression drugs on and off for a longtime.. never been on any drugs,
I don 't have schizophrenia I am undiagnosed. I was having issues with family and certain things in my life. Taking this meds made me feel worse with most of my symptoms. I had moments where I felt over tranquillized and trouble communicating how I really felt. I know I felt better before the medication. Now that I am off of it my list of negative side effects is quite large. I wouldn 't reccomend this medication to anyone. Especially if you have an endless diagnosis in the first place. Be careful believing what your Drs say. They get all of their recommendations from pharmaceutical companies. Once I was off of this medication Drs. Refuse to listen to me. They just recommend I take it again or take other drugs. They refuse to admit their mistakes. They refuse to acknowledge anything.
I am 19 years old and because of how bad my cramps used to be I have been on birth control since I was 15. I was recently on sprintec and because of how high the dose was I started taking minastrin 24 fe.. I first read the reviews which I didn 't like so much, but decided to try it anyway... I started this pill and immediately my boobs got about a size bigger( which I didn 't need), I have been bloated for weeks and my hair has been literally falling out. I am not one who goes by reviews because everyone 's body is different, but honestly this pill has been a nightmare, and I would never recommend this to anyone
The whole thing is absolutely worthless. What people don 't share is how to become pregnant after that.  Seems to be a serious problem.  I won 't even mention this madness with spotting, constant cramps and bleeding for 2 weeks. Also the pain that comes with the procedure. I 've had a PID( get educated on it before waving it) right  2 months  after insert. I was aware But refused to believe. Fallopian tube inflammatory as a result. Got that thing out 4 years ago. Still no kids. A woman that advised me Mirena ended up with endometriosis that appeared due to IUD after being taken out. They 've been trying to have kids for years. She is officially infertile now. Everything worked out perfect though for my best friend until they decided on a baby. I regret it
I got it when I was 21-22 years old. I was excited about it at first because you don 't get periods and it 's every 3 months. However I did get spotting in between, which was expected. The worst part about it was the effect it had on my mood swings. I got severely depressed and had high anxiety and would lash out a lot. I was also hungry all the time and probably gained 5lbs at most. It really affected my performance in school and my close relationships.
The side effects. Today I went to the Dr with symptoms of cloudy urine and frequent urination. I was diagnosed with a bladder infection and I was prescribed Macrobid, 2x po daily for 5 days. I 've taken this medication before for a UTI and I was fine, but for some reason, I took this pill 2 hours ago and already I feel the sensation to gag every time a breathe in. This kind of nausea feels detestable. I 'm so uncomfortable. I also got severe back pain and tight chest out of nowhere. I can 't believe this.
In 2011 a doctor prescribed this medication for my 82 year ol mother for a severe UTI... given in lieu of hospitalization. Within an hour of the first dose she became very ill, nauseated and vomiting. She was taken by ambulance to the hospital where her heart stopped.  During the next two days on life support her systems began to fail.  She died the morning of the second day.   Doctors would not contribute her sudden illness and death to the medication, but there is no other explanation.  We discovered later that this drug is not recommended for older people.  I can only say that a healthy woman died after taking one dose.  Her cause of death was listed as heart failure &amp; renal failure, but no cause for either.  Ask for an alternative treat
I went to the ER with a terrible migraine. No warning of side effects, and while I was anticipating relief from the migraine the complete opposite and possibly even worse happened..It started with a little fidgeting and not being able to get comfortable in the hospital bed, and then I went from 0 to 60 as far as a freak out. I have never felt like that before my life and it was quite possibly the worst feeling ever. I was alone in the hospital because my husband had to be home with the kids and it was so frightening. I wanted to crawl out of my skin,my heart was racing and I was clawing at my face,and I had uncontrollable full body movements.I wanted it to stop and all I kept asking for was help and for someone to make it stop. NEVER AGAIN!
I have suffered migraines since I was in grade school (I 'm now 45). My headaches used to come on in the late afternoon and put me in bed for the rest of the day but I would wake up next morning feeling ok. Now my headaches come on about 3-4 in the morning and last 2 days of non stop vomiting and pain. The doctor put me on Topamax daily but the side effects keep causing me to overheat in the Texas weather. The doctor just put me on sumatriptan 100mg and I just had an attack 2 days ago. I took 1 pill and it did nothing. 3 hours later I took a second dose and I still ended up in bed for 14 hours. 
My experience with this medication has been absolutely horrible!! I have been taking it for 2 months, I have severe bloating, gas, and bad diarrhea. Can 't even leave my home. My doctor told me to cut back to one pill every other day, and its like it has completely stopped working I have bad pain and nothing coming out! I have had ins-c for 14 years, and I just wish they could come up with something that works and that 's not so harsh on your bowels! It 's absolutely terrible!!!
I had surgery on a Thursday and was warned that the pain pills make you constipated, so I already had some Dulcolax pink pills in my cabinet I hadn 't used yet so figured they would work. Surgery was Thursday, and by Monday after I still hadn 't had a bowel movement, so I figured I would take the maximum daily dose - 3 pills - and sleep on it. Woke up, feeling no different than I had since the surgery. Took 3 more with my morning meds. At 7 pm, had a normal bowel movement and felt better. 20 min later though, I suffered the worst cramps and pain I 've ever felt. I LITERALLY lost 3 pounds from shitting. Oh, then I woke up the next morning and had shit the bed - first time ever; hopefully last. It 's now been 24 hours of horrific pain and cramps.
It started to clear up my acne, but then made me get really dry under eye circles. And then I had a reaction to it and I would wake up every morning with swollen eyes.
I took Exlax yesterday morning and a few hours later screaming with pain.. I 've puked and puked from the pain in my belly.will never use again and it 's been 36 hours and still no bowl movement just horrible pain.
I have been on this medicine for almost two weeks. Has helped my mood and curbed my cravings and eat almost nothing and have NOT LOST ONE SINGLE POUND!!! I can 't tell you how disappointed I am....and for what I paid for it!!!! This is a total rip off.
I 've only had two YI. The first one went away within a couple days. This one im currently going through started Saturday. It is currently thursday, and I decided to try monistat. I put in the ovule and used the cream and felt immediate relief. After about 30 minutes It felt very runny down there. I went to the bathroom, and when i layed back down, all hell broke loose. I felt an immense burning in and around my vagina. If this doesnt feel better by tomorrow, i will not be using monistat for the fact that the side affects hurt a million times more than the actual infection. Praying its better in the morning! Putting a cold wash cloth on it helps.
So..  I had sex for the first time ever with my boyfriend .... And I 'm on the nuvaring... He didn 't have any protection.. But we thought that it would be OK... Because of the birth control.. Well..... I 'm pregnant.
I thought at first taking thsi was going to help me mellow out with my severe PMDD.  My period pretty much disappeared after 2 months, but I began having bad anxiety, tired and hungry all the time, bloated and swollen.  My hair also began falling out more than usual.  I stopped it about a week ago, and have so much more energy and feel bacl on track.  I 'm not sure what my periods are going to be like now, but the pills side effects are not worth it to me.
Have been on blisovi Fe 1/20 pill for 2-3 years. I had ups and downs on it, but mostly downs. Had very bad anxiety, mood swings, and low sex drive/libido. Now most recently, have been experiencing bad dryness making sex more unpleasurable. Worked at preventing pregnancy though.
I have taken this medicine since it first came out.  I felt the tingle of a new sore the other day and bought a bottle of Abreva (this bottle has a pump to supply the medication which is more liquidish).  After 2 days of use I realized that no only had the Abreva NOT worked, my cold sore had spread to 3 times the original size and was still contagious (tingly and sore).  I mentioned this to my husband who said we had an older squeeze tube of Abreva (paste consistency) in his bathroom and he suggested I try that instead.  After 12 hours, 2 applications, the cold sore is already getting better.  My guess is that the makers of Abreva have watered down the active ingredient so much that it is no longer effective so they make more money.
I 've had a few UTIs recently and the antibiotics has worked every time but this time I was prescribed Macrobid and after one pill I felt pretty horrendous. The symptoms of my UTI went away but it was replaced with really scary symptoms. I took the second pill not thinking it was side effects considering I 've never had a bad experience with an antibiotic but woke up during the night feeling like my breathing was so heavy I wasn 't sure if I 'd need to go to hospital. The headache was unreal, I ached all over and walked about feeling like I was going to fall down any minute and like I was drunk or something. Called the doctor who told me to get an antihistamine and not take another. I felt poisoned! Still not fully recovered.
My doctor prescribed me to try this pill as my first time in birth control. Initially I spotted for a good two weeks and when I did get my period it lasted few days and was into the next month of pills already. Side affects I 've noticed though is I have not felt good, and as I already suffer from anxiety and depression this made it a million times worse. I don 't necessarily recommend this pill but that 's just from my results of taking it the last two months
Cymbalta/Duloxatine is evil. I was prescribed it for fibromyalgia. I have had jaw pain and stiffness, 50 lb weight gain (very uncharacteristic, for me, binge eating), leg pain, muscle pain and twitching, lung fullness and coughing, high blood pressure, blurred vision, chest pain, unsteady gait, shortness of breath. My Dr refused to accept Cymbalta/Duloxatine as a reason for symptoms and was upset with me. She increased dosage from 30mg to 60mg to 90mg in 6 months. My health kept deteriorating. She wanted me to do a sleep study, saying I must not be sleeping/breathing well. I am currently looking for another Dr and awaiting Cymbalta/Duloxatine in a bead form (instead of the 6 pills in mine) so I can taper off at a 5% or less rate.
I had/having a horrible time with this medication. Currently trying to wean off with my MDs help. I 've had every listed side effect and subsequent health problems that required expensive work ups. Most dramatically I developed vertigo and severe headaches after being on the med for about 3-4 months. Vertigo was debilitating and required time off of work and multiple doctor appointments to rule out other conditions.  I also had electrical zings and numbness and tingling down my body. The weaning has been the most problematic causing these awful side effects to worsen. I 'm a registered nurse and I would never recommend this drug to anybody. I did not feel any benefits for my depression.
After 12 days of use there was no change in my pain.
This is the most uncomfortable experience of my life. I put it on before bed and ended up staying up till 3 am. More burning and irritation than before medication. So terrible. I suggest oral pills. Fuck this
I went to Urgent Care Center today for a sinus infection. I got a prescription and was told to take mucinex D. I took it a couple of hours ago and I 've been feeling weird ever since. It 's ineffective so far and I feel kind of dizzy. I want it out of my system NOW.
I had my first injections today painful but not terrible. My doc gave me Ativan 1mg po next time I 'll ask for Valium 10mg po next time. I 'm still having bleeding. They did not tell me to stop placix and ASA so if you take either or both ask. I 'll call my doc tomorrow sat and check on that. I 'm encouraged by all the good comments on this forum.
It didn 't help me at all. I craved chocolate all the time. Not worth the 75.00 a month.
What a waste of time and money!  Easiest prep I 've ever done, but no results for 13 hours after 1st dose, then took 2nd dose 6 hours before procedure and got no more results at all.  Had to cancel procedure.  Took 2 more days to get the Prepopik out of my system!  Now I get to go back and discuss alternative preps and do it all over again.
Took only 3 pills that were only 4mg each and after the third pill had heart palpitations, my arms felt numb, nausea, felt so very hungry even after eating. Cannot take this med. Too many side effects.
Third day on Movantik. No difference at all. Does it take a while for it to begin working? I wouldn&rsquo;t see why? Disappointed!
Plan b doesn 't work! I literally took it four hours after unprotected sex with my boyfriend! That was last month on the 22 of last month and I found out I was pregnant today!
Using this product was an awful experience for me. Granted it was how my body reacted, not the drug itself.. but when you can 't take it out or stop using it.. it 's miserable. So ladies.. if you hate having your period.. don 't get this put in.. because.. I 'll have mine for MONTHS at a time. I 've had a heavy flow period now for over 2 weeks. Literally the whole month of November so far.. and today is the 16th. HEAVY. Not spotting. Just keep that in mind while making your decision! Only good thing is sex but you can only have it like ... once a month. Ruins vacations. It 's awful. If I could cut it out myself I would.
This is ridiculous!  I wish I read all of the bad publicity for Monistat prior to using. I hate this. Each night I apply the cream and each night I am met with excruciating pain. Tonight I even had trouble inserting the applicator. Do not use!  I bought monistat 7 and after three days, I quit. I will not be using the 4 subsequent days. I can 't take this anymore.
Horrible side effects (virtually all the ones listed) and did not cure my acne.  In fact, it made my acne about 10 times worse than before.  I find it strange that an &quot;initial breakout&quot; could last well over a month and be continuing to get worse, leaving scars that I never would have otherwise had.  This drug was a total disaster for me and I stopped after a couple months.  My face is still not back to how it was (which would be comparatively awesome and I had moderate-severe acne before), and to be perfectly honest this was the worst decision I could have made for my health and emotional wellbeing.
Took Contrave for one day - the nausea/dizziness/vomiting  was unbearable.  I will not be taking it anymore which makes upsets me considering it cost me around $100
From day one  really bad headaches, lethargic, vomiting, diarrhea, confusionTired no energy, really bad skin rash,Throat closing up, trouble sleeping. All around bad medication, joints achingItchy eyes only took medication four days.
This medication may be good for Fibromyalgia, however, it did absolutely nothing for chronic pain. I had an astounding increase in appetite, and gained 30 lbs within 4 months. I had severe swelling in the hands, feet, and legs. I have heard the same remarks of other people more often then not.
I took the standard dose as prescribed. And not even 30 minutes later I 'm sneezing like crazy and nose is running like Niagara falls. Its claims of 24hr relief is garbage.
The worst thing that ever happened to me!! I hate this type of contraception ! I had my baby in June, so I was bleeding for about a month and a half, then I decided to get this depo injection, which was the biggest mistake ever! So after one week after injection was done I started to bleed (again), already for 2weeks. I am feeling dizzy, weak, anxious, depressed and ligh headed! Waiting for my blood test results, to see if I am not aneamic.. Because after giving birth usually women 's are bleeding and already loosing some blood, and now this terrible  injection just made it worse. However my doc prescribed me some drugs to stop bleeding, it calls tranexamic acid 500mg, so I am taking these tablets, it 's already third day but still the same
This medication sucks. I took 20mg Adderall XR, which worked wonderfully for my ADHD, for a month, but had to get off of it, because I have Tourette Syndrome and Adderall aggravated my tics. My physician then put me on Strattera. It is extremely expensive, since it is patented until May 2017, and I was given a sample 6-week starter titration pack (from 25mg to 80mg). I took a 25mg capsule last night around 7 PM, and an hour later, I was nauseous/lost my appetite, and I experienced sexual dysfunction (it took over an hour to reach a burning, painful orgasm). The next day (today), I am constipated and depressed. I 'd recommend clonidine or guanfacine before trying this garbage for ADHD.
This drug is the devil. The first few doses work like magic. After 1 week a hellish withdrawal starts kicking in about 2 hours after taking each dose. Impossible to ween off of without a doctor who 's familiar with this highly addictive drug.
I got it put in early July and after a week i started spotting then bleeding and stop then spot ik its been over a month since i had it but i hate it i spot it all the time i am ready to already get it out i don 't recommended it i haven 't gained weight yet i did have minor cramps when inserting it they do numb u so u cant feel it
My Doctor prescribed this for anxiety. 10mg. Although it seemed to help my physical affects of anxiety it made everything else much worse. Tired, anxious, head aches, brain zaps, ringing in ears, spacey, edgy, and not myself at all. I was turning into a walking zombie. It was awful. I couldn 't tell if it was my anxiety or the side effects. I thought I was going crazy for 6 months. I finally talked to a Therapist and he took me off of Zoloft and put me on Lexapro. Which was much better but still pretty awful. I finally found the courage to ween myself off over a period of two months and I feel GREAT! So thankful to be myself again. Please make sure you really need to be on these before you  take them. Do your research and good luck!
I am 21 years old and I have high blood pressure. I was on hydrochlorothiazide for approximately 2 weeks when one night about 3 hours after I took it, I had an allergic reaction. My hands, face, lips and feet swelled up.  I was itching and had difficulty breathing. My mom rushed me to the ER. If you have ANY of the previous symptoms please go to the ER as soon as possible.
I took Levaquin and think it should be banned.  I went to bed and had horrible racing thoughts...a terrible terrible experience.   My Dr. insisted I come to office when I called in the morning.I would have liked to rate it as 0 but I had to select and the only option was 1.    I will never take this family of drugs.
HORRIBLE! Paying $50 for this stuff was a waste. Dont waste your time
I have experienced HiV related Neuropathy for years finally getting to the point I had to address the illness.  My doctor recommended this drug even though I thought it was not a good idea to use a antidepressant  for pain since I had been on Lexapro for years for depression and panic disorder.  The Lexapro works well for my mental health issues. But since the doctor knows best I caved and made the switch.  At first I did not notice anything good or bad but with in the first couple of weeks I began waking up in the morning almost in a state of panic. I contacted my pharmacy and they recommended taking it in the morning and that this was fairly common.  In about a week or less I posted a suicidal post on social media I don 't even recall.
I 've been having constant bleeding or just huge blood clots since I got the shot 2 weeks ago. Also, it 's caused me the worst anxiety and depression I 've ever experienced in my life. I would not recommend this to anyone ever...
I am NOT new to HIV or HIV treatment. I 've known my status since 1994 (1st test). I have been through all of the initial Protease Inhibitor drugs from the mid 1990 's &amp; the plethora of severe side affects they provided.I was switched to Triumeq in late Feb, 2016, NOT due to having a detectable viral load, but due to increasing diarrhea on my last drug combination which included Epzicom, Norvir &amp; Prezista. I wish I never complained about the diarrhea because I am still suffering from extreme headaches nine (9) days after stopping Triumeq. I am on continuous pain killers because these headaches are CONSTANT. Triumeq for me is a complete disaster. I took a full month of Triumeq.
What I have is a recurring ovarian cyst; what I need is an oophorectomy. However, no one will do it until I try, and fail, to control the condition with birth control. (disclosure: 45 years old, been sterile since 2002 after tubal ligation.) Was prescribed this form of birth control - caused the worst headaches I 've ever had in my life. DEBILITATING headache - spent days on the couch with a heating pad on my face. Flushed the pills down the crapper - cyst pain/irregular cycles/heavy bleeding/ anemia is better than taking these.
I was told to take PreserVision AREDS 2 after an eye exam where the Dr. thought he saw early possible macula degeneration   in one eye. I took them every day and was noticing that my sight seems to be deteriorating and I had more floaters. My eyes seemed tired more after playing piano or reading. Then I ran out and spent a few days without them. My vision improved greatly! Less floaters and more able to focus on different tasks. I just played piano without my glasses! Go figure. Gotta talk at my appointment in June but I don 't think my body Likes them.
I was switched to this after being on Ortho Tricyclen Lo (loved it) and Gildess (loved it aside from hair loss). Blisovi led to painful and embarrassing breakouts, especially along my jawline and chin. I 've never had perfect skin, but this was unbearable! I usually don 't write reviews, but I had to share this one. Also, my hair was shedding like crazy--I was practically going bald! Awful :(Also, I was on Ortho Tricylen Lo all 4 years of college and it completely cleared my skin and gave me semi-heavy periods and caused some mood swings. Maintained good weight though..I was on Gildess for 6 months until it was recalled. I did have hair loss, but I was happy all the time with clear skin! Also, lost about 5 pounds (I 'm 5 '4&quot; &amp; was 110lbs)
After taking amolodipine 10mg daily for 18 mos. my doctor and I decided to try to kick my bp down another notch.  He prescribed benazepril 40 mg. Worst five days of my life; Literally.I couldn 't eat.Felt awful.Didn 't want to move, think, or be awake.
I was prescribed 200mg 2x day, and two days in I stopped taking these tablets-that was two days ago and still my entire body is a mass of burning red itchiness- looks like measles and is getting worse.
NO. Just no - it works but it is very hard to tell if it is even worth it. This stuff is highly potent. They recommend it for children but in my opinion it is highly unsuitable - I am a very small teenager and it has absolutely wreaked havoc with me. I took two tablets (the prescribed dose) before bed and the next day I thought nothing had happened - I soon found out it worked. By the end of the day I was experiencing intense and relentless cramps, burning, and my parents told me they noticed my stomach had &quot;deflated&quot;. It is the correct dose for an Rhino maybe, but for small adults and children I recommend you stay away. Save yourselves - you have been forewarned.
Shortly after beginning Diovan, I started coughing, and it just never stopped. Little by little, it increased to the point, that I just couldn 't take it anymore. I still have a lingering cough, but not as bad as when I stopped. I am hoping it will stop completely with time. I wish I had known it was a common side affect before I started using it. Now I am afraid to take a different med for high blood pressure, until I research it thoroughly.
Used at a funeral, supposed to take 0.5mgs, did not work at all.  Took another, and another, and another.  Maybe my doctor sucks, or maybe Ativan sucks.  Do yourself a favor and get some Xanax if needed for occasional anxiety.
if i could rate this a 0 I would. I have struggled with acne for 5-6 years now. At the end of October I FINALLY went to a dermatologist. She prescribed Tazorac along with Acticlate. However, Tazorac DOES NOTHING. It is a topical treatment meant to be used at night, it is supposed to help clear acne and scarring. I would use it every night after washing my face. It didn 't work...AT ALL. I still get acne and I have been using this stuff for 6 months. I highly DO NOT recommend.
I 'm 23 years old and overall healthy. The first six months I didn 't notice any differences in my cycle, health, or personality. However, after the six months I noticed chest pain, palpitations, numbness in my extremities that would come and go. I would go to the doctors to get it checked out and my labs and EKG all came back normal. Shortly after these problems occurred I started to become very anxious. I have never had anxiety in the past so I tracked when exactly I was having it and when it was at it 's highest. After two months of tracking it, I noticed on the same exact day of those months I had the highest anxiety at the same exact time. Needless to say this drug was awful on my health so I stopped taking it.
I got this inserted and had to have it removed after a month...DO NOT get this if you already have some anxiety. When I got this implanted I became a completely different person. This stick gave me my first panic attack and I had to go to the ER. It also gave me nervousness to the point where I felt like I was internally shaking, as well as shaking on the outside. I was MISERABLE, and am still trying to recover. It gave me heart palpitations and I can 't move 2 feet without being out of breath. My gyno removed it on an emergency visit. Hoping to feel like myself again soon, because this was the lowest point of my LIFE. Wouldn 't wish it on my worst enemy. DON 'T GET IT
I 've been using Trinessa for almost a month now &amp; it was going good until about a few days ago. I woke up with an inflamed face. I 've had small bumps on my forehead that had been going away but now I have an even bigger problem. My face looks broken out all over. I 've read the reviews &amp; they say give it sometime to work &amp; adjust but I don 't know if my self-confidence can handle it but I 'll see what happens in the next few weeks with it. Wish me luck!
Insertion was not bad. For me it was fast and not painful at all. A week and a half later after insertion got my period. It lasted for two weeks. I had only one week without any bleeding when it started again. It lasted again for two weeks. After a week and a half I got my period again that lasted for 4 weeks now. Abundant period. Today  after 2months and a few weeks I went to the doctor to take it out. I couldn 't handle one day more. No pain at all when he took it out. Only good thing, periods were not painful.  But I rather prefer pain for a few days and a 8 days period than an never ending painless period.
I was only on the med for a few days when I knew it wasn 't the one for me, I felt like I had cement on my veins it was so hard to get out of bed &amp; once I was up I was in such a fog. On top of being super fatigued I was more agitated. I was afraid to reach out to my doctor but I did &amp; I 'm glad. Since switching it 's a complete 180&deg; in my mood.
It nor any other antibiotic have helped my sinus infection at all. I get bad headaches with mine and nothing works regardless of the multiple trips to doctors.
This medicine caused me to have severe anxiety and to feel not like myself. In addition, my throat felt like it was closing up and I more than likely had some type of reaction to this medication. I hated the entire experience being on this medicine.Try the healthy route of doing FODMAPS in your diet. That has helped me through IBS issues.
After years and years of having the worst unbearable &quot;I want to kill myself&quot; cramps a doctor put me on Sprintec. Promising that it 'll stop my periods. Meaning no more pain. I 'd only have one period every three months. WRONG!!!Each month I prepared myself for not having a period. And sure enough here it was! When it wasn 't suppose to be.Sure it made the cramps bearable.Now! I had a period for February 2017. Okay. Fine. Not two weeks later here 's another period. I 'm aggravated. NOW not even FOUR days after that last period I have ANOTHER ONE! And I wonder why I 'm dizzy and sick! I 'm not taking that crap anymore!
I thought it worked really well at first but I started getting a rash so I stopped now withdrawal is hard
well...... it worked.that 's about all I can say.You 'll be able to focus, and if you don 't mind the fact that the ONLY thing you 'll be able to focus on is how tired, nauseated, and occasionally slightly mad you feel, this is the medicine for you.despite that, it 's worth nothing that i 'm only 17 and ~130 pounds which is really close to the minimum weight on the box. based on what i 've seen, it seems to work better for ~30  year olds who aren 't underweight. not a professional, obviously, though, so take this with a grain of salt.
I have been diagnosed with extreme acid reflux (more to come later on),Approximately 1 1/2 years ago my bad acid went out of control and started to come up in my mouth walking/sitting/laying down.I went to see my gastroenterologist and he sent me off to see a surgeon.The surgeon says I need a operation that amounts to be a gastric bypass.I did not like the diagnosis, About that time my gastroenterologist decided to drop all his medicare patients.I went to another hospital/gastro guy and he wanted me to stop all my ant-acid meds (2 ACIPHEX 2&nbsp;RANITIDINE and 2 Omeprazole)  for a week, After one days I was asking him to allow me to stay on For some reason the site is not allowing me to enter more details.
Very, very cost prohibitive and didn 't provide relief at all.
Made me very ill after one tablet. Vomiting for 24 hrs. Tried it again in case it was just a bug and again ill for 24hrs. Not for me
I was given this medication in the emergency room for the anxiety I was having. It did nothing for me. I 'm bipolar plus I have anxiety. I 'm looking for something new. I was on klonopin but was taken off of it because it 's highly addictive. I had taken that for 24 years. That helped a lot. I 'm disappointed that atarax didn 't work.
Been on Buspar for 6 weeks and I 'm not feeling any better. My anxiety is mild compared to most but the irritability and sometimes nervous feeling is why I elected to try Buspar. So far at  6 weeks I haven 't felt any benefits. The dizziness has been hard to deal with although I found some relief with 25 - 50 mg. Dramamine.
took Larium on a trip to Indonesia and had huge vivid excruciating nightmares each night. i never usually remember my dreams, but this trip was disturbed each night by bolting out of my bed with my heart pounding and sweat all over my body. it was a truly horrible experience. next trip I took Malarone and all was good. I met a fellow traveler in another part of Indonesia on this 2nd trip and she had the same experience with Larium that I had. I did not get Malaria but the drug side effects were not worth it to me.
Was put on Nora be because for some reason my doc suggested it even though I preferred the implanon. First I hate having to take a pill everyday so I probably am a little biased.  Although I can say I saw a significant change in my mood. Usually Im a happy go lucky kind of gal, but since taking the pill for 2months my irritability level went from a 2 maybe to a 10. I knew something was wrong when I started having evil thoughts on hurting someone over something that could of easily resolved, to ketchup! I usually brush things off, but being on this pill, I swear i wanted to kill someone. I was literally in a rage over ketchup! That was when I knew I wasn 't myself.  I completely stopped. Not a fan of this.
Well I had my first 3 months shot on 18th January 2015  and two days after it I started bleeding, I have never stopped and the date today is 15th of may. Quite depressing since it was my first time taking contraception. I had all the possible side effect to be honest. Hot flashes at night, terrible migraines, severe back ache, fatigue, tiredness name it. There was a point i went to doctors everyday but now I got used to feeling ill which is quite sad. So you are taking a risk using Depo-Provera
Day 1-Started with first dose after breakfast. Full meal  and 16 ounce glass of water to wash down medicine. Second dose taken six hours later with a full meal at lunch. Also drink 16 ounces of water with medicine. Around 2:30 in the afternoon started to develop a headache. I drink more water to see if that would help. Around 3:30 my headache was much worse and I started developing a stiff neck. Took my third dose at 6 PM  with a full meal and 16 ounces of water. 30 minutes later I got really nauseous and threw up four times. I have never thrown up this much in my life. I contacted the pharmacist and she told me to stop the medication immediately. I also contacted my doctor and she told me to stop, as well.
DO NOT GET THE NEXPLANON! I just had it removed this morning after 1 year and 3 months of use. I had my period for that entire time A YEAR AND 3 MONTHS NON STOP! My mood changed completely. I got depressed, everything made me cry, I would get angry at anything and anyone. I started to have acne. I would get bladder infections, my hair texture changed as well. I really think is the worse Birth control method out there. I 'm going to start the pill method next week so hopefully it will work out.
This birth control completely ruined my life. First of all, I had to be put under anesthesia to have it inserted due to pain. I woke up to the worst pain in my life. A month after insertion, I suddenly felt fire in my right ovary during intercourse. I ran to the bathroom and immediately began to vomit. I then passed out. I couldn 't stand for hours. The doctor said the IUD caused me to have a painful ovarian cyst rupture. I had never experienced that before. After a year of recurrent BV (Which I never had previously) and misery, I got it removed. I 'm still battling BV from this wretched device. Please stay away from this and don 't be stupid like I was.
I got Skyla put in today. I was prepared for pain during the procedure and some cramps afterward. I get super bad cramps every month (the pain is so bad I often faint and throw up). So I was prepared for the cramps and figured it 'd be worth it. The procedure wasn 't bad. No worse than my regular cramps. Doctor had me do it within the first 5 days of my period so my cervix would be open. I was not lightheaded, only bleeding I assumed was from my period, and I had no cramps afterward. Maybe that was because she put novocain on my cervix. 5 hours later and I had the worst pain of my life. It felt like she had inserted a knife. Super sharp pain. Lots of trembling and profuse sweating. IB profin no help. Peppermint oil helped a bit.
I followed the instructions correctly. It kind of worked at first but then it stopped, I was back to zero only with a overbloated belly and an unsettling feeling all day. Do not use
Felt like a zombie during the day.... if I wasn 't a zombie I was having a panic attack almost on a daily basis. Cried for no reason, wanted to pick fights. The periods were light and didn 't last long, the only benefit to this medicine. BUT... my uterus felt like it was going to fall out of my ass when I had my period... and went through severe PMS 3 days until I got my period.
Ingested internally small amount of ketoconazole cream on gums from lips application for herpes sore at the corner of mouth. Severe facial edema, itching, redness, descript of hives resulted. I administered epipen injection which relieved the reaction for 2-hours, but then symptoms returned requiring a course of prednisone to resolve. DO NOT ingest ketoconazole internally as this may result in an anaphylaxis event for predisposed individuals. EXTERNAL USE ONLY.
I have narcolepsy which went undiagnosed for decades. I don 't drink coffee and for years self medicated using caffeine tablets and diet sodas. Finally in desperation started looking for answers via the net, had a sleep study and voila, narcolepsy. Tried Ritalin with no effect, then Provigil and for the first time felt normal and productive. Health insurance would not cover and soon I was paying $800.00 a month for meds. To make matters worse, the Provigil soon lost any efficacy. Ultimately my Doc, reluctantly prescribed Adderall and I have been taking 30mg in the AM and 20 more around lunch. This works ok, but still need caffeine.
I had my first baby at 30 weeks. When I got pregnant the second time, my doctor recommended the Makena shots that I took weekly for about three months. Yet, I still gave birth at 30 weeks as my first pregnancy. It did not work for me . The shots were painful and so expensive, Prime Specialty Pharmacy was billing the insurance company about $3500 for each 4 shots &quot; shipment they call it&quot;. I personally would not recommend it. Had I known what I know now, I would have left it in god 's hand.
Was given since having major depression in August (this is March). I have arthritis which pain has gotten much worse, fibromyalgia worse, brain fog, very weird dreams. I awoke at 2 or 3 and can 't get back to sleep. During day I fight to stay awake. I have started having a very bad temper and feel angry all the time.  Eye sight blurry, clumsy. I see the GP tomorrow for a different reason (or is it?) and will demand to be taken off of this. I feel this should be taken off the market, it 's side effects are horrible!
Used according to directions, no help
Prepopik left me very sore, gassy and bloated. Would never use again.
Been in gabapentin now for 5 months for my fibromyalgia I 'm up to 2700mgs a day and I can honestly say I have absolutely no relief whatsoever from this drug and my pain seems to be getting worse.  My sleeping is shocking some weeks I 'm lucky to have 15-18hrs a week.  I have headaches and my legs, arms, fingers, back hips and neck are agony. It 's 2yrs since I 've been diagnosed plus the 8 months waiting for the diagnosis and every drug I 've had prescribed hasn 't helped
The side effects are terrible, personality changes, weight gain, depression, joint pain. I had mine taken out after 2 years and 50 LBS later. It will take a long time to balance your hormones, get the weight off and repair your relationships with people. Did I also mention the fibroids? HUGE, size of navel oranges!  DON 'T DO IT!!!
I was put on Yaz because I was having irregular menstrual cycles. I just finished my first pack. The entire month I have had nausea, vomiting, acne and horrible cramps. I think that I would rather have my period for 20  days each month rather than take this pill.
Abreva is by far the biggest waste of money I 've ever encountered. I don 't have a constant cold sore issue, but I 've had a total of 4 outbreaks throughout 27 years. I had two outbreaks as a kid, &amp; my third outbreak was 4 months ago. I used abreva from the day it surfaced. It took 14 days total, &amp; the sore resurfaced twice in that time frame. My 4th &amp; most recent outbreak is happening now. I used abreva at the first signs of a sore, which brought on a full on sore in the matter of an hour. It is day two, I have switched to crushed aspirin &amp; it 's almost gone. Abreva doesn 't even numb the area, &amp; discolors your skin. DO NOT USE IT. Aspirin paste is a lifesaver! Aspirin and very little water, NO ABREVA!
Hi all! Over 15 years I am on Clonazepam. CVS doesnt give Klonopin they substitute it with generic Clonazepam. Is there any difference between Klonopin and Clonazepam? I beg all to help me! I want to withdraw from this drug. I am unsuccessful on that. All doctors say that you have to find interesting hobby, be in circle of friends, around family, be more in nature. I have done this all, but it does not work. I have chemical addiction, drink high quality water, but it does not work too.Again, I ask everyone for help!!!Sarah
This medication does not work for me. I have fibromyalgia and my doctor just prescribed me 7.5/500s. I can take only up to 2 per day. I 've already taken both, and its not even noon yet. And it didn 't make a dent in my pain. Very disappointed.
I was prescribed Invokana in combination with metformin.  I have been itching ever since and my hair is falling out to the point where I am scared to comb my hair.   I stopped taking both medications.  It has been a little over a month and my hair is still falling out.  Is anyone else experiencing any hair loss?
took this halfway through 10th grade to through summer. First experience after being diagnosed with add so in attention without being hyper. No motavation from this almost made me feel worse with serve exaustion and depression I felt like every day was a chore and I wasn 't as happy I used to be and my friends said I wasn 't as free spirited or fun. Gave me social anxiety also and shaking. I would highy recommend adderall xr I switched to it and got none of the side effects but all of the results. I feel like I can function and am more social than even without medicine and I also can plan out my thoughts and lists of what I have to do and homework. Concerta sucks take adderall instead
after 4 weeks on this medication my partner of 18 years a 35 year old man died from its side effects
I will never take it again took it for 5 wks felt worse than I did I was more depressed isolated myself couldn 't function made me feel more suicidal had to go back to hospital my tremors was so bad
Been on it for 4 days. I feel like a zombie..nauseas..depressed..no appetite.. sleeping all day. Its doing the opposite of what I need. I have no emotions or reactions when people talk to me.
I 've only been taking this med for 5 days, but I don 't get any of the extra energy that my doctor said I would. Does it take a while to get in your system or is it supposed to work immediately?
This is absolutely unforgivable horrible!! Please do not waste your money on this! I inserted about half an hour ago and the inside of my vagina is on fire. It burns like nothing I 've ever experienced before and I wish there was something I could do to stop it. I can 't even sleep because of how uncomfortable I am.... please please please go for something oral if you are looking into how to get rid of your yeast infection!
I will not ever take this medication again (Generic form of Bactrim DS). I landed in the ER with a severe kidney infection... was given antibiotics, nausea medication, and pain medication through an IV. went home six hours later and started the Bactrim that night. I woke up at 2am absolutely drenched head to toe in sweat, with chills... couldn 't  fall back asleep. The next day I had the worst headache... terrible, terrible pain in the base of my skull, and a horribly stiff and sore neck. Any time I stood up I could feel my blood pressure in my head sore, just throbbing. I had zero appetite. I stopped the Rx after 2.5 days. I felt worse after I started the Rx than before it. Never, ever again.
So glad I found this site. I am suffering so badly with awful heartburn, took a pill and lay down, WRONG! Didn 't know about the warning to not lay down for 30 mins until I read it here. Thought I was having a heart attack or something. Hopefully it goes away soon, awful pain.
I 've been on this antibiotic for 3-days now and no real difference. I 'll wait a couple more days. I went to the doctor due to difficulty breathing. He prescribed Clarithromycin and Methylprednisone. I did read the packages, did the research and found that YOU 'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO TAKE a Macrolide antibiotic with Methylprednisone. I had him change my antibiotic. Be careful. Do your own research. 
I 'm using this from past 1 mnt and not even single hair grown,instead I lost few of the hair when I m applying it.hoping for best in next month also
I have L4 and L5 disc protrusion and was on fentanyl, norco, gabapentin for over a year. Now that I am taking Ryzolt, which my Doc gave me a FREE 14 day supply which I thought was cool. Anyway I just can 't seem to beat this pain. I guess my expectations are too high. I guess the pain never really goes away just hides while on medicines. I had issues with dependency, sorry for the spelling. So I am a 40 yo living with constant pain. It truly is a terrible thing.
I had this to get my IVF cycle organised Horrible side effects. Severe depression and mood swings. I had to stop the medication and cancel the ivf cycle
I 've had Mirena for about 3 months now.  I 'm 29, no kids, active lifestyle.  So far its been a mess down south.  I will bleed for a few hours every week or so, then constant spotting since day one (brown dry blood consistency).  My acne had gotten out of hand, so I went to my GP to get prescription acne lotion and hopefully that will help.  Breast tenderness and constant feeling of being bloated.  Just waiting for this to pass and my body to adjust&hellip;but not sure if it will.  I cannot do oral contraceptive as it makes me extremely moody and cause weight gain.
I was given a depo provera shot after an essure procedure. I had never taken it before.  I had non stop bleeding for 3 months until my doctor gave me another birth control to take on top of it.  The bleeding stopped for a couple weeks but came back and has not stopped for a month and a half.  Definite weight gain.  This drug should only be used to treat specific conditions and not be used as a general birth control.
so after my daughter was born I decided to try this bc while on maternity leave I 've gained maybe 15 lbs and lately major mood swings getting it out ASAP
8 weeks and one day ago I took a plan B. I made sure to go to the drug store right after I had unprotected sex. I heard that if you are ovulating this pill does nothing for you so I bought a ovulation detector to be sure that I wasn 't ovulating before I took it. The box says that if you are over 165lbs this may not work for you. I am well under 165 lbs. so for the first four weeks I patiently waited for my period and nothing. I took three pregnancy tests after a month of taking the pill and the pregnancy test was inconclusive. A week later the 4th test came back positive.  I ended up at the clinic getting an abortion pill yesterday and I am currently bleeding worse then I 've ever bled in my whole life.
Going through the excessive burning &amp; excessive itching right now! Had to read reviews while I 'm suffering! It 's worse than the untreated yeast infection! I used this when I was younger and do not recall these side effects. Holy moly is right ! It 's a work night and I needed relief and what I got is agony and a sleepless night. Ouch! Unbelievable something that is suppose to stop the itch &amp; burn just made it a million times worse!!
Little beneficial change in mood with serious vomiting problems
I had the Mirena put in almost a year ago. Insertion was a breeze next to no cramping. My periods have remained heavy and do not show signs of stopping. Have gained about 30 pounds have acne and headaches and backache, so now I am wondering what is next. My doctor would not take it out and wanted me to remain on it for a year. It is almost a year so I am finding a new doctor and getting it taken out.
I was prescribed this by my doctor to deal with my excessive sweating under armpits. After using it for a couple of times I started experiencing itchy reddish rashes under my arms. The rash didn 't stop no matter how much I tried to heal it. I went to see my doctor and she said it was an allergic reaction to the Hypercare and advised me to stop using it. She said I had dermatitis which was the result of using Hypercare and prescribed me a cream to cure the rash.
Was prescribed Carac for use on arms, chest and face 7 years ago. At that time the cream did smooth my skin. After years of discontinued use, my skin where I applied Carac is horrible.
ECPTOPIC PREGNANCY: Hi everyone, wanted to share my experience as I had what is probably one of the worst outcomes of taking a Plan B, and wanted to make sure that other people knew the symptom 's so they could get to the hospital in time. I 'm 34, healthy, have had an abortion before so I know what it feels like to be pregnant. I took a plan B 8 hours after having sex with my husband. My period was late, took a preg test - negative. What I thought was my period came a month later. 2 weeks after that, had horrible cramping and bleeding, thought it was another period. Ended up in emergency room and turned out I had an ruptured fallopian tube from ectopic pregnancy, which is fatal if not operated on quickly. I would write more but comments limit me!
I have alot of the syptoms I am reading here. I bled for 6 months straight. Awful brown discharge. Mood swings, head aches, weight gain. I am 27 and my face, chest,and back have break outs like a teenager. I was put on a second bc with estrogen and it worked for the bleeding. But if I forgot to take it the bleeding started again. The point of getting this implant was to not have to remember to take anything or risk pregnancy.  I 'm now only on the implant and it seems to be working for the most part. I still spot here and there but the acne is embarrassing. Proactive doesn 't work either. I 'm considering having it removed and going back on my nuva ring. I do not recommend this bc to anyone. Ever.
Gained 15 lbs in a few months and unable to lose despite exercise and diet...terribly depressed...lots of breakthrough bleeding.Been off the pill a week and lost 5 pounds and finally feel normal again. I am mad it took be 6 months to realize this pill was causing so many problems.
Minimal effectiveness for me.  Was on 10 mg for anxiety and depression for 8 months.  Had to reduce to 5 mg due to extreme fatigue and general malaise.  When my Dr. asked if it was helping I said I didn 't know, other than it was making me tired and emotionless (not happy, not sad).  His reply was if you don 't know then it 's not doing anything, Good answer!  I tapered off over 2 months and withdrawal was hell.  Now am only taking clonazapam for anxiety and feel much better.Tried it again for 1.5 weeks and only 5 mg (just to be sure) and had same extreme fatigue, blah blah blah feeling, and felt down and worthless.  Then withdrawal effects again after only such a short period.  This drug is not for me.
I 'm 16 and I 've been taking this birth control for about 5 months and at first I loved it, I had shorter/ lighter periods and my breasts got bigger but here lately I 've been having a lot of problems with it. I have been having really bad headaches. I 'm really moody, get angry easy, I cry for no reason, lower back has been hurting, bad cramps, gaining weight that I can 't seem to lose, and me and my boyfriend fight all the time (which we never seemed to do before) and I think if I don 't get off it soon then I 'd lose him. 
I 've been taking this med for almost 10 yrs now. I started when I was 18 it was the first drug my Dr tried...I am almost 28 and I am so upset looking back that I didn 't ask more q 's or realize that this was the issue. I started at a min dose but I was eventually up to 300mg/day. I thought nothing of this because if the Dr wasn 't worried, why should I be? I had been to 3 different Dr that never asked me if at that dose I was having memory problems, etc. I don 't remember anyone telling me the major side effect was memory problems, brain fog, etc no kids... I went through college thinking there was something wrong with me My new Dr has put me on something else that is safe if my husband and I get pregnant. She also was in shock that for migraine prevention I was taking such a big dose.
1st time user. No effect at all after two 1000mcg pellets in less than 6 hrs. No side effect to speak of either.
I want to sit on a tub of ice. I 'm on day 3 of seven. I 'm trembling.  I 'm tingling and afraid to breath. All I did was take some antibiotics. This is barbaric.
Augmentin makes me completely sick! I must be like the 1% who is allergic to it! I always have to list it as an allergy and make sure something else is prescribed instead of this!
I was on it for a few weeks and started to get leg cramps. I was on Apri before and will be switching back. The only thing that bothered me was the leg cramps, everything else seemed to be fine.
I have had FMS for 4 years but was not officially diagnosed until 1 year ago.  Since that time I have taken several  medications. My Doctor and I are trying to find which drug or combination of drugs will help.  I took Lyrica for 5 months and had some serious side effects, 40lbs weight gain, swelling in my hands, feet and ankles, blurred vision. I was not pain free and the cost per month was half of my rent.
I took one 10mg tablet at 7:30pm, I slept from 9pm-1am and then woke up with extreme nausea, diarrhea, high anxiety, dry mouth and what I think were night sweats and insomnia. I plan to call my Doctor in the morning to see if there is an alternative. I can 't imagine feeling that horrible for weeks on end.
My experience has been horrible I 've had it in for 5 months and haven 't stoppedâ€‹ bleeding I wouldn 't recommend anyone to ever get the mirena and the cramps hurt so bad in my stomach and in my back
Allergic reaction after taking 2 x 500mg tablets. Symptoms: fast heart rate, headache, metallic taste, shaky on the inside, involuntary spasms, dizziness. I believe that the medicine would have worked if I did not experience the severe side effects.
I never wanted to be on birth control but I was bleeding for over a month so my doctor put me on it to stop it, it did within 2 days, which was great. When I first started taking this birth control I felt great and had normal periods, didn 't get pregnant, but I am on my fourth month and I threw it away. Starting in the third month of taking it I started to feel crazy, I have been having such high anxiety and mood swings, I have absolutely no sex drive. The anxiety gets so bad and then turns into panic attacks. I didn 't gain weight, but the hunger at first was so bad and no matter how much you eat, the hunger doesn 't end. I am on day 2 of not taking it and I hope I start to get back to my normal self soon.
This gave me headaches all the time. Stopped taking it and have been headache free !
Lyrica made me unbearably tired and nauseous - and that 's just on 25 mg twice a day.  Had to stop taking it. Will never take it again.
On the 3rd day of taking this medication it caused SEVERE indigestion which I had never experienced, I ended up in the ER because it also had upset my gallbladder, almost causing emergency surgery.  I eat a vegan diet and never had gallbladder trouble, this was the most severe symptom I experienced. I also would get constant, extreme, nausea at the same time every day. I also was unable to stay awake at work, or even driving to work no matter how long I would sleep. I completely lost my sex drive. And lastly, I did experience pretty heavy spotting a few days in; even though, I waited until the Sunday after my cycle to start. This medication was clearly not for me, and stopped taking on day 8.
I liked the option of using the patch and changing it once a week and not having to worry about it. Dr said to use back up for the first week. Which we did. As I had never used anything like this and I am paranoid about getting pregnant, my boyfriend agreed to use backup for another week. 4 days into my second week I experienced blurred vision, chills, trembling, numbness of 3 fingers in my hand.. I immediately took off the patch thinking it was messing with me. 3 days after having the patch off I am still fighting the trembles and tingles of the fingers... I am guessing it is from the extra hormones that was being injected into me by the patch. I am giving myself a week before I go back to the dr to try something else.
I am 21, no kids. Chose skyla for period regulation and pregnancy control, and was previously on oral pills. The insertion was excruciatingly painful, I screamed on the measuring and insertion. Then I had horrible cramps that made me double over. No bleeding. Now I have a severe yeast infection causing blisters on my vulva, and am extremely tired and sensitive. I would not recommend this. Ultrasound is tomorrow for week after checkup, may get it removed! Do not do it. The horror stories are true! I tried to be positive about it but there is nothing positive now, hospitalization may be in my future. I 'm seriously concerned for my health. This is one big &quot;T&quot; shaped mistake! I regret everything about it, and am now stuck out of work.
I got this put in on 8/28/2014. It is 8/15/2015. I hate this. I gained about 30 lbs and cannot lose it. I am extremely moody. I haven 't had a period since I got it injected. I am tired all the time. I 'm going to call and make an appointment to get this thing out ASAP. I even joined a weight loss program and I didn 't lose any weight. And the health mentor said I should have lost like 30lbs already.
I was just diagnosed with narcolepsy past week, my Dr gave me Nuvigil samples of both 150mg and 250mg. First three days I just got progressively sleepier. I was head bobbing and micro sleeping. He asked me to take the 250. It didn 't kick in for over an hour and when it did I fell asleep standing up at work and caused myself so much embarrassment that I had two subsequent Cataplexy attacks moments later. I was like a sleeping pill.
I started the patch 2 days ago. I thought it was fine and everything. My doctor didn 't tell me the side effects of tell me I would have any at all. Past 2 days I haven 't had any other symptoms but this past moring I woke up and I couldn 't handle it. I tried to stay asleep but I felt like I had to throw up. I got up and ran to the bathroom and puked for a good 10 minutes. Now I know why I had so many headaches. Glad I quit before it got worse tho. I don 't like it and I wouldn 't recommend it.
Just started taking it this morning and still in excruciating pain. Guess I will have to take it for a few days to see if it works.
I started Trinessa because I had horrible cramps to the point where I would lay on the bathroom floor for days, and my doctor said that it would fix this. Although it lessened this symptom somewhat, I have had insane mood swings, depression, and nausea. Crying for no reason with depressing thoughts for 10-14 days is not worth a little less stomach pain every month. I 'm going to try to switch brands soon.
I was taking Hydroxyzine as a possible help to fight anxiety, so that I can begin to start the process of weaning myself off Klonopin. Never take them together, however. After the last couple nights, I will never take Hydroxyzine again, if that is what is causing the most bizarre dreams I have ever had in my life. Not really nightmares, but just very strange and hard to wake up from!
The side effects of this medicine ALMOST KILLED ME!!! I had trouble breathing. It lowered my left ventricle ejection fraction 30-35% to 15-20%, and I went from a normal sized heart to severely enlarged in just 6 months.Read about the side effects and the incomplete clinical trials this medicine maybe detrimental to your health.
I had a terrible experience on this drug. It resulted in me having regular panic attacks, heart palpitations, caused me to become trapped in negative state and paranoid. I 'm not one who reviews meds very often but this medication proved to be very dangerous for me. I spent a lot of time in a state of paranoia. My Dr did not listen to me when I kept stating it wasn 't right for me. In the end I reduced my dose ( I don 't condone this though ) and have been off it for around 4 months now. I can honestly say I 'm doing much better , able to function, don 't stay on states of paranoia etc. I 'm also able to make clear choices etc.
After the birth of our son, my husband and I decided that the shot would be our best option. Didn 't have to take a pill every day and no periods.So on July 18 2014 I had my first shot. I began soaking through 12 to 28 tampons daily. I was hospitalized for that, and once again for a fainting episode due to anemia.I never went back for my second shot. It is now just over a year later. I am still bleeding. My husband and I haven 't had sex for a year because of the intensity of the pain and bleeding.I have tried everything from soy isoflavones, to ibuprofen and iron, to estrogen therapy, to other forms of birth control.They say I have to let it wear off, but it 's so bad that I have trouble caring for my child because of fatigue.
It didn 't work for me at all.
I started Stelara Sept 2014.  By January 2015, psoriasis are worse than they have ever been.  I even have patches on my face!  I 've suffered with psoriasis for 30 years.
This drug made my executive functioning a lot better, but it also almost immediately made me super down and caused partial seizures (I have no history of epilepsy). It may have triggered an episode of psychosis as well but I am still uncertain whether it was a psychotic episode or a seizure as I also lost control and sensation in my limbs while hallucinating before losing consciousness completely. I would not recommend this drug.
Took 1 8mg Cardura daily.  Experienced dizziness and nausea for the first 3 days but later adjusted to the medication and  maintained pressure around 120/80.  On doctor 's advise, Cardura discontinued and replaced with alternative medication due to  excessively fast pulse/heart rate up to 100/s after 6 months on Cardura
I have only had the Implanon for 4 weeks and am going in today to have it removed. I chose this because its an &quot;out of sight out of mind&quot; easier birth control. But the side effects for me have been horrendous. I have had severe anxiety, mood swings, and depression. And instead of little issues rolling right off my shoulders it feels as though its the end of the world. I 've never struggled with this before. I 've also had literal thoughts of suicide and self harm. Also, caused my sex drive to become pretty much non-existent. Coming from a woman who has been with the same man for 12 years and could have sex 3x per day. I started having no sex drive and had very dry vagina.
Get sores on the inside of my nose every time I try to use this.
My Doctor gave me 2 weeks of Abilify, 2mg as a sample to take in addition to my 450mg of Wellbutrin. Made me extremely dizzy and had difficulty driving safely due to this. 
I took Apriso for a year and it was successful in treating my ulcerative colitis. I was then switched to Asacol HD.  My prescription plan eventually decided Asacol HD was too expensive and I was put back on Apriso.  This second course on Apriso was not successful.  It did nothing to alleviate my Ulcerative Colitis symptoms, and produced a number of unpleasant side affects - the worst of which was moderate-to-severe stomach cramps around the clock - even waking me from sound sleep.  Coupled with an incredibly dry mouth that invited multiple canker sores to erupt in my mouth, these symptoms made eating anything very unpleasant;   I lost 15 lbs in the three weeks I was on the Apriso.  As soon as I stopped taking it, the cramping and canker sores disappeared.
If I could give this medicine a 0 rating I would. Back when I first was suffering from a lot of anxiety, we had tried this before I tried xanax, which helped a TON more (long off the xanax, on a longer lasting medication now). ANYWAYS, I tried this, took a pill before my 530am shift, went into work, and turned into a zombie. lost ALL feeling of emotions, was rude to the customers, literally turned into another person. called the doctor in 2 weeks and said get me in NOW. After 4 days i threw out the bottle, saw the doctor and tried the xanax instead. Celexa made my anxiety 2000000x worse. I 'm someone with constant anxiety issues, but antidepressants like SSRI 's and SNRI 's make my brain freak out. I 'd throw these out &amp; let the trash enjoy it
From the second dose of the medicine, I started having terrible heartburn, stomach burning and nausea. The side effects out-weighed any benefits for me.
Doctor said my eyes were dry and scratched.  Said to use Systane.  Now my eyes are dry, scratched, puffy, and red.  Eyes worse now then before Systane.  Will never, ever use this product again.  Into the garbage go these overpriced  eye drops.  They said other drops were all marketing - guess what, my eyes didn 't get puffy and red. 
I 've been on depo for almost 4 years and I got off and had my son and went back on and this time around it is worse than before. I have lost so much weight I am always angry sad even depressed my hair is falling out and I 've been spotting non stop and my sex drive is gone. smh I feel so bad because I don 't want to have sex when I am always spotting. I will never ever get back on depo.  'm due for it in june but I 'm not going to - I want my body and health back
I woke up.from the absolute craziest dream I 've ever had...FREAKING OUT...COULD NOT BREATH, AND THOUGHT I WAS DIEING...I immediately called ppl in my family that have been on antidepressants, and they said just give it time, the side effects will go away...so I continued to take it...today is day 14, I am more nervous and depressed still...I have NO emotion, my head hurts constantly, STILL have no balance...I think my doctor WRONGLY prescribed me something I DIDN 'T need, that COMPLETELY ruins with you (when you don 't really need it ) I 'm severely annoyed...stopping my med tomorrow and flushing the rest of my pills...I 'm sooo disgusted
I am 22 and I 've had this implant for maybe 3 months, and it 's horrid. The first month I had heavy dizzy spells, I couldn 't walk without holding onto the wall and felt nauseous. I bled maybe about a week after and countinuously been bleeding heavily. It stopped 3 times for about 2 days and started up again immediately after. My sex drive is completely gone, I 'm bloated all the time and am a bit lazier than usual. Will get it removed next month.
I have been on various birth controls for the past 15 years and this was my worst experience. I was off bc for 3 years due to trying to conceive, pregnancy, and then nursing. I wanted to start on the pill again after my daughter weaned.I have only taken it for one month and I can 't remember any other pill having such extreme side effects. I immediately got a yeast infection, broke out worse than when I was a teenager, have been exhausted but unable to sleep at night, no sex drive, and extreme mood swings. It has been a horrible experience.
My son had a severe skin infection so my doctor gave him this medicine. He took it immediately on a empty stomach. He had just got home from Doctor 's office. It made him sick so he threw up. I called the Doctor 's office and told them what happeened and they told me to not give it to him anymore. It wasn 't worth the side effect for my son.
I had been on Lutera several years and never had trouble with it. My pharmacy switched my medication to Orsythia. I have only been on it 2 weeks and  I am unbelievably bloated, my clothes hardly fit, I have gained weight, (probably due to the bloating), my skin has broken out.   My husband thought I was going through puberty again!  I hate to see what the third week is going to bring. I had an appointment with my doctor and told her about my symptoms and told her about the pharmacy switching my medicine. She wrote another prescription for Lutera and told them not to substitute.  I want my Lutera back!
I was prescribed Vistaril 25mg to help relieve tension and was told to take 2 pills so 50mg if I 1 25mg pill didn 't work. 50mg didn 't really help either. I felt no improvement in how I felt aftetlr taking it. I was told after 30 minutes of taking it I should 've felt better but it never happened. After 2 to 3 hours after taking it I felt somewhat relaxed but was more tired than  relax. Vistaril really didn 't work out for me.
I have been taking it for about a month. It 's terrible. Causes terrible breakouts and super nauseous. (Threw up a couple times). It 's absolutely the worst. I 'm asking my doctor to change it ASAP!
I was diagnosed with sciatic pain that affected my back and right thigh. I used the gel liberally as the pain increased. Eight days ago I stopped as my right thigh was experiencing a burning sensation in the area where I had applied the gel. I still have the burning sensation.I am on various drugs for hypettension.
Switched because my old pill was crazy expensive. This pill personally just does not agree with me! No weight gain but sore breasts constantly, lack of periods, nausea, shortness of breath. Been on it since December (now it 's May) and I 've had about enough. My sister was on this pill also and she said she also would go months without a period (which is just get on your nerves).
Worst Birth Control I 've ever taken going on my second week. I have stayed very nauseated and done nothing but cry. Do Not Recommend!
Lost 40% of Achilles ' tendon!  All my tendons in hands, feet shoulders, neck ---actually, all o we my body are sore all the time!  Can 't work out anymore, have a hard time doing housework, landscaping, sleeping, Can 't open bottles. Put my bra on because of the soreness in my shoulder muscles etc. I hate this feeling all the time!  I am not myself anymore. Used to be the poster child of health for a 69 year old
I had mirena inserted on 24/2/17 for abnormal uterine bleeding which started 24/1/17. Also prescribed 10mg provera 3 times a day.  Well been bleeding ever since and sick of it. Bright red blood 2-3 pads a day.  Pelvic pain, acne, feel fat, no energy, tired. See GYN on 4/4/17 and have to get blood tests beforehand. Have no iron so been on iron tablets since January. Think I want this out, don 't know if I can handle another 5 months of bleeding.
This is pill is pure garbage!  Years ago I was taking Ortho-tricyclin and had no bad side effects.  I decided to give the generic a try in spite of the negative reviews just because someone convinced me that everyone reacts different and since I used the original in the past I shouldn&rsquo;t have any problems with the generic. So wrong! I had non stop bleeding/spotting, nausea everyday, feeling super depressed, crying for no reason, and to top it off it was also hurting my stomach. I decided to finish the pack anyways with hopes that these symptoms would go away. Well, they didn&rsquo;t I am now experiencing heavy abnormal bleeding with blood clots. I am switching to Ogestrel starting on Sunday. Ladies please don 't take this rubbish pill!
No different than regular Tylenol which does nothing for me.
I have taken laxatives before and have had mild cramping, these cramps are unbelievable. It did produce a bm, diarrhea with blood, and still cramping and pooping the next day. Took 2 pills at night before bed and severe cramps woke me up 4-5 hours later. Not for me, I will never do that again.
26 yrs DX of  IBS-D, Collagenous Colitis, Chrohn 's,  total colectomy w/Jpouch.  I have tried every Rx known &amp; nothing could stop the 20  BM 's, incontinence, nausea, GI cramping, and  rectal spasms (from surgery) I found Viberzi read pt reviews, Allergan Pharm documentation  I was on 100mg x2 daily. Similar symptoms the first few days by the 3rd day, major decrease in stool frequency and gut motility. Then towards my 29th day  it abruptly quit working, I became severely ill nausea, vomiting,headache. GI had me stop taking Viberzi  vomiting &amp; D in bed a week. GI did blood work and Lipase levels at 124, next week Creatine 1.2 Lipase 200, still very ill &amp; no answers my headache off of it for 26 days. FDA fast-tracked this be careful!
This product should be pulled off the shelves.  The 1st day I took it, I just had moderate internal pain. The 2nd-3rd day my inner and out labia were on fire and I had to use an ice bag on my lady parts to ease the pain.The 4th day it  still hurts and my YI is back and 10 x worse. I 've been so uncomfortable all week. My Dr just call in diflucan for me...I wish I would have just done that in the first place. I would not recommend this product to my worse enemy. The product is a waste of money.
I used to take Lowestrin 24 Fe 8 years ago. I have been taking Minstarin for 3 months now and Doc switched me to Nuvaring.Pros: No period. No babies.Cons: Severe Depression, Mood Swings, Paranoia, 25lb gain, Sleep insomniaI went to the therapist to figure out what was wrong with me and I saw a specialist and they have narrowed it to the Birth Control.Minastrin may not be right for everyone.
After three days use I started having large red bumps on the back of my hair line and on my neck. Also chest pain the three nights. I stopped using it then, hopefully it will be corrected in a few days. 
I started taking this about 2 months ago.  It caused me to have severe migraines.  My doctor took me off of it today!
I 've had problems with birth controls since I have started taking them.  I was started on Ortho Tri-cyclen and was extremely moody and had issues with tearing of the vaginal walls during intercourse so I was switch to Ortho-cyclen, and the problem persisted.  Finally I was switched to Sronyx which solved the problem and the moodiness.  I was on it for three years until I was switched to Lessina because my pharmacy didn 't carry it.  Within the two and a half months I 've been on it, I have gained about 5 pounds, have the worst acne I 've ever experienced, and cry over NOTHING.  Desperately trying to find a pharmacy that carries Sronyx.
I 've been on this medicine for 11 months. After trying numerous birth control pills, I was finally excited to try something that had decent reviews. However, it did not work for me. I have had two periods per month the entire 11 months I have been on it. I have breakthrough bleeding that lasts anywhere from 1-4 days, in ADDITION to two periods per month.
If I could rate it  lower I would. This drug shouldn 't be on the market. The damage it has done to my body is never going to be fixed.
I took the smaller dosage of .75 mg, thank god.  First two days were fine, then the third day everything went south.  Blood sugar was 219 highest I had ever taken.  Woke up with upset stomach, then diarrhea for 6-8 hours, then vomiting for 4-6 hours, then cold chills rash that turned to hives from crotch to knees arm pits to elbows, head itched, lips started getting puffy.  This was all in 24 hours.  It was horrible.  Then the next 9 days it took to get completely out of my system. Every day I would have these with less severity.  The hives is the only thing that did not reocurr.  At times I could not stand any clothes on my body was that sensitive. I found from the Dr. At emergency room the half life of the drug was 5 days. 
I have had my Implanon for not even 5 weeks and I have had the worst moods swings and depression. It 's been ruining my relationship with my boyfriend because I constantly ask myself if he loves me anymore and things like that (I know he does but the implanon says different) it 's given me severe anxiety, super upset and breaking down in tears everyday and have an empty feeling in my stomach. I 've never felt so emotional and sad before. I really want it out but they said wait 6 months and it might change and I might get used to it but it seems so long. Anything can happen within 6 months. I really do not suggest this if you do not like crying over everything, especially TV ad 's because they had a puppy.
HATE this. I 've been on this birth control for one year now. I gave it a chance. I have been bleeding for 9 out of the 12 months. Two weeks after I got it I had massive depression that lasted for 2 weeks. I guess it was my hormones changing. Then nonstop bleeding and cramps. Sometimes they were very light but it was extremely annoying and expense to be buying so many tampons. I also gained about 15 pound over the last year and I work out and don 't over eat. Its very difficult trying to get the weight off. Don 't use this. Your doctor will say its great and you won 't have to worry about taking a pill every day. DON 'T do it...its a trap.
Don 't buy it. Go for 2 week free trial. Still need to exercise and strict diet. If can 't do both more likely will not work for you either. After 6 weeks, strict diet but unable to exercise still weigh same as when I started. Wasted 90 days. False hopes. Wish I could get a refund.
I recommend staying as far away from this pill as possible. Only 3 weeks in and cystic acne everywhere on chin and forehead   other breakouts. Keep in mind I have never suffered from acne or breakouts before!!! Also extremely bloated, always fatigued, and made me very nauseous. Please avoid this birth control!! Getting back on the one I was on for 5 1/2 years (tri-previfem). Don 't know why I even switched...terrible decision. Never been so self conscious in my entire life. After all these negative  reviews and my personal experience, I 'm quitting this pill today.
When I was 15 I learned that I was allergic to Bactrim. 11 years later the Doctor prescribed me with this medication stating that our allergies change. I was nervous to take this medicine, but I was so sick with an ear infection that I decided to give it a try. The worst experience in my life. I only took two pills one in the morning and one before bed. I was up from 12 Am- 6 Am non-stop puking. I could not hold anything down. At first I thought I had the flu as every bone in my body was in pain... After a few hours of sleep and not taking this Rx I then realized I am still extremely allergic to this medication. I would never want someone to go through what I went through. I have not taken this medication since yesterday and I have not puked.
I was on this &quot;medicine&quot; for 4 years ( ages 14 to 18) it is honestly one of the worst medicines i have ever taken. It not only sapped me of all of my strength and will power, but it increased my agitation to unseen levels ( i had a pretty bad temper before this but i had learned to control it) it  mad me gain over 150lbs in that 4 year period( i was at 120lbs when i started  it and 375lbs when i stopped taking it)it also got me to the point i felt nothing but anger and when i wasnt riled up i was a blank mask of indifference, not only that but i have been off of it for 4 years now and i still have trouble controlling my anger and weight. Plus i have this problem where i can 't stop moving(mostly my legs and the right side of my neck)
I can 't sleep through this itch caused by my ignorance of using this fire medicine disguised as a cure for sanity... This itch is cruel and outright mind smelting ... What worse way to spend $20 ... Wash it off ? You just try and it laughs at your pain and discomfort . May the fleas off 1,000 camels invade all the delicate places of the twisted monster who markets this poison. 2:10 am
I started taking Ocella (generic for Yasmin) at age 22 when I got married. Everything was great for maybe 2 or 3 years. Then I started experiencing numbness in my right leg and left arm. This past year started having TERRIBLE migraines at least once a week.  Due to my family history of breast cancer I decided this past may (6 months ago) to come OFF of Yasmin.  To put in short (GOOGLE IT ! ) .... I had a MENTAL BREAKDOWN this past week thanks to YASMIN/OCELLA !!!!!!!!
I put my teenage daughter on Implanon 2 months ago and she has had almost non-stop bleeding ever since. The two times the bleeding slowed down to spotting she had horrible cramps after intercourse and started bleeding again.
This is literally the worst pill I 've taken. I 've been on there different types for 5 years now and gildess is the absolute worst. I 'm on my 4th day of the inactive pills and my period still isn 't here, but I spot all through the month. Not to mention mood swings, low libido, and tons of acne.
My doctor prescribed Lyrica for fibromyalgia.  As I am very sensitive to medication, I was prescribed  75 mg at bedtime each night.  The first month, I did feel better taking Lyrica.  However, after about 4 months I began experiencing strange symptoms.  I could not remember things.  My brain was foggy.  I wasn 't myself and my pain returned. It was a no brainer, so  I informed my  doctor that I wanted off of this medication.   I 've been off Lyrica now for two months and  my brain is back to normal.  It was very scary to even think how little I was taking  and what an impact it made on me.    I am taking apple cider vinegar with honey every morning, exercising a little day, even if I don 't want to, and resting when my body needs it.
I had a really bad outbreak and was recommended by a clinician to put abreva on it and take acyclovir anti-viral pills. I used TWO WHOLE PUMP BOTTLES OF ABREVA AND NOTHING CHANGED! The acyclovir didn 't help either. Tried alcohol and saw a huge difference instead. Don 't use Abreva. Use 70+% alcohol.
I was suffering from an impingement of a nerve root exiting the left side of the T10 - T11 junction.  I was prescribed Zipsor in combination with Skelaxin (muscle relaxant).  The combination provided no discernible pain relief.  However, I did suffer from significant stomach and intestinal pain.  The stomach &amp; intestinal pain stopped within 12 hours of discontinuing the Zipsor.  Overall, not a pleasant experience.
Worst drug on market for sleep and I can 't get any help
It made me extremely irritable, and seemed like it only made things worse for me.
I have been using Amolpodine for about 5 months. I have terrible side effects with this drug. My ankles and legs swell up and I retain water. At one stage; I gained 5 kilograms as I retained water. I just don 't know what to do. I would rather not be taking any drugs but I feel I have no choice. I go to the gym 3 times a day and made life style changes to lower my blood pressure but when this did not work; I was put on the drug by my doctor. I am looking at other options.
I wish I could say I have had as much luck as many others on this medication but unfortunately I have not...I was on phentermine and topiramate and it did wonders for me but its not something you can stay on long term so my doctor switched me to try Contrave, raving about how wonderful it was...well I 've been on it for 2 months now and have lost maybe 1 pound if that....very disappointing and very discouraging...I thought giving it more time to work would help but it has not....my sugar and carb cravings have worsened!....Guess it just isn 't effective for me which stinks because it isn 't cheap!
I got my first shot november 18th 2015.  My doctor gave it me while I had already been spotting for about 3 days. The spotting went on for a week more stopped for 3 days and started again for 12 days. Stopped for 11 days started again on decmeber 23 and it hasn 't stopped since. My 2nd injection is scheduled for feb 4th. If I don 't get it will the spotting stop or will it get worse ?
I was given xanax for panic attacks. Worked great. 3 years later and I have a tolerance and feel withdrawal in between doses. I am miserable and worse than I started. Use caution! Wish I had known when I started them.
This is the first and last time I ever use this birth control. I chose it because of the comodity of only replacing it once a week but I have to say that as soon as I applied the patch I started feeling anxiety, my arm felt sore where the patch was, I could not fall asleep. It was horrible, I decided to rip it off and guess what it took me less than 10 minutes to fall asleep. Whether it 's effective or not I can 't say I only used it for a day
It doesn 't help at all. Doesn 't even make me sleepy, either. Even Zoloft helps with my anxiety more, and Zoloft isn 't even marketed specifically to treat anxiety, like Visatril.
Didn 't do anything for me
I have had the mirena in almost 2 years. It has cause so much pain. Whenever I first got it the obgyn told me I would not have periods and if I did it just be here and there of spotting. The bleeding that 's recently been happening is really heavy bleeding. I don 't know if something is wrong or what 's going on with it. I wouldn 't suggest it to anybody. It causes so much pain and periods are not regular, and they are very heavy periods. It was so much money to get it in, but there is no way i 'm keeping it, the mood swings, the random heavy periods, and the pain. I can 't handle it any more.
It replaces Ativan.   No,  it doesn 't!  It works, in combination with 10mg Melatonin, for a max four hours,  four hours of seriously intense dreams!  At 3:30a I 'm wide awake,  tossing and turning till daylight.  Only thing left is good old Nyquill!
It worked for the first hour, maybe, then I sweated right through it. Not sure if I have a stronger case or this just didn 't work. It also gave me terrible irritation in the applied area for a few hours after taking it off.
I advice you not to take Brilinta. My husband woke up every 10 minutes scared of dying because he couldn 't breath. He coughed and had blurred vision too. This medication should be off market. We had 2 sleepless weeks while he was in Brilinta
Beware - this drug may give rebound headaches.
I have tried just about every erectile dysfunction remedy available over the last few years none of which did much for me. My erections just were not strong enough to facilitate good sex for myself nor my wife and I was loosing any sensation. My urologist suggested I try MUSE and I did. But only a couple of times. The feeling I got was like being kicked in the groin. I thought the first time was possibly only a fluke for some reason but I was WRONG! The second time was just as bad! I have NEVER felt anything like the aching and discomfort I experienced possibly outside of being kicked in the groin. And my erection was just as weak as ever and my penis was so painful sex would have been impossible anyway. You can HAVE this stuff.
I have been on this birth Control since September of 2016 and it is now February of 2017 and I am having to switch birth controls. I was having heavy bleeding in my periods and severe cramping. My skin was relatively perfect. I never got acne, besides maybe 1 zit every month or so. When I first started this birth Control, I started to get some acne. It wasn 't anything to alarming, because I thought it was normal and it would clear up quickly and would be done. But this acne did not clear up. Over the months, my skin has gotten to the point where I don 't want to leave my house without face makeup to cover up my acne and scarring. This BC has broken me out severely. My bleeding has reduced some but my cramps are still severe on most periods
I am 18 years old. When I was put on this medication I was 17. I started on this pill in August 2015. In November of 2015 I was taken to the hospital with BLOOD CLOTS in 3 major veins of my left arm. I do not have a clotting disorder. I have never had health problems. I went through a major bypass where they removed a section of my vein to replace part of the vein around my collarbone that could not eventually fix itself. I had many balloons done through my arm to try to remove the clots. Currently, I am therapeutic. I take a blood thinner twice a day and an aspirin once daily. This has been my daily routine for five and a half months.
The applicator has a 100% fail rate.  The pill does not release.  The applicator mimics another brand - but not well.  Poor quality.  It would be easy to not realize the pill remained in the applicator and then to discard it. The applicator is also likely to pinch when it snaps to release.  Ouch.Finally, the packaging is poorly designed and makes it almost impossible to separate individual units.  Both applicator and packaging needs to be fixed immediately.
Mitrazapine made my anxiety worse.  It has been hell getting off Mirtazapine.  It has taken me 2 years to get to 3mg from 37.5mg.  It has done nothing for me,  but cause havoc in my life.  Weight gain, nightmares, anxiety, panic,  sugar cravings,  night sweats, body quackes. Neck pressure, head aches, pressure in the head, pins and needles in the arms, chest, burning head, food / suppliment  intolerance .Can 't wait to get off this poison. Also developed pot belly from this drug, and I have always had a flat stomach. When you stop Mitrazapine,  does that go away?
got my top and bottom wisdom teeth on my right side removed. I was prescribed T3 's and they suck! I 'm in so much pain! Haven 't slept because I physically can 't! Hurts so much :(
At first had lots of energy and my concentration was great. Got a weird metallic taste in my mouth after I smoked and started to lose the temptation. I slowly started becoming more aggressive and agitated and on about the 5th day. I had hallucinations freaked out and stopped taking it.
severe itching for unknown reason(so far- test being taken) took 1 last night at 4 pm did not make me drowsy and itch did not even slightly approve.- very disappointed-  going to give it another try today after work so I can take every 6 hours  over the weekend this way if it does knock me out im home..
I have been on this birth control for a few weeks now and have had nothing but issues with it. The first few days were fine and I had very few problems As I got farther along into the pill pack I started having more side effects such as Bad cramps, light headed, I was very moody, My back was very achy, and I started to have headaches. Day 7 I started my period 3 weeks early. I figured it was spotting but I ended up having to use tampons and pads. I called my doctor and they told me to stay on it and it should get better. So that is what i did. It hasn 't stopped.Ii have been on my &quot;period ' for a week now when usually it is only 3. I am very disappointed with this medicine.
The nausea hit within 20 minutes or so.  I kept trying to vomit in the toilet, but just dry heaving.  I was  crying at the same time and my poor cat was standing near me crying, too.   I was sick for hours and really thought about calling an ambulance.  I laid down with a blanket and was shivering.  This has been the worst experience I have ever had with a prescription drug.  I feel so bad I will not be able to take my other meds tonight.  I am afraid I will throw them up.
I can 't sleep, I am talking to fast and my heart feels like its going to fly out of my chest at anytime. They were trying to slow it down and all they did was speed it up.
Since I 've started taking this pill my mood has been all over the place, I 've been crying, and sad all the time, and I 'm a really happy person, I never have acne and now I have acne is really bad I feel bad! It 's been only one week.
Used CeraVe moisturizer lotion on face and neck.   Within 20 minutes skin extremely red and burning.  I believe the ingredient &quot;niacinamide&quot; is the culprit.  I have used retinoids for years without any problems.
I got tinnitus one hour after taking 1.5mg. It is still going. Do not take Cialis.
I been like a lab rat for many years.  Have been on and off this trash  Hasn 't ever helped me.  They (different Dr throughout years)  will try this first.  For one.  I don 't want to be over or under medicated. I understand everybody reacts differently to prescriptions or any thing they eat, drink, or put in body.  Honestly for me I believe these are placebos (like a sugar or salt pill).  I do not abuse any medication.  I 've been up to 75 MG throughout a day.  I can tell you   .5mg of clonazepam 3 times  a day and I function pretty well.  Have had Valium, xanax and felt like a zombie throughout the day.  Do work with your Dr.  Hopefully you have one that will listen.  And offer suggestions if this doesn 't work.   Good luck
Admittedly, when I started Prozac and up until I stopped taking it, I was not very honest with my therapist on my emotional state, so I never changed medication despite it 's lack of effect on me. I was taking it to help with my depression and anxiety, and it didn 't help with either. It didn 't have any negative effects on me, but it didn 't have any positive effects either. I had started at 10 mg, went up to 20 mg, and finally 40 mg. For each one, it seemed to help at first but wouldn 't after around two weeks. Although it wasn 't right for me, I know that it 's been quite helpful to friends of mine and it wouldn 't hurt to try it out yourself.
Cipro was working for me and just stopped.I started getting sick again halfway through the treatment.
started to go blind
NOT If it was the last diabetic drug left on earth!  I never had any body pain till I went on to this medication. I had stopped and started it four times. Each time the body pain a lymph nodes were swollen , I was screened for HIV all other STD 4 x in one year as well as cancer screening to see if that is what was causing my lymph nodes to go into overdrive. Nothing was found so every time I took the pill my body would try and fight it.  It caused so much, I had 3 yeast infections and  it absolutely destroyed all mucous membranes  to drastically thin and tear... this is a horrible pill!!!
Lexapro made everything worse for me. Had horrible side effects! Teeth clinching, headaches, zombie like, no energy, insomnia and horrible nightmares. Had to stop after 3 days.
I had the worst mood swings on Yaz. Cried basically every day over the stupidest things, made me extremely tired and stressed, and made me gain a ton of weight. After a year of being on it I switched to Tri-cyclen and couldn 't be happier.
I used the product twice. I coated entire head as directed and let it sit for 40 minutes. The second time, I used a tube and a half and made sure it stayed on my head for the same time - far longer than the required 10 minutes before rinsing out, and didn 't wash hair for two days. After both uses, I still felt itching, crawling. And this after going through the lice song and dance routine (washing, sterilizing everything I have ever come in contact with, passed by, looked at, breathed on, thought about, replacing combs, accessories, etc, etc, etc.). Several nits were found in my hair after this. My daughter did the same with her family. I pulled live lice from her hair last night. 
The Mirena worked for not getting pregnant and no periods. However, it gave me debilitating cystic acne. It started within 3-4 months after getting the Mirena inserted.  I went to several doctors and dermatologists who all insisted that the Mirena was not the cause. I spent thousands of dollars on acne prescriptions and countless depressed days due to the severity of the acne.  As a woman in my mid thirties,  it effected my career as well as my personal relationships and self esteem.  This went on for the next 5 years.  I didn 't have the Mirena removed on its expiration date, and noticed that after about 3 months after the expiration, my skin had miraculous improvement.  I had the Mirena removed and have never suffered a breakout since.
I am not able to judge the effective of this medication because it causes me to develop a urinary tract infection. I have tried it 3 times and developed the problem after each one.
Omgosh!! Somebody help me! I applied the cream and it burns and hurts and itches! I jumped up to get a bag of ice and put it down there after I rubbed the cream off. It still itches like anything. Never using it again!!!
Had the shot once, no bleeding the first two months then the third month a four week long period. Didn 't go back (due for another shot May third) and I 've pretty much been bleeding/spotting the whole time. April-September and still going strong.
I was prescribe 50mg 4x a day and then moved to 300mg extended release.  While on the 50mg 4x a day, I noticed it took about 15 minutes to feel some relief from my joint &amp; nerve pain.  The only problem was each dose only really lasted for about 20 minutes.  The first does ever was a oh yer finally some relief, that lasted 20 minutes. That was the reason we switched to 300mg extended release.  Again, it took about 15 minutes to feel a decrease in pain.  With the extended release, it still only helped for a short period of time, maybe an hour or two.  I stuck with it for about 4-6 weeks hoping it would build up &amp; eventually relieve pain for a good portion of my day.  Honestly, it only cut pain by about 50% &amp; never lasted longer than 2 hours.
I had an absolutely terrible experience. I had it in for 6 months and had 2 periods a month, dibilitating cramps that made me cry from pain, mood issues, suicidal thoughts, terrible acne, and 20 pounds of weight gain to name a few. I now have self harm scars from how far this thing pushed me. I really wanted to like Skyla but it did not work for me. Don 't make the same mistake I did, check if you have a progesterone intolerance before you get one of these things in!
To those who are saying the negative symptoms will not be experienced if you follow instructions, screw you. I 'm on this for an infected cat bite. I 'm pregnant, it 's the only safe antibiotic for me apparently. I am taking these as prescribed by doctor and pharmacist with lots of water and food. The heart burn and stomach cramps/diarrhea are hell. And guess what!? On the package it describes these as known symptoms to the medication. I hate what I am going through. So far I have found no relief and want nothing more than to stop taking them. I will be following up with my doctor. To those who are lucky enough to not experience the symptoms/side effects? Good on you! others aren 't as lucky.
I had way too many uncomfortable side effects that caused me to stop taking the medicine. It did help with the &quot;pain&quot;, but gave me a false sense of wellness and I would over do my ability to be active and suffer.
Ocella was considered generic but recently within the last 2 weeks was changed to be a brand name for no reason what so ever by Medispan.
Granddaughter in hospital thanks to this, everyone do the research
This did nothing to help me go to sleep or stay asleep. Very expensive, up all night and foggy with tingly legs. Not worth &quot;waiting for it to work&quot; as my doctor suggested. 3 nights of no sleep is enough. Nothing. Total waste of money and had headaches each day.
I was prescribed these for an onset of panic attacks that would spike my BP to 175 over 130. Taking these 0.5 mg pills did nothing but make me lose my short term memory. I still felt panicked and my BP would only drop slightly until I rode out the attack.
12 hours and nothing.... I 'm getting worried even this won 't work.
I have had yeast infections in the past, but I have never tried this medicine for one before! Like everyone else as soon as I put the cream in I felt constant itching! Itching so bad I wanted to cry because it wouldn 't stop! I just got out of the shower from trying to get all of it out! I feel a lot better now! I recommend going straight to the doctor and get the pills, so you don 't have to waste your money on this product.
Prescribed 150 mg for anxiety and unable to go to sleep.  Took 1/2 tablet which was 75 mg.  Started stumbling around soon after taking.  Spent a sleepless night with the jitters, blurry vision,  head felt like it was in a vice.  Was 36 hours before I felt back to normal.
Do NOT use this product.I had taken this with 12 hours and am now pregnant!!!  Please, I advise all you women who do not want a chid right now to use protection! and if it fails to use the other brands of morning after pill. DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT!! it also gave me bad cramps!! For what?!?! It didn 't even work!!!!
might as well be taking aspirin..low doses
Headaches, lower back pain, visual problems, increased reflux, foot swelling, fatigue
Been using the estring for a few years and I don 't like it at all. Putting it in is difficult and taking it out is worse. I used a plastic crochet hook to remove it. I noticed a foul smell from my vagina  when I peed and when slept in the was nude. Finally pulled out the estring with the crochet hook  for the last time.The odor was gone. I will probably use Premarin.
I 've been on the shot since december 17th 2015 and I started bleeding on the 3rd of janurary and I havent stopped yet idk what to do
Sucked. Didn 't do anything for me.
I have tried using this twice (it is the only thing ICH offers) and it has been worse than being on no medication at all. Both excessive glucose levels &amp; dangerous hypoglycemic episodes.  Looking for alternatives.  Dosage required is double of what I used with Lantus.
My psych. put me on this yesterday and I took it today for the first time this morning. It made me feel cloudy all day and it made my anxiety worse. Ativan works way better! Never taking Vistaril ever again!
No relief.
I was taking this pill for pcos..i was fine for the 1st 24 days...after the 4 days of not taking it i then resumed and i started bleeding but the pain that has come with it is unbearable im now going onto my 5th day of intense pain..i too have taking myself off this pill and i hope the pain subsides soon.
Librium hasn 't worked at all for me. I 'm taking 10mg four times a day and I still get anxeity.
I began taking Tri-Nessa 2 months ago and have already experienced 2 week periods, beginning in the middle of the second day of the 3rd week (too early), insomnia (I have NEVER had a problem sleeping), a feeling of aimlessness, overwhelm, and unexplained sadness and irritability.  I had asked for Ortho Tri-Cyclen as I had had no problems at all with it, but was given Tri-Nessa with the explanation that they are the same but unfortunately they are quite different.
I 've had overactive bladder for about 6 years and tried many medications. Some of them helped a little for a few months, then stopped helping. Three weeks ago I had the surgery where botox is injected into the bladder. It didn 't help me at all. I 'm back to taking 30mg of Ditropan daily which helps a little, but not much. Am going to visit the specialist and hopefully there 's a solution.
you will poo your pants within 1 hr of taking this product
Worst pill ever. I experienced horrible stomach pains, nausea, headaches, loss of appetite, and depression. Would not recommend to anyone.
I have not ever suffered allergies to any meds except this one.  My face got really red, itching, wheezing and bad headache. Went by doc office next day to see if this was an allergic reaction.  Nurse asked if had fevers and said prob but had not checked. I had just drank some ibuprofen so when she checked it was slightly higher than normal. Nurse said if I could tolerate the medication to continue taking 5 day dosage. I felt so bad by the 4th day (lightheaded/ dizziness, facial numbness, extreme fatigue, depression, body aches, and my right side &amp; back hurt alot). I skipped the 5th dose. I thought I would never feel better again.  It took about 2 months to feel better. I found out I am allergic to sulfa meds. Did not clear UTI.
Migraines and more migraines. I was getting up to 4 migraines a month to the point I started a headache log. I never put two and two together until I mentioned my frequent migraines to my doctor and he told me to go off Trinessa immediately, as it may cause stroke during migraine. Alarming, to say the least.I wasn 't convinced that my migraines were related to Trinessa, but now that I 've been off it for well over a month with zero migraines, I know that was the cause.I suppose it did its job in regard to the cysts (I have a hysterectomy, so I didn 't need it for BC reasons), but the migraines and decreased sex drive were no fun at all. I was blaming hormones, but I was mistaken.
don 't get this unless you have very mild acne... I have moderate I 've struggled with acne for about a year now. I used to be on sulfameth acne pills which did wonders but thought that I could stop taking them when I was cleared up.. I broke out again then got on this horrible medication and have continued to break out for the past 3 weeks. going back to sulfameth:)
Took the pill 12 hours after unprotected sex. I 'm a month late took a pregnancy test it 's negative but I 'm still worried I might be because I have started yet
I had a bad experience with this drug. I have taken Zegrid for years and felt like I may need something stronger. My doctor gave me Dexilant 30 mg samples to try. I experienced nausea, body aches, stomach pain, gas and excessive burping. On second thought, I will keep using Zegrid!  After one day of stopping this medicine, my symptoms went away.
I have been on Aviane for two months now. I 'll be starting my third month in about a week. I have noticed a huge difference in my appetite. I 've usually only eaten a snack after school and dinner but lately I seem to always have food in my mouth and I eat huge amounts. My stomach is constantly bloated. My mood recently started to change, I always feel down and in a &quot;I hate everything&quot; mood. I am normally a very happy non stop laughing person but now its an effort to smile. I 've also experienced extreme fatigue, I have no energy for anything and all I ever seem to do is cry. I hope none of you are experiencing this.
I had skyla for 3 years. I still remember getting it inserted it was a terrible experience. During the three years I had terrible ache and experienced a hard time losing weight. I was miserable and over emotional. I had the pill before and I liked it a lot better the only concern was remembering to take it so I switched to Skyla. I am now switching back to the pill!
I just started my second month of Jolessa. A month ago I weighed 105-115 depending on the week I guess. Now I weigh 140 pounds! I also am getting acne on my shoulders and sometimes my face, but I wash it multiple times a day because it is so oily! My skin has also been extremely irritated, I have never used lotion my skin has never needed it, and now it is extremely dry and itchy, and recently I started getting bumps on my arms like underneath the skin. Cramps are horrible around the time I am supposed to have my period. I haven 't had my period or spotting since I started, however if you miss a day you will get it! I have been extremely up and down with my moods. 
I wish I had read reviews first. Took monistat 1 and went from bad too worse. The burning is so bad it is unbearable. No sleep for me tonight. Absolute torture. According to the reviews I 'm reading this is not uncommon worth this medication. I will never never use it again and will tell everyone I.know not to either. This should not be sold at this strength if this is the result.
I was put on doxy 50g once a day I am onto my 3rd week I can tell you in the first week saw a bit more flare up in my acne, 2nd week came around worst flare up I 've ever had! And it 's still continuing. Either my dosage is too little or it 's just making things a whole lot worse. My face wasn 't that bad 3 weeks ago. I have never had acne this bad before I 'm 23 and have always had pimples but only small ones and there odd big one.. now cheeks, jawline and neck covered in cystic acne Starting doxy I even stopped all sugar, started drinking green tea and eating more fruit and only drinking water!
Took cymbalta for depression for about 6 month, first 30 mg which my doctor increased little by little until it got to 90 mg. She increased it because the medication seemed to work but after a while the symptoms were present again. I went on vacation and when returned, couldn 't get the prescription on time, that was the beginning of the nightmare. Symptoms of withdraw going from vomiting, electric zaps, severe nausea, severe dizziness sensation that I am falling down, head pain and so on for more than two month. I didn 't stop taking the medication, it was only a gap on treatment what put me in that situation. Since that day I asked to my doctor to help me discontinue it even following her directions, it is so bad that I don 't recommend it ever
The only good thing that came from being on this pill was that it prevented pregnancy. Unfortunately the side effects forced me off it. In the beginning there was cystic acne (face, chest,back), mild weight gain/bloating and mild mood swings. I gave it some time, my body just needed to adjust. After four months the acne cleared up but the mood swings worsened and depression kicked in. It only got worse from there. Just before stopping this pill at nine months I felt like a completely different person- crying over every little thing, everything irritated me, little sex drive, constantly depressed. These side effects were having a huge negative impact on my life, totally not worth it to me.
At first I thought the gabapentin was going to work for my fibromyalgia, but after about a week I began experiencing headaches from nowhere!!  Same with amytriptiline, Savella, Lyrica and Cymbalta.  I am sensitive to and get migraines from every medication that is used to treat the pain of fibromyalgia.
I started this pill on the first day of my period and have almost finished a pack now. I had a longer period followed by brown discharge for a week. This pill makes me feel fatigued the whole time just like the worst I feel before getting my period. My energy level has decreased significantly. Secondly I noticed my sex drive is gone. Last but not the least my hair is falling a lot. Initially I was going to give it another month to see if the side effects will get better but now I decide to get off this pill after the first pack. It changed how my body feels completely and I can 't be this tired everyday.
I wouldn 't recommend this to anyone I have had my period for 9 weeks straight
I 'll make this as brief as possible:This drug isn 't putting a dent on ceasing tumor progression in me. Unfortunately, the intravenous chemo [Abraxane] I was on had plateaued and was no longer effective. I have no idea what I will be going on next.
Put on Solumedrol IV and then take home Prednisone, 60 mg, weaned down to 20 now. Reason for taking was not my Fibro, but Acute Respiratory Failure with Hypoxy, Sepsis, Bilateral Pneumonia, exacerbation of COPD, abnormal CT lungs. This is the WORST medication. I am even more depressed, anxious, hyped up, insomnia worse, no appetite, anxiety attacks, nightmare with terrors, upset stomach, indigestion worse than normal Achalsia and GERD, post op Myotomy, Nissen Fundo. I feel like dying! I still have some pain, even if all pain from severe DDD,FIBRO, CMPS, could not tolerate this med Feel like I am dying. Any suggestions on how to cope? My future will hold many rounds of med with repeated pneumonias,COPD
I started this medicine about three months ago. At first it worked great, after 2-3 weeks it does little to none. I have 2 degenerated disc and severe nerve pain down my neck and shoulder. I 'm also prescribed tramadol which works better and that says enough. I have been on hydrocodone which works way better then this medicine. Disappointed. My doctor said it was 4x the strength of a Norco. Lie.
I forgot to add that while I was on this pill, during the second month that I was taking it, for the two weeks that I was tapering off the active pills and going into the sugar pills, I felt so incredibly disturbed and crazy. I started feeling extremely anxious and like I was going to die. I also had thoughts of killing myself during those two weeks. I 've noticed this on the NuvaRing too, which makes me think I 'm really sensitive to estrogen. If you have depression and anxiety I really don 't recommend this pill because in my own experience, already knowing I have it, it made life a living hell during the last two weeks. I 'm going to see if switching to a no-estrogen pill will work or possibly try an IUD.
I had the Mirena IUD inserted January 2016 due to heavy periods.  With the IUD my periods were lighter but lasted 2 weeks.  My moods changed severely and I had cramping everyday during my 2 week periods.  I have developed acne cyst on my face, sex had become painful and I began to bleed after sex.  I had become miserable.  Four days ago I had my IUD removed.  The string had coiled and my doctor had great difficulty getting it out.  Since its removal, I started with very light spotting.  I am in day four and I have heavy bleeding and I am passing HUGE clots.  I am experiencing gushing which causes me to fill up pads within and hour. I 'm dizzy, have no energy, bloated and a constant headache.  NEVER AGAIN!!!
Made me feel like a zombie..Foggy feeling in head.  Not good for the sex life.    Sleepy all day long; couldn 't get out of bed.  I woke up just to eat and went back to bed.   Stopped after 6 weeks.; switched to Wellbutrin with good results.
I 've been taking this med for 3 months for severe anxiety. Every night I have a complete mental breakdown for at least the past 2 months while trying to go to sleep. I 've slightly lost feeling in parts of my face, my speech is slurred , and I can 't think. Before taking this medication I lived a very active lifestyle and now I have no motivation to do anything. I don 't even leave my house unless I have to. To top that all off I 'm severely depressed . Don 't take this medication for anxiety.
It is awfully hard to open up the package containing the pills for me. I think Aubagio has helped my symptoms and other than thinning my hair a little no other side effects or relapses noted. Is there a way to change the packing to a pill bottle so they are easier to use.
Horrible side effects. I take 12 different medicines each day and when Savella was added the side effects that occurred were--speech impairment, motor skills were dulled, very dulled, just not myself. Couldn 't recognize people, couldn 't function normally.
Paxil made me gain 5 lbs.. I noticed most of it was in my abdomen. It also made me very tired. I gained 15 lbs. overall. I was taken off it, but my energy wasn 't coming back. It turned out I had a thyroid problem due to my carbamazepine, which controls my epileptic seizures.
Unable to urinate.
I was on depo-shot for a little over a year and lets just say it was one of the worst experiences of my life. At the beginning it was good I thought it was the best birth control I 've ever been on no periods thought it would  help me a gain a little weight. Boy was a wrong! Whenever I would have sex it felt like I was being ripped open inside. Then my hair started to fall out, my skin started yellowing &amp; since you have to get the shot ever 3 months once the hormones are in you there 's no stopping the awful side effects that come with this shot. I started to lose a ton of weight due to depression, acne was awful, &amp; I had a period for 3 months straight. I was only 16 &amp; now I 'm infertile! Beware of depo, implant &amp; patch. (Nuva ring n pills recommend)
ALERT!!!! I could not be awakened from a deep sleep the second time I took this drug. I realized later, I almost went into a coma! I slept for 13.5 hours, and a friend had to wake me up,pour coffee down me and make me started walking. I did not even hear my dog trying to get me up. It took over 48 hours to recover. I threw all of the samples out!
Followed all instruction to the letter. All I got was a bit of a burning sensation in my urethra and a bit of numbness over most of my penis. 
This implant is evil!! I had it put in September of 2015 and it has been nothing but a headache. For the first month I didn 't have any side effects but by the second month my face started breaking out so bad and I haven 't had acne since I was about 13. Now my breakouts are starting to spread to my neck and chest! I also didn 't have a period for 10 months while on this implant but then the week of my wedding I started my period! Now I have a period every other week. I have also had several pregnancy scares since I have gotten into my second year on this implant. I have had all of the pregnancy symptoms but all the tests came back negative.. I 'm hoping to get this implant out soon and get back on the pill.
I started my DEPO shot January 25 2017 which was 2 days after my period ended. My next period was due on the 15th. And I 've been bleeding every since. Today makes 21 consecutive days I 've been bleeding. It 's making me dehydrated and I 'm already anemic. I 'm supposed to go back in April but they will not be seeing me. I really hope I don 't bleed these whole 3 months. This stops me from being intimate with my partner. DO NOT GET THIS SHOT.
I 've had yeast infections in the past and just recently, I noticed I had some itching and dryness with white-ish discharge. I decided not to wait until the problem got worse, so I went to the store and bought a Monistat 1. It was the one with the pre-filled applicator. Took it last night at around 10. Throughout the night I could feel that my downstairs was very tender and I couldn 't figure out why. At first I thought it was just the medicine working it 's magic. WELL, I wake up this morning and grab a mirror out of curiosity and I am completely swollen!! The lips and inside is swollen, and it 's all very tender! I 'm panicking and have no idea what to do in order to reduce the swelling! If anyone has any advice, it would be greatly appreciated.
I actually have ADD. This may work for many people, but it gave me bad chest pain.
This product is horrible, it made me not be able to breath through my nose whatsoever, and stopped up my ears. The other brand works amazingly compared to this crap.
I do not like this drug!  it gives me an upset stomach, dry mouth, gaining even more weight, makes me feel like I 'm about to barf sometimes, I get double vision, dizziness, and even blurred vision.  My doctor thought it was such a wonderful idea, and I have told her about my reactions to this medication, but she still thinks its a great medication.  I wish she were in my shoes!
It did not work at all. One hour and a half later I was able to pass it but with nothing else. Very confusing as I have used before about a year ago and it worked great.
I was prescribed Bactrim for a skin infection and took one pill.  Within less than an hour I was vomiting, shaking, sweating, and had severe diarrhea. I was literally unable to do anything but lay in bed with frequent bathroom trips for the next 24 hours.  It was horrible.  Never again.
I 've been in this shot for 5 months. First 3 months I was always spotting &amp; I was always angry. I always had acne but this shot made it worse. I started having nightmares and my anxiety was worse but I still decided to go on with my 2nd. Once I got my 2nd shot the bleeding went away, most of the side effects went away except for my acne it got worse. My skin hasn 't been this bad in years! &amp; my hair is falling out like crazy I 'm afraid to even brush it. My sex drive also completely went away. I also started bleeding again this while on this and ever since I started bleeding again.im severely depressed. I don 't know how to shake this feeling off. If you have a history of acne &amp; depression pls don 't get this shot. It will bring everything back
I started taking Lexapro 10 mg about to months ago and felt great well my insurance would not cover the Lexapro no more so I got switched to Celexa. WEll I have been on it for two days and it has made me so mean. I am not liking this at all. Anything makes me irritable so I called my MD and am waiting on a phone call back.
My 9 year old son was put on a low dosage (0.25mg twice daily) to try and help aggression. He has been diagnosed with Aspergers. Unfortunatly he was sensitive to the drug and had a bad dystonic reaction. Hands went into spasms with Parkinsons type symptoms.
This drug made me psycho. It effected my relationship, which was really hard. It doesn&rsquo;t give me tons of little zits, but a couple large ones that take over my face that I have never really gotten before. If you don&rsquo;t take it around the same time every day you spot (at least for me I did). But I think overall the worst part was how it made me feel. I&rsquo;m sure it did it&rsquo;s job but I have always been an upbeat, happy person! This made me feel depression and anxiety which was new to me. I just sob for no reason. My therapy was a hot bath. Works every time.
Geodon has caused me to be very hostile.
After three weeks of antibiotic for an upper respiratory infection I developed a yeast infection.  My doctor prescribed Fluconazole 100 mg and Monistat 7.  The burning from the cream vaginally I thought was part of the curing process.  After 3 days I had burning so bad I stopped using it.  Now after 3 doses of Flucon. and trying Monistat periodically again burning like fire ants in my crotch I am returning to my Doc screaming!!!  No Monistat will ever be used again by me
Did not experience much drop in my  'over activity ' ... from 16 to 13 x a day.  Worst was the patch cause large red mark on skin that stayed for days and itched.
I 'm pregnant so I 'm gonna say it didn 't work.
Horrible!!! I decided to give this a try but in the first month I gained 10 lbs, my apetite increased so much. I couldn 't control myself it was worse than the munchies(420) my husband and I started having issues bc I was never in the mood for sex and I mean NEVER. Horrible horrible horrible. Mood swings,I would get really sad out of no where pretty depressing. I was very negative started losing confidence which is not me. Only good thing this pill did was give me super clear skin. Today is 1 month and 1 week i am not taking it anymore!!!
Was put on nucynta 100 mg every six hours for a two week trial  after 60 mg of morphine long term use and tolerance. I have had major hot flashes, headaches, nausea   At first I thought maybe the conversation wasn 't done correctly but this medicine just flat out does not work for me at all. I woke up with night sweats, had to go to the bathroom and couldn 't go. I 'd rather go back on the morphine and adjust the dosage up. They can have this drug.
Okay so this morning I found out I have chlamydia,  well I got the powder medication,  one dose, I ate before taking it and took it with 2. Ounces of water like directed, well 2 minutes after taking it I had like projectile vomit, I am really concerned cause I think I threw it all back up, so I 'm going to call and talk to my doctor about it in the morning.
DON 'T GET THE MIRENA IUD. I wanted to love the Mirena, I really did. I 'm 23, no kids &amp; wanted a low maintaince birth control. Insertion &amp; initial cramping were pretty bad but thats normal. I liked my IUD for the first year or so. Didn 't gain weight like I did on the pill &amp; no real side effects. But my love for the IUD turned to hatred when I discovered it had given me an OVARIAN CYST. I started having an excruciating pain deep in my abdomen. The pain was right next to my hip bone and was unlike ANY pain I 've ever had. It would radiate down my leg &amp; up my back. Some days I couldn 't even stand up or go to work. Finally got an ultrasound and discovered it was a cyst so now its out and I feel SO much better. Please don 't get the Mirena!!
I had kidney stones and a severe kidney, and UTI infection, I was prescribed this medication in the hospital.  The infections cleared up however I had a horrific reaction of severe burning of my hands and feet!  Do not go in the sun at all while on this medication.  My hands and feet are blistering and peeling badly.  I don 't recommend this medication.  Ask your doctor for another antibiotic.
At age 79 and put on Eliquis 5 days ago--I have had such bad dizziness and nausea--and because of Meniere 's also, the ears ringing has been awful and added to all this.I have chronic a-fib and have two cardio-versions. I was previously on 2 baby aspirin daily. Couldn 't tolerate either of the other newer meds either. Everything seems to increase my dizziness due to Meniere 's and adds to nausea and even confusion and etc. So--I just told my doctor--no more of this drug. I want to stay with the 2 baby aspirin daily. No history of stroke in my family--nor have I had any. I just don 't do meds well  'at all '.
I was put on this for a while.  It made me very depressed, anxious and withdrawn.  It was only when my friends told me how bad I was that I realised I was having a real &quot;breakdown&quot; on it.  I went to see my doctor who changed me to Sertraline which suits me a lot better.  I was depressed before I took Duloxetine but I went in to a very dark place that I had trouble getting out off.  We are all different and different medication suit different people.
I told my doctor about my symptoms and he told me that my symptoms did not appear in his medical handbook so he disregarded my symptoms completely. He said it was mandatory for him to report any symptom not listed in his book to the proper health authorities to update the handbook. However, he didn 't report the side effects that I told him about because it was &quot;too much paperwork.&quot; Instead, he tried to convince me that it had nothing to do with Elavil and in a threatening demeanour tried to change my mind about my symptoms so that he would not be forced to do any paperwork. After reading this site on Elavil, I see the symptoms that I told my doctor about. I find that my doctor acted in an unsafe, unprofessional, and negligent manner.
My dr prescribed me the CONTRAVE to lose weight. I took the first &amp; only pill yesterday. I wound up in the ER from an allergic reaction to this pill. It was the only thing different I had took. 30 min after taking it I was shaking all over inside &amp; out. It felt like my insides were trying to crawl out of my body. I had chills was literally freezing &amp; it was in the low 90s. Very bad headache my tongue swelled up later that nite could hardly talk. Hurt to be touched I couldn 't be still I was shaking really bad. The worst experience I 've ever had. I literally thought I was going to die.
I had the implanon about 7 years ago and had it taken out after only a year (not the 3 its allowed).  This was a horrible experience for me. I didn 't have a period he entire time, I gained almost 50 lbs, had the worst mood swings, I could feel myself becoming angry/crazy even though often times it was not that serious. Everything made me mad, or made me cry-- just horrible. after having it removed, it took almost 2 and a half years to start my period again and another 2 for it to become regular! when I did first get it, I had a period every 4-5 months. Now that it is a bit regular, I still can not seem to get pregnant. worst decision I ever made was getting the implanon. NEVER AGAIN, nor do I recommend to anyone
Severe allergic reaction.
Took ambien, slept for two hours, woke up and vomited for 7 hours and felt terrible all day.
Hi. I had mild acne, which I now know was not that bad. When I first started this medication, my skin became dis colored, sensitive, and it broke out. My relatives told me to stop using it, but I read reviews and figured it would get better. I have now been using it for about two and a half months&mdash;nothing has changed. It just made my even brown skin patchy and gave me pimples in formerly clear places. I forgot to use it last night, and I am debating on whether or not I should continue. I miss my old skin more then ever. I wish I had never gotten this medication. I am now more insecure then ever before. What should I do?
What you read about Lunesta 's taste is so right. Lunesta is GROSS. Is took about 20 minutes for the &quot;taste&quot; that everyone complains about to show up. It did not help me sleep at all. I was half awake all night and when I was asleep I was having weird dreams. It 's 12 hours later and every time I sip water or anything it still tastes like I chewed a tylenol or something. &quot;Bitter&quot; or &quot;metallic&quot; taste is an understatement. Did not work, tasted horrible. If I could give this back to the pharmacy I would. Back to Ambien for me.
I had the worst experience with it. It increased my heart rate to 226 beats a minute. I literally thought I was dying.
We had no results on this medication.  Granted we only took the 5mg but her emotions were so heightened she would start crying for no reason.  The teachers didn 't see a difference and her grades started going down.  The side effects were to intense for her on 5mg, there was no way I going to go up and have it worse.  We are now going to try Vyvanse 10mg.  We will see if this change helps.
This stuff is absolutely disgusting as everyone agrees. With all due respect to the lemon suckers, that didn 't help me.  Ginger Ale chasers helped a little and you have to use a straw. I finished the first one in about  a 1/2 hour   and almost instantaneously barffed it all up. Called Dr. and told me to start the 2nd a couple of hours early  (10 p instead of midnite) and I could do 2 oz every 1/2 hour.  Got thru 10 oz and couldn 't take any more.  Luckily I was cleaned out enough and had no polyps because this was my first and last colonoscopy until their is a better prep.
Be careful using this medication, and do not use it longer than 3 days without talking to your doctor.  I took this medicine once a day for months at a time to help with sinus and allergies, and I just found out I have tachycardia as a result (the electric impulses in my heart are messed up and now it beats dangerously fast).  I am at risk for a stroke or a heart attack and will likely have to take medicine the rest of my life to lower my heart rate.  Don 't let this happen to you!
I miscarried at almost 3 months June 16th. A Dr felt I should get depo to prevent another pregnancy to soon and to stabilize my uterus. My period Started again July 26th Around the First of August I began putting on weight seemingly overnight. When I got my next period all hell broke lose. I began bleeding on and off. Some days light so days heavy. Some days brownish some days bright red and it has not stopped until now. Early October and I 've gained about 13 pounds. I 've been doing at home exercises to keep from getting to big and it has helped. It 's October 6th and the bleeding has greatly diminished and seems to be stopping. So I 've been bleeding for 2 months. I did not go back to get a second shot which was due Mid September. No more for me
Just started taking this 3 months ago after being taken or Norg-fe due to a few cases of spotting and 2 cases of 3 week long periods and lets just say I 'd rather have the periods back again. I haven 't had my period since I started Blisovi but every now and then I still get the killer cramps. It also caused me to gain about 5 pounds along with some severe acne or breakouts on my arms, shoulders, back, and even legs. Do not recommend at all.
I had it in for 2 months. Got hot flashes panic attacks and insomnia. Took it out, got migraines, hot flashes anxiety and irregular periods. My advice take the pill. It 's annoying but it 's a better method.
Hi everyone. I am going to start by saying that every birth control works differently on every body and gene type, but I can say that TriNessa is showing me how horrible birth control can be.  I started taking birth control when I was 15 and have been using TriNessa since then.  This was my first birth control.  I was OK for the first 3 years of my life, acne great, no weight gain, no irregular bleeding, but my period was heavy and my mood swings were absolutely insane. From having serious depression to anxiety about everything.  For the past two years now, I have been starting to gain weight as I am 20.  I have put on at least 20 pounds and still have depression and anxiety.  I just went off of it today, and hope I can be myself again.
I 've been having problems sleeping due to anxiety and depression and was prescribed this. The first night/day was awful, I was extremely groggy and had a headache all day. I also had a problem with my eyes being sore, I 'm not taking anymore.
Was prescribed (basically, handed a packet of pills) metronidazole by the company doctor on the Pacific island where I 'm currently doing volunteer work. Five day course. By day two my dizziness and nausea had turned into uncoordinated gait and problems with fine motor control; that night I woke up panicking and completely dissociated from my surroundings. Went to another doctor who happens to be living in the same village as me, she told me I was having a rare and very serious sensitively to the drug. Miserable experience, but like I said, very rare. I 'm sharing because the second doctor told me I was on it too long: if you experience any loss of balance or coordination on these drugs, even if you don 't feel bad, you need to see a doctor.
I can 't wait until tomorrow. I took my last Avelox today and unfortunately it took me this long to figure out it was making me feel so sick. Nervous, shaky, nauseous and my whole body is fatigued. I can 't concentrate on my work and feel dizzy. 
Avandia had some side effects with me that the doctors thought was cancer. They insisted it could not be the medicine but after over a year of multiple scans biopsies and bone marrow tests, I chose to quit taking the medicine on my own. My blood sugar skyrocketed but my immune system started working again. I haven 't had to go to the hospital since. 
Stopped my period after the first pack and then after a month after not taking anything. Never experienced that with other birth control pills. Not going to take them again. The doctor no nothing about the pills they prescribed. Disappointed.
After two weeks, increase in blood sugar by 50 and back pain from day one, I will finish this month and see.
Weight gain!! increased my hunger and affect the metabolism! Need to eat often and was not myself on it!
The pain in my legs from the hips to the knee was excruciating. I thought I had bone cancer. This lasted for 2.5 weeks even after I stopped taking the med. Walking was almost impossible even with pain meds.
I tryed this for the first time last night and OMG the pain. Soon as I layed down in bed it felt like a million bugs eating away at my vagina .it burned and itched so bad I could not get to sleep with the heartbeat in my vagina it was not pleasent . My vagina felt like it wanted to push out the cream .the YI was not as painful as the cream that I put in me .so the morning is here and the cream is just messy its coming out and its in the toliet everytime I pee. So far I don 't have the itching I had yesterday before the cream so I 'm hoping tonight with the 2nd round want feel like the  first round .but if it does its going in the trash.I think it will cure a YI if you can stand the burning hell you will put your vajjay through.
Why I stopped taking this medicine:1) didn 't increase my sexual desires/thoughts2) within 30-45 minutes of taking it, I would feel extremely drowsy for the 1-2 weeks, to where I couldn 't hardly function. If I was sitting I would fall asleep where I sat. Hubby would wake me up to go to bed and I would feel out of it like I was drunk3) While it acted like a sleeping pill for me shortly after I took it, I would always wake up between 4-5 hours after taking it and be up the rest of then night. This lasted the first 2-3 weeks.4) the straw that broke the camels back is around week 3-4 I would get so upset/angry over the smallest issues, I felt more like the Hulk more than anything.
Remember, this is just my personal experience. Everyone is different. I got the Mirena inserted on August 1st. I got it removed today (September 12). I have heavily bled every day for the past month. If it weren 't for my husband coming home for two weeks next month, I might have kept it for a bit longer to see if it stopped. Other than that, it was fine. No other symptoms and insertion wasn 't bad at all. Just a little cramping afterward.
I learned to live happy in a depressive low. Lamictal, or lomotrogene messed that up. I 'm very conscious of my emotions as a lot of people who have bipolar and choose not to take medication. So I know my aggression triggers, I know my anger sometimes comes on and I just want to argue. I know when I am manic. I know when I am sad and having suicidal thoughts. That 10 years no mood stabilizers, depressed the whole time but able to manage it as the disease This drug now it could have been the combo of lomotrugene and clonazepam. My brain began to fight itself I turned into a destructive manic with into a week I was trying to leave my gf and child, for a past ex delusional thoughts she was still in love with me. 
Following major jaw surgery, wires and screws were to be removed from my upper jaw, extending all the way to my eye sockets. I arrived at the center, was asked to sit in a dental chair, and had both arms strapped down. I wondered about that.Then, versed was administered. Off to neverland? Never. When I awoke, thinking it was all over, the doctor was quite upset with me. I had unknowingly become agitated and combative and he was unable to begin.Versed didn 't work for me. I was very embarrassed to hear how the drug caused me to behave.
This drug, like so many countless victims before me, has so effectively degraded my quality of life that I simply lack words to describe how important it is to be cautious before consumption of this deadly poison. I had a simple UTI at the age of 17; two weeks later my head began to throb and tingle. My hands were in so much unexplainable pain. I had never experienced anything like this at all  before in my life. Also, I had just recently triumphed over a five year battle with anorexia, going from 76 lbs to 105lbs - looking forward to a healthy future. Now, I experience this nonstop, chronic pain all over my body. I am only 18. Definitely a 0.5 out of 10, to be quite honest with you lot.
This is my first birth control pill I 've tried and the first night taking this and I woke up with severe nausea and have been in the bathroom vomiting on and off for 4 hours now. Hopefully  the nausea will go away and the vomiting will subside so the pill can do its job.
I was given a single dose of Nucynta for pain after hip replacement surgery.  The side effects were just weird, a feeling of being disconnected from my body and mental confusion.  I was also nauseous with vomiting.  I never had this effect with Demerol, Percocet or Valium.  Maybe I was allergic to it.
This about the 4th time they have tried me on Statins... after a week on Zocor, have severe backaches, muscles aches, and pains in my wrists where I previously had carpel tunnel surgery. I have been on it about a week. I will stop it, since I trust my bodies response to these medicines. If you experience problems with any medicine don 't keep taking it without telling your doctor.
I 've taken Fanapt for about a month and it feels as though I 'm taking nothing for my mental illness. Plus I 'm achy all over, have heart palpitations and feel agitated all the time. I 'm going back to zyprexa
I had a back spasm. The pain went on for almost two weeks. I got a prescription for Skelaxin. It did nothing for me. Taking 800mg of ibuprofen did a better job.
I took this about 3 years ago for a massive mental breakdown I was having panic attacks multiple times a day I couldn 't get out of bed I couldn 't leave the house I couldn 't eat I couldn 't do anything I was prescribed this and ativan and eventually after probably a month of horrid horrible experience I started to come out of my anxiety depression all of it I came off of the drug probably a couple months later and was completely fine for about 2 years with just normal anxiety that I could manage. I tried it again a couple weeks ago for the same reason and it was hell was suicidal within the first 3 days in every side effect I can think of I discontinued immediately now looking for something else 
I had mild rosacea when I started using metrocream 0.75%. It made me break out extremely badly all over my cheeks and nose. I think it clogged my pores, making the redness and Rosacea much worse. Very disappointed in the setback it gave me.
I hated lexapro I tried it twice with 20mg and had to stop taking it, Every time I took it I threw up a lot, I felt horrible I felt like a zombie, I also had mild hallucinations that were not fun and rapid heartbeat it was just awful.
Few weeks ago I took Prednisone for 5 days. I have pretty bad case of Tennis elbow ( can 't open a can, comb my hair, turn door knob, tie my shoes....). I took 50 mg first day, 40 mg second day, etc.Only thing I can tell is I had hard time sleep for first two days of treatment. Other than that it was like taking placebo. Absolutely no difference, still in pain.I am surprised and puzzled.
My vagina is worse now than the night before!! I have used monistat plenty of times, I decided to use this and I wish I never did, I woke up at 6 am after putting in the cream the night before and it 's so swollen, red, and itchy down there I can 't even close my legs it hurts so bad!! Never again!
Coughing worse after taking
Dear God, grant me the strength to get through this... I REALLY regret not just going to see an OBGYN or something. I 've never had anything itch so terrible in my life. I think many of the girls are in pain simply because of the itch magnitude. &quot;Some irritation &amp; itchiness DURING insertion&quot; is like false advertising of side effects. More like, this shit will make your brain tingle &amp; you won 't know what the hell to do with yourself after all the stuff starts bursting out. I thought the insertion itself would be the worst part; I was wrong-it 's the easiest. Fifteen minutes later I 'm catching my breath at times at how badly this stings/itches. Never. Ever. Again. Put it in before bed, now it 's 3 AM, I 'm wide awake.
Have an infected tooth was prescribed 600mg ibuprofen alternating with tylenol every 6 hrs (3pm take one type 6pm take the other sort of thing) and T3s with Codeine for over night to help me sleep. Took 1 t3 at 1pm and I 'm wide awake at 2am in agony from the pain and waiting for my next ibuprofen to kick in. T3S are crap!!!
I 've had it for 2 years and it 's about to get removed! I have about 2 periods a month, I 'm always tired, the cramping in one side is excruciating 
I am so upset that this new medicine did not work for me. I must have had an adverse/allergic reaction to it because I only took it for two days and I woke up with sore calf muscles, the worst stiff neck, really bad muscle pain, and a horrible sore throat. I did experience insomnia both nights as well. I called my doctor on the third day and was instructed to stop taking it right away. I thought this was going to be my miracle drug, I 'm tired of all the different medicines and crazy side effects. I 'm glad that it is working for others, hopefully I will find relief soon.
I started this BC after going to the doctor and having serious periods that came every two weeks almost and cramps that were out of this world.  I am now on my second week of the third pack, so been on for about two months and a week and I haven 't stopped bleeding/spotting for about seven weeks.  I am constantly having to buy tampons and pads but for the past two weeks it hasn 't stopped.  Called my doctor and was told I needed to stick with it cause it take three months to get in the system before it starts working like it supposed to.  The only thing this has done is keep me from breaking out.  I have gained around ten pounds and hoping to not gain anymore.  Not sure if I would recommend this to anyone.
I 've had kyleena inserted for only two months and I 've experienced a lot of the bad side effects, including fatigue (feeling sleepy constantly and lack energy), weight gain, cravings, anxiety and depression. Before kyleena I was very healthy and mostly emotionally grounded. I am in my early 30s and I have previously used pills before but did not work well for me due to the level of hormones. When I went in for a consultation, I was told that the level of hormone in Kyleena is significantly less. I have been getting acnes as well as depressive thoughts. Not recommended
It 's my first time taking birth control decided to go with the shot I did a lil research and wished I saw this sooner..about 95% of the women who tried this shot had terrible experiences ..I 've started depo about a month ago and everything was fine..I am now in my 2nd month and received my first period I have been bleeding for almost a week my cycle is normally 6 days so I figured it is normal but after reading these reviews im a lil scared and have decided to discontinue the shot hopefully I do not have the horrible experience that most of these women had 
Hi I used the HEB brand Miconazole 1  egg, with itch cream and wipes less than  15 minutes of insertion and me laying down to go to sleep my lady parts were on fire. I removed the remains of the egg and washed as much as the medication away. I have used a similar product in the past and not had this happen... 
Was given this for pain, had bad shaking, very anxious and irratable. Also dizzy and nauseated.
Many horrible side effects made taking it impossible.
I 'm 18 and I started the depo shot on March 1, 2016. The shot was wonderful all the way up to May. What they say is true. The first two months were great, but now I 've been heavily bleeding for 2 1/2 weeks. Because I suffer from migraines, I can 't take &quot;normal&quot; birth control. The progestin ones only. So I was only offered 3 options: the depo shot, pills that caused me to have 3 periods in one month, or a foreign object in my arm. I 'm totally done with birth control which  sucks. I want to have a baby sometime in my life, so I don 't want the decisions I make now to affect my fertility in the upcoming years. I would NOT recommend the depo shot. The negatives HEAVILY outweigh the goods.
It didn 't work, I was up to 40mg daily and felt literally nothing. Ever since I had my son I have had panic attacks and bad anxiety so I went to the doctor and was prescribed Prozac. I was so disappointed. I almost feel more depressed now.
Picked up lice staying at a friends house in North Carolina. She didn 't tell me her daughter was having trouble with lice every 4 months before I visited or else I would have stayed at a hotel. Anyway, I have tried just about every over the counter product and nothing worked. Read all the directions &amp; followed the directions exactly. Then I tried home remedies. Nothing worked. I bought Sklice at $150.with insurance. It doesn 't work. I applied it to dry hair, used the entire tube, worked it in, all hair covered, left it on 10 min. as directed, washed it out and combed out the bugs and nits. The next day, I still have live lice. It 's now 2 days later and basically it didn 't work. It did kill some but not all.Now what? Such a nightmare.
I was having stress issues dealing with family and work issues. I was prescribed Celexa 20mg and about an hour after the 3rd dose I began to have severe anxiety attacks. My heart was pounding and I had to run outside, feeling claustrophobic and severely depressed. I was told to stop the drug immediately but it still took 72 hours for the side effects to go away. I had anxiety attacks several times a day, loss of appetite and depression during that time. I realize this was a rare reaction, but my message is to be prepared when you take something like this.
Wow been taking Monistat off and on for years with no side effects.  This time taking Monistat 1 was a nightmare.  Like the other posters on this site, I had insane burning and pain; never anything like that before.  I was up for hours before I followed the advice of a poster here and took a pain relief medicine and benedryl, and left a ice pack on the area for quite awhile.  Next day, it 's still burning but the drugs are still in my system so it 's manageable,  they CLEARLY changed the formula and omitted to tell us.  This should be removed from the market!
I can 't wait until tomorrow. I took my last Avelox today and unfortunately it took me this long to figure out it was making me feel so sick. Nervous, shaky, nauseous and my whole body is fatigued. I can 't concentrate on my work and feel dizzy. 
I am 21 years old and my son is now five months old. I started taking Jolivette at the beginning of February. I have experienced abnormal, heavy bleeding that seems like it never ends, feels like I 've bled more than I haven 't bled. The bleeding will stop for two to three days then return and last for about two weeks. I have also been feeling more angry and stressed than ever since I started taking this birth control. I am switching to a different birth control as soon as possible because Jolivette is making life miserable, and the way I am running through boxes of tampons and pads is ridiculous and draining the wallet.
After 3 days of 5 mg, I 'd had enough of this RX. Being knocked out during the day for 1-4 hours, but only sleeping in 2 hour increments at night, with violent/disturbing dreams, even waking with auditory hallucinations. The nausea wasn 't extreme, but the overabundance of gas build up was too much for me. My depression only worsened because of the sleep deprivation.
I was prescribed Lastacaft for severe eye allergies. They did a good job at first, but after about a week my eyes became red, swollen and irritated again. After going back to my doctor and telling her that the Lastacaft didn 't seem to be effective for me any longer, she prescribed Bepreve. This worked fabulously and I had been using it religiously until I unexpectedly ran out of it early. I had some of the Lastacaft left, and since I wasn 't having severe allergies at the time I figured using it would hold me over until I could get the Bepreve refilled. I used it once and woke up the next morning looking like I had conjunctivitis in both eyes - awful. I can only surmise that I 'm either allergic or highly sensitive to Lastacaft.
I 'm currently on this pill and it is making me lightheaded, extremely nauseous, fatigued, Shakey, sensitive to light and sound, and having trouble breathing, cant eat or drink anything without being completely sick, heart pounding, and diarrhea. Not fun at all.
Roxicet are not effective especially after taking them for a while no matter how many you take.A waste of your money if you are buying them.
I took this birth control for two months. I have a very regular periods each month, which are naturally heavy and painful cramps. Since the pill my periods were a bit lighter. I did have light cramps but not as bad like normal. I was only happy with that part. My mood swings were ridiculous, I am normally a happy person and chill. Since the pill I would cry about every single thing (I am not a crying type of person) the smallest things would make me so angry it was scary I could not control my anger at all. I had no sex drive what so ever, my head/eyes would bother me often, I became depressed and completely unhappy with life. I could not stand the way it made me feel so I no longer take it.
I 'm 22 years-old and switched from the Depo to Skyla about 4 months ago. The pain was awful, I had false labor pains for about two days. Once the false labor pain stopped, I had to be rushed to the hospital due to abdominal cramping so intense that I could barely move. I was then told that the hormones being released was &quot;irritating&quot; the cyst on my ovaries. A few months later (last week to be exact) the same issue happened again. I went to a different hospital where they said that I developed a kidney infection. I have had a series of problems with this since it was inserted including UTI daily, massive cramping, blood in my stool (recently since the kidney infection), painful sex, and even lost interest in sex.
Face has become very red, itchy, dry and sore. Skin looks worse!
I 've taken exactly 4 pills and I will not take one more ... no fever or chills but I have a rash all over my body. I have never been allergic to anything in my life and now this rash is horrible back legs arms stomach. It 's itchy and just plain annoying! Also my urine had cleared up before taking these pills now it 's back to a very dark color. I am not taking another pill , as for my UTI I will try some parsley tea  and see where that gets me
So I 've had this since the end of January 2015 its now almost September. I 've literally had 2 periods however the spotting hasn 't stopped yet. I 'm not pregnant but thats because I can 't have sex. The doctor keeps telling me its normal but me and my man are so frustrated sexually and emotionally. Thinking if having it removed. My doctor assured me that it would stop my period and spotting but its been nothing but hell....
I was instructed to take this as needed for anxiety, however, it never helped. Which surprised my providers. I went through multiple doses before I was finally able to stop it and switch to a much more effective medication.
Belsomra didn 't do anything for my insomnia.  I was so hopeful because Ambien was causing me to lose my short-term memory.  But Belsomra turned out to be unhelpful.
I liked the implant because I normally have horrible side effects from birth control pills. I had no changes in mood or side effects except for one. I would not stop bleeding. I fluctuated between heavy and light flow but it never stopped. I had it in for a year... never stopped. If it weren 't for this horrible side effect, I would have loved it.
HOLY MOLY! just like everyone else I read these reviews . After I inserted this I felt like it burst into flames.  It started with mild itching/burning but as I read these experiences it hit me full force like a furnace. I will eat yogurt FOREVER and garlic everyday if it will keep me away from this product. I laughed at myself the entire time I was writhing in pain! Reading these definitely helped and momma didn 't raise a quitter but I 'm going to have to walk away from this product and just make an appointment with the doc.
I started Contrave on a Sunday.  That Tuesday, I woke up with a weird sensation.  I felt like I was going to pass out.  I felt my heart beating really fast, and we pulled out our blood pressure machine.  It was 200/160!  So, off the hospital I went.  Went to ER, and they did all the tests, and it came back clean.  Doctor felt it was the Contrave, but told me to keep on it as my body was adjusting.  When I started my second week I noticed my anxiety attacks returning.  One night, they were so bad, that I had to utilize my back up medication to help me.  After that issue, I decided to get off the medication.  I 'm not saying it 's a bad drug.  However, the effects I experienced greatly outweighed the potential benefit I might receive.
My experience has been horrible I 've had it in for 5 months and haven 't stoppedâ€‹ bleeding I wouldn 't recommend anyone to ever get the mirena and the cramps hurt so bad in my stomach and in my back
The absolute WORST medicine I 've ever taken. I haven 't seen a single good review on this, and now I 'm wishing I would have read these sooner. Every single one of them is true, there 's a reason this is rated 2/10. I wouldn 't have given it a 1 if it gave me a choice for 0. I was seeing double for weeks, and thinking that it may have just been that my eye doctor didn 't shape my contact right, sure enough, it was this awful birth control. I had 3 periods or &quot;break though bleeding&quot; 3 times and I was only on my second week of the second month. I gained 15 lbs in that short amount of time &amp; after researching it, I stopped taking it immediately, 2 days ago &amp; my eye sight went back to normal almost immediately. I 've already lost 5 lbs in two days.
This was my first BC as well, after being on this pill for 3 months my periods were more painful. I also noticed my sex drive went down as well as my energy. It 's pretty normal about a week before my period I would have breast pain. But my breasts would be painful for 3 weeks or more before my period. I finally went the IUD route and am loving it. I have noticed how much happier I am! I would highly recommend anyone to not use this medication.
I took 4 doses and was rushed to ER this morning with chest pain. They treated me as if I was having a heart attack. I am admitted and tests are being run. Everything is pointing to this new drug I took. Also had dry mouth and confusion. Could hardly speak.
At the beginning, Rexulti really, REALLY lifted my MDD (along with 60 mg Prozac a day).  Lots more energy, smiling and laughing a lot more, back to enjoying life again, wanting to go back to my knitting and gardening and much more!!  And my NP gets so many samples from the drug reps that she said she could keep me in Rexulti for free long-term!However, it &quot;pooped out&quot; after just 3 weeks...so the NP upped my dose to 2 mg.  But that made me really weak, tired and lethargic.  So she told me to go back down to 1 mg.  Neither of those doses did/is doing ANYTHING for my Depression. Please pray with me that I 'll find a med that works---the next med change will be my 6th attempt after long-term use of generic Prozac by itself. Been on it 6 wks.
I have had chronic insomnia since about age 16, so approximately 15 years now.  I 've run the gamete from herbal supplements, OTC, antidepressants, anticonvulsants, hypnotics, sedatives, etc.  Literally, there hasn 't been one I 've yet to try.  Tried it at 5mg to ensure no next day drowsiness.  Absolutely 0 sleep...in fact, felt wired.  Tried again at 10mg, same experience. Tried at 15mg, couldn 't fall asleep for 8 hours, but then did for about 2 and it was time to get up for work which was like zombie mode.  I 'm kind of glad this one didn 't work out for me, as WITH insurance, it would 've cost me over $300, and the savings card with it only dropped it down to $90/month!  If you are going to try it, print out the free 10 day trial!
I had the birth control in my arm for 3 months, I took it our cause I was bleeding constantly. My doctor said I should switched to the pill. I took it for about 3months, I always got my period almost on the same day, I usually had it for more than 5days! I was a healthy 19 year old, I ended up having a stroke while pregnant. I was 7 weeks pregnant ,I lost my balance , I can 't walk well, doctors have no explanation for it besides taking the pill. I 'm in rehab trying to walk, please don 't take this!
Abilify is not for everyone. I experienced severe personality change within a month. The story:  I have had bipolar disorder since I was 13 and have been in treatment for 9 years. When Abilify came out, we tried Abilify to &quot;bridge&quot; getting me off atypical antipsychotics and onto a mood stabilizer. The 20 day experience was horrible. My personality changed radically. I didn 't know myself anymore. Friends, my lover, my boss, all begged me to stop. I felt weird on it, not better. Severe personality changes are possible with Abilify. I called my psych, we stopped the medicine and moved onward. Those 20 days were destructive, but my friends &amp; job were kind and life returned to normal.
Took 150mg/d. Everything was fantastic, then started constant fatigue, I was very drowsy. I thought it 's winter here everyone is fatigued, but  I felt that this is from Effexor XR, So I slowly weaned myself and I 'm no longer fatigued. Can focus on studying, now I take zoloft 100mg.
I have also tried just about everything, both Lunesta and Ambien did nothing at a low dose and at the higher dose caused me to sleep eat. When my physician offered me Belsomra I gave it a shot. This medication did nothing. I didn 't feel sleepy I so could have operated heavy machinery. We upped the dose and it still didn 't make me sleepy, but it made me mean!  Angry,  for no reason I never felt sedated just mad at the world after 2 weeks I stopped taking it. Totally  disappointed this drug has worked for some but not me. I also had funny dreams which was strange.
After being on Androgel for about a year and not feeling better I decided to switch to Testopel. Got my first implants of 10 pellets of Testopel 7 days ago and I still have the low testosterone symptoms.
They say no taste, but made me gag every time I took it.  Don 't know the benefits cause I couldn 't stay on it long enough.
I was on minocycline for about 3 years for acne. It controlled the acne great. Then one day out of the blue various joints were extremely swollen; maybe two of my knuckles, one of my toes, and my knees. I could hardly walk it hurt so bad. The next day that swelling would be gone but other joints would be swollen and stiff. I tried the process of elimination, cutting certain foods out of my diet, various vitamins. I went to the doctor and they were baffled. I finally stopped taking the minocycline. In 24 hours swelling went down. 2 weeks later I took one pill, within an hour my joints swelled. I 'd developed an allergy to it.
I only used this drug once because I had such a negative experience. I was prescribed this to prevent migraines and headaches, I took my dose at night. It immediately made me drowsy which I didn 't mind because I also have severe insomnia, but when I woke up I was still drowsy and continued to be throughout the day. I was also the hungriest I have ever been in my life and I had a headache. It took 2-3 weeks to fix my appetite after taking this drug only once.
I 've been on Livalo for 9 mos increasing the dose from 2 mg to 4 mg every other day with no side effects then due to poor LDL test (140) my MD switched me to 4 mg every day after 45 days I now have extreme diarrhea, stomach pain overall weakness and feel like I 'm depressed And in a fog, sexual desire has waned as well - I 'm stopping the meds. I 'm 55 yrs old I work out 4 x a week lift weights etc triglycerides have always been low (55) and HDL (76) high without meds, only LDL was 170.
I ended up in the hospital with a very serious allergic reaction to Efudex. Started with nausea and diarrhea, went into hives, swelling in my lips, mouth, all over my body. I have been out of the hospital for a week my voice is still hoarse, I still have a rash not feeling well at all. I 'm on Prednisone to counteract the allergic reaction.
I have been using NuvaRing for 2 months. I have been very emotional, have bad anxiety, shaking of hands and whole body, very nauseous all the time. I don 't think this is a good birth control option for me at all. When I used birth control pills I never experienced anything like this. It may be good for others but not for me.
I started taking Wellbutrin for my depression, and it was the first medication that I have tried. The first week and a half or so was uneventful and I barely felt any change. After that, things went downhill. I began having major mood swings - I would go from being happy and energetic one minute to so depressed I would break down crying and couldn 't even motivate myself to do anything to being angry and agitated for no apparent reason. I also began to &quot;space out&quot; at random times, myself or my friends and family would catch me staring at the floor for minutes at a time. I also had a sort of out of body experience where I lost my sense of self and felt depersonalized for about 15 seconds. I ended up stopping the drug after just under a month.
I first took it in 1984 as part of the study.  It was so, so, didn 't work sufficiently and the epileptologist took me off of it for fear of kidney stones impacting a teenager.  When having major problems with Onfi and having tried 25+ meds over the past 41+ years I thought I 'd see if Zonegran was improved.  A physician at Georgetown University in DC failed, like FDA, to proved information stating that the med can make a person who has had trauma and/or brain surgery go into orbit.  It controlled seizures a few months, made me do impulsive things like request retirement from a position paying over $104k/year.  It made me hostile, nervous, go nuts, and elevated my Dilantin level, caused gingival hyperplasia so my teeth are painful and ruined.
At first I really thought the Lupron treatments where worth it, but now that I have made a trip to the Emergency Room. Well lets just say if you are going to go the route of Lupron you better be single.  This drug takes its toll on the family, not just you. Everyone goes throw the mood swings, headaches, blood pressure scares, joint pain, feeling like you are going to pass out. So no taking your kids to school or sporting events. No joining car pools. Don 't get to far away from the restroom, urinating more often is not unusual. The things that are the easiest to handle are the hot flashes, night sweats and chills.
Although this medication did decrease my daughters absence seizures, if she took this at any time 30 min before or after eating, she had a severe reaction.  Her throat would burn inside and out, her face would flush, she would get dizzy and unable to focus. This would last about 5-10 min. and then she would get so tired, she would instantly fall asleep and sleep for hours.  She was at a pretty high dose during this time 1050mg 2x daily.  We finally stopped this medication, because of the stress of having to watch so closely when she ate and when she could take this medication.
I was on a different birth control before this and decided to try something new. This birth control has caused me to get worse cramps than when I was on my last birth control. I have a heavier flow and I actually also ended up getting a migraine which actually never happened when I was on the old birth control. I would recommend this if this  is going to be the first pill you&rsquo;ll be on.
I started taken lyrica for trigger spots(burning painful hot spots through out my back) plus lower back pain. I began taking 150mg 2x a day. It was wonderful, no more daily nagging pain. However, the side affects started to out weigh the pain relief. I had to start taking a water pills because of the water retention, my memory&amp; cognitive thinking were really effected. On three separate occasions, I was sent home from work because I was so drowsy I kept falling asleep. I was staggering, slurring my speech. My supervisor thought I had been drinking. It was very embarassing. If I did not have all these side effects, I would 've stayed on these meds but it was getting out of control-my weight has sky rocketed also. I 'm weening off.Pain is back.
Zyprexa was prescribed to me in my early 20s after a manic episode.  I took it for a year and was a complete zombie. I remember noting from that period apart from sleeping all day and raiding the cupboard at night. I gained 30% of my body weight or 6Olbs and it took me two years to lose it. 
I was on this medicine at first 200mg a day then 400mg. I turned into a completely different person. I 'm normally a happy, positive &amp; outgoing young woman. On Zonisamide I became extremely irritable &amp; depressed. I flipped out over the littlest thing. I also lost a lot of weight because my appetite essentially disappeared. I weighed about 135lbs when I started and dropped to 113lbs. I finally had enough when the depression kicked in. I would have suicidal thoughts multiple times a day. It was scary and debilitating! I cried a lot, for no good reason. My performance at work and my relationships were suffering so I called my Dr. and switched to Lamictal.
I can 't sleep, I am talking to fast and my heart feels like its going to fly out of my chest at anytime. They were trying to slow it down and all they did was speed it up.
I have been a satisfied Afrin loyalist for years, but as of today will no longer be able to say the same because the bottles are now outfitted with what appear to be new child protection safety caps, AND THEY ARE IMPOSSIBLE TO OPEN. Impossible. After removing the disposable outer plastic seal (not new), I and another perfectly able adult tried and tried to turn and remove the nozzle cap, without success. Meaning, this new design isn 't just a minor hindrance or annoyance; we were NEVER able to open and use the product. It will have to be returned for refund. Disappointing!
Have had migraine since 15. Tried everything including this medication over the past 18 years and nothing ever helped. This is just one of the meds that made my migraines worse which sometimes I thought was impossible. Started Botox for chronic migraine in March and it 's amazing!
Other than random bouts of high blood pressure, I was a very healthy normal relatively active person. This medicine lowered my bp the first few days, felt relaxed and sleepy. I felt more thirsty, increased urination, burning urination for a few days. Then I noticed constipation and my bp spiking back up. Ringing in my ears. Week 3- depression and irrational emotions. I was not myself at all.  I had a total body ache, fever of 100.8 which sent me home from work. When I went to an urgent care center the on the 2nd day of fever, sweating and chills and painful lymph nodes, my bp was just as high as the day I started the drug. My exam found nothing except blood in my urine. zero infections. I felt absolutely horrible. I quit the drug.
Horrible!l! I 'm 36 and have NEVER been like this. I stared at a razor blade for 10-15 minutes before I realized what was going on. I called my doc as soon as they were open. I was a zombie. I was crying for zero reason, this drug did the exact opposite of what it 's supposed to do.
I wish I could rate it -100. I have always had anxiety and depression, and it 's worsened everything . Plus, it 's made me break out more and has made my periods spotty rather than regular. I know everyone 's body handles things differently, but if you have existing mental health conditions I would especially suggest staying away from this medicine.
I will add it to the list of items called  things I 'm allergic to. My wife had to stop the car for me to throw up beside the road. 
Forced onto this medication via a CTO. Delusions are still strong and troublesome. Doctors have no idea how to treat this condition. Side effects include insomnia, anxiety, constantly feeling sick and have therefore lost weight. This medication is completely ineffective and it is easier to live with the delusions without the negative side effects.
I was just diagnosed with PCOS. Well I asked the doctor what I could do to stop the bleeding. She put me on this. I just started my second month.  I 've been bleeding for about 1.5-2 weeks. Its heavier than its even been. I 'm going through ultra tampons every 3 hours.
Was prescribed econozale nitrate cream for suspected skin fungus. Used once and it gave me hives. Boo! I 've never had hives and I 'm 45. Seems like a good cream, just not for me.
DO NOT USE!!!!!!!!GYN does not believe in prescribing Diflucan so he said try Monistat 3 day I said I rather take my 1 pill but he said try that 1st I went to the store embarrassingly grabbed the cream got ready for bed inserted the cream literally 2 minutes later I looked around like WTF it itched and burned down there I cried my husband did not know what to do I came to this forum looking for solutions I kept seeing all you can do is scratch and cry so I seen one post where she said she took a bath and I soaked in the tub it took away the burning a little but the itch was still there I rather not even had taken it if it was going To feel like that I took a sleeping pill so I wouldn 't cry all night told my doctor he called in my Diflucan
I took Ambien and it didn 't do anything at all.
Awful. Sent me high as a kite, chaotic, impulsive &amp; suicidal. It was being administered without mood stabilisers though and at a high dose.
I used suprep prior to colonoscopy on 2/23/16. The taste was allright, but for the next 12 hoursthe cramping was unbearable.Unable to sleep, wanted to die. Talk to your Dr. about this. Forme, this prep was enough to make up my mind to never have another colonoscopy.
really isnt very affective on my shoulder pain
I 've been on Latuda going on two months now and it 's just not working. I 'm still depressed crying all the time, and have even been violent towards my boyfriend. Also very angry. The side effects are very bad for me since I don 't have an appetite. But I was dealing with it. I tried and nothing. Desperately have to try something else.
Just started my 6th pack and honestly I wish I didn 't. On my 5th pack I started to experience break through bleeding, brown discharge, for about 5 days. It would then clear up I would be good to go for another week, and then again brown discharge. It happened 4 times on my last pack. So, I 'm on my 6th pack now. The discharge cleared up last Tuesday, it 's now Monday and it 's happening again. SO UNHAPPY WITH THIS. I have went through a 50 pack of tampons in 1 month.. NOT IMPRESSED.I 'm also experiencing mood swings as well. One week I 'm good to go happy as can be, next week I 'm angry and sad. So, I 'm going to my doctors tomorrow to try something else. This break through bleeding is really starting to suck, not only for me but my bf too
My periods have been getting very heavy as I 've been getting older (just turned 40). I was told to start the pack on The Sunday I started my period, so was on my 3rd day. Every day since then I 've been bleeding various amounts, and some days have had mild cramps. Hoping by the second trial pack this stops. 1 week of heavy period is better than everyday of the month bleeding. My libido is lower, but not sure if that 's the medicine or the fact I 'm bleeding daily :(
This pill is terrible. I started taking it because the pharmacy ran out of my normal pill which was Microgestin (which I LOVED). I have never had a problem with acne and I woke up yesterday with 3 pimples on my chin and some on my back. I also have terrible back pain. So bad to where I can not stand or walk and it even hurts when I lay down or sit. Do not take this pill.
I have many friends with fabulous Mirena experiences however mine has not been 1 of them. This is my second attempt of a Mirena. The first time I had 1 inserted was after my 3rd child. Yes, insertion is quite painful, nothing compared to childbirth though. After riding out 4 months of spotting, my periods completely ceased and I was so happy. After a year however, I started feeling completely nauseous and had pain every time I had sex, so had it removed. Now 5 years and 2 kids later, I decided to give it another go. I have had this Mirena in for around 8 weeks and have gained 3 kilos (my weight is usually very stable). I have constant mood swings and fear I am struggling to be a nice mum to my kids. I am awful to my husband. It has to go.
Awful, to say the least. Don 't even consider this if you have anything more than a headache, and even that won 't be tolerable after taking a few of these.
I was diagnosed with cluster headaches 5 years ago,I have them everyday, I take 480mg of verapamil daily, oxygen, Maxalt wafer, Aspalgen, oxygen, morphine injections.  Nothing is helping me so far, my dr is now trialling me on Topamax. I hope this works. My heart goes out to us all that live with this condition. You are not alone.
The active ingredient is slightly soluble in cold water. Rinse the areas you applied the cream with cold water and a non anti-bacterial soap. This was the only thing along with taking pain medicine and an ice pack that helped. See more about the main active ingredient below:MSDS for Miconazole nitrate - ScienceLab
I started taking Orsythia about four months ago. This was my first experience on birth control, so I was incredibly apprehensive about the side-effect, namely: migraines, birth control, and  mood swings. The first two months, everything went so smooth.  These last two months I have been shocked with the adverse effects I 've experienced. I have had issues with water-weight gain, which fluctuates between 3 and 5 pounds, and nausea. But, the biggest issue I have found with this medication would be the anxiety and depression. At first, I chalked it up to stress. However, people around me noticed that I have not been myself. I 've felt edgy, irritable, overwhelmed, confused, and sensitive. I 'm finishing this month, then switching to a new pill.
I took this medicine for two days then got this massive headache or migraine. My shoulders and neck hurt and my temples hurt to even touch them. My eyes hurt to move them and I had vomiting with it. I stopped taking it &amp; went on something else.
Tried Cialis because the side effects from Levitra were unbearable and any improvement in my erection was far out weighed by the side effects.When I have tried Cialis I have suffered debilitating headaches for 24hours...never even got to sex on it. Seems I really can 't tolerate this class of medicines.
My wife took this medicine for two days only, just 9 days ago, and we 're not sure she 's going live another week.  She stopped it after the 2nd dose because she got severe stomach pain and low back ache.  The last 4 days she has barely had enough strength to get out of bed to use the bathroom.  She has a difficult time breathing, is coughing way too much, has diarrhea, no appetite, headache, dry mouth.  Her symptoms now look like congestive heart failure. No one should have to go through this with a drug that 's supposed to help, not kill you.
After trying Zoloft, Effexor and Lexapro, we tried Cymbalta.  The worst experience I have ever had with a drug to treat my MDD.  I was on it for ONE NIGHT. Literally, just one night. I took it that night and woke up about 6am the next morning or thoughts of cutting off my hand. I heard a voice in my head telling me my hand was bad. Telling me that I needed to cut it off. I stuck my hand under my pillow, and laid there staring at the wall. I hoped the voices would go away. I eventually fell back asleep. Later that day I took the medicine to my psychiatrist and left it on her desk. I told her, &quot;here you take this crazy making drug&quot;. I 'm depressed, but not crazy.
Worse drug ever!! Was depressed and more sick :(
I have been feeling very bad for the last 3 weeks.  I even went to the ER.  I have had high BP, constant headache, shortness of breath, chest pains, rapid heartbeat and buzzing in my ears.  It has not helped my bladder issues. Worst of all, none of the doctors I have seen, figured that out. Even after asking what all my medications are.  When they kept telling me all was well, except for mildly high BP. So, each time I left feeling like I was going crazy or a hypochondriac. Then I started thinking, what drug have I started taking most recently.   I looked it up and surprise......there were all my symptoms. Well, I have stopped taking this drug and will not recommend it to anyone......
Horrible. I got it in at the end of March this year, the bleeding began two weeks after I got it in and I bled for 7 months. My doctor suggested I try things like taking diclofenac for a week and it didn 't help one bit. I bled lightly at first and as it progressed it made me bleed heavier and heavier. Didn 't go ONE day without bleeding, had to use tampons and liners for 7 months straight. Also made me break out more, only upside was weight loss. My doctors also suggested I use birth control pills to see if it would stop the bleeding but I had had enough! If you enjoy not bleeding and being able to engage in any kind of sexual activity DO NOT get the nexplanon!!!!
It is good to hear that Pristiq has helped a lot of people, unfortunately it did not work out for me. I felt okay in the beginning, but after 2 months on 100mg I started to feel irritable, nauseated, extremely tired and had the most disturbing dreams. I will have to find something else.
Hi Everyone,My doctor recommended 24-hours Breo to replace my Adaviar 250/50. In the first 4 days of taking Breo, I experienced most of the side affects of Breo (fever, chest infection, cough, mouth pain, excessive discharge, runny nose, sore throat, headache, back pain). I stopped taking Breo and went back to Advair. Will wait and see when the medication is improved.Thanks, Raed
I got Paragard for a more effective, long lasting birth control. I didn 't want to worry about missing a pill when I was taking birth control. I had Paragard placed June 16, 2017, and today, September 19, 2017, I found out I 'm 5 weeks pregnant with my first pregnancy. I 'm 22 and haven 't planned on having kids for years--hence a birth control that 's *supposed* to be effective for 10 years. Yet Paragard failed me after less than three months. Needless to say, I do not recommend it to anyone.
It has made me extremely nauseous. I can 't stop throwing up. So far it hasn 't helped with cramps or acne. My period hasn 't went off since I started it and I start the placebo pills in 3 days. Will be consulting my doctor to switch once this pack is done.
Got this shot as a recommendation from my dr to stop the bleeding I had when my IUD didn 't stick. It stopped the bleeding for a month then came back slow bleeding for half a month then full on heavy bleeding with large blood clots for now 2 months. I was soaking though a purple 10 hour pad in and hour sometimes 30 minutes. I lost so much blood I was admitted to the hospital and received 4 blood transfusions. When released from the hospital they said nothing on how to stop the bleeding or if it would stop. I 've been out of the hospital a week and I 'm still losing so much blood. I can 't even go to work because whether I 'm sitting or standing I go though two 10 hour pads and an adult diaper in an hour.
Thins and discolors the skin. Also can cause glaucoma if you get it in your eyes.!!!
Took my first 25 mg Briviact pill yesterday morning. Felt fine. Took another 25 mg last night, without problems. So glad to find a good med, finally! Took it again this morning, and I felt ok. Then about 2.5 hours before time to take it again, it was a completely different story  I was nervous, irritable, agitated, want to scream my head off, tense, feeling like the incredible Hulk is going to explode out of my body, want to cry, don 't talk to me, don 't touch me, don 't look at me, don 't breathe my direction, eyes darting back and forth, and serious drug withdrawal kind of feeling!!! NO!!! I WILL NOT BE TAKING MY NEXT DOSE!!!
I had implanon for three years prior to this nexplanon. I had no issues with implanon at all. I was period free for three years with no side effects. Now the problem with nexplanon: I have horrible cramping and pain that lasts up to a week sometimes. It seems to be every other week now. It interferes with work and my home life as we all know pain can make us miserable and cranky. I went to the doctor she said it was this and just my normal period (Minus bleeding) I 've had periods for over 15 years and never had periods this painful! The pain is so bad that regular over the counter pain killers don 't touch it and I refuse to take anything stronger. The health risks from over the counter pain killers are bad enough. My only option? Removal
I 've been on antidepressants since the age of 12.  I 'm 53 now.  I also have fibromyalgia.  I was on Cymbalta.  Due to cost my doc gave me a sample pack of Viibryd.  2 days and I 'm in incredible fibro pain, along with severe diarrhea. Not good on my hemorrhoids.  Not sure I 'll stay on this one.
After two months of taking this medicine I suddenly developed a terrible oily, metallic taste in my mouth.  It is constant and dampens the taste of all foods and drinks. After I eat I have a greasy feeling on my tongue.  I stopped taking the medicine because of the side effects.  I didn 't realize before how common this side effect is or I would not have taken this medicine.  I hope my sense of taste returns quickly.  I feel like I poisoned myself.
I am 25 years old with no kids. I got the Paraguard inserted 3 days ago and it has been the worse pain I have ever felt. The procedure only lasted for about 5 minutes so it was quick, however; the after pain has been nonstop. I have not been able to leave my couch for 3 days. I am just rating the insertion process. I feel like the doctor did not prepare me because I had no idea I would have this much pain. This weekend I had a wedding and many family plans that I had to cancel. I am taking 6 ibuprofen a day and when I stand up I feel like someone is stabbing me with a knife. I had a bowel movement and I literally felt like I was going to die. If it doesn 't go away in a week I will have to remove to be able to work.
I 'm 19yrs old and have been ill for 6 years but only officially diagnosed less than 1 year ago. Due to my age DRs would even even consider MS. I 've been on Rebif 4 months, along with 2 infusions of solumedrol and I am going downhill fast. I fall daily, go blind and deaf and lose use of limbs few a times a week. I had to drop out of college due to cognitive issues when I had been a 4.0 student. Rebif has not helped. I struggle to walk, talk, think or even do basic things like eat. I feel Rebif should 've helped by now. My mom has a $150 copay that Rebif pays so that 's a plus. I have an apt with new MS specialist soon and will ask for new med. I 'm not waiting for the &quot;6month&quot; trial period.
I got the nexplanon in October of this year and it made me evil. Like my moods were the worst. I would get so mean, I was hateful. My boyfriend couldn 't stand to be around me. He had left for work for 3 weeks and I cried my eyes out, got super depressed. My anxiety hit sky high. So when my boyfriend came back I went and got it removed. I was on my period for 3 weeks. My gyno forced me to get it and treated me like a child when I wanted it removed. They thought it was a stupid decision. But since it 's been out I 've been better. Do NOT get the nexplanon implant. It 's awful.
The only reason I found this website is because I noticed all the side effects I was having from this birth control and wanted to know how others felt. I had been thinking something was wrong or I was just depressed or something but now it all makes sense. I have gained SO MUCH WEIGHT its ridiculous and I hardly eat anything yet it makes me want food all the time. It puts me in the WORST mood and makes me tired. 
I took this medicine for a year and just switched. I had many negative symptoms that started with severe nausea every night about an hour after taking it. For the first three months my periods got lighter for a few months and then went back to heavy I did always get my period on the exact day I was supposed to but throughout the whole year was VERY emotional and at time felt as though I had no control over myself this was my main pushing factor to switching I WANT ME BACK! I just want to say that I understand (and hope others do too) that my body acts differently to birth control than others and just want to let everyone know that not all medicines work for everyone if this does not work the way you want, try something new. BE HAPPY!
This drug is awful.  I finished 7 days of it and I still have side effects.  It sure makes people so much sicker. Not sure why its being prescribed.... Never had so many side effects on any med.  The gut issues seem to be the worst     I tell everyone not to take it.  Must be better drugs somewhere
I 'm 18 and I 've had 4 Depo shots. So many things in my body and personality have changed and I have just today realized that it 's all because of this shot. I have had horrible stomach pains almost every day sometimes multiple times a day, sometimes coming with diarrhea. Also I 've had no sex drive, mood swings, terrible anxiety, and depression. I am never getting this shot again, any other form of birth control would be better then this one. Do NOT try the Depo shot.
I 've had this implant for 3 years and am having it removed on Wednesday this week. Since having it inserted I 've experienced prolonged and irregular bleeding (the longest being a 12 week solid period). It has had a huge effect on me as a person and has at times put considerable strain on my relationship (thank God I have a hugely understanding and patient partner) I 've had mixed reviews from friends and I think its just.
Horrible, horrible, horrible. Spotted for several months and headaches galore. Had to take two pills per day just to stop spotting, and even then - no luck. I called my doctor who switched me to Loestrin which is much better.  DON 'T take this - just awful.
In the beginning I thought this form of birth control was great. I didn 't have mood swings and didn 't have a period. After using this for a while I gained about 20-30 lbs and had the hardest time losing it. 
Third and last day on Otezla. Took fourth 10mg pill at 6:30am with breakfast. Slight headache, no nausea, no depression. Not feeling myself. I had to make a conscious effort not to  'zone out ' all  day. BP is up. Had disturbing dreams last night and woke up with pain in hands, ankles, and back. Every plaque is itching like crazy.I have stopped taking this drug.
I was on the Depo shot the first 3 months were great. Loved it well I went in to get my second shot and they gave it to me in the stomach. I bled for three months STRAIGHT.I lgot contact dermatitis in my vaginal opening and soreness from the tampons. I wasn 't dry just irritated down there. Well I couldn 't take it anymore and my hormones were crazy. My boyfriend and I started dating in the mix of all this. Everything was fine for the first two months. So while I was on the depo my GYNO put me on a progesterone tablet to stop the bleeding, which worked. I ran out of those and started bleeding again. She put me in LOLO worse mistake of my life the bleeding has stopped but I have been awful. Mean dryness and irritation. 4 months In I 'm done!
Last summer I was prescribed lexapro under the name Liberium for my anxiety and depression. I was told to take 10mg once a day, but to ween myself onto it by taking half a pill a day for a week or two. Most of my time on Lexapro was blurry; I couldn 't remember a lot. People around me could tell that I wasn 't right. I stumbled a lot, slurred my words, and generally felt very irritable. My anxiety was through the roof but I had absolutely no depression. When coming down from the med, about 3 hours before the next dose, I literally couldn 't move. Coming off of the med one day gave me a panic attack and what was diagnosed as a pseudo-seizure: non epileptic seizing while remaining completely conscious. I was taken away by force by ambulance.
It was horrible. The headaches were never ending and It made me so hungry! Ive been off if it for 2 months now. Just got an the Liletta IUD put in last month and its seriously like night and day. I 'm so happy I got off the pill. I 'm not crazy hungry anymore and my headaches are gone!
This birth control was terrible! Yes, it protected against pregnancy, but the side effects were awful. I had ridiculous mood swings and became very depressed. I am usually a very happy person, so I knew it had to be this medication.
I 'd love to say this med was good for me. I can 't. I 've never had such an awful response to a medication. After 1 week of being on it I began to experience odd sensations. My arms felt disconnected, I couldn 't get comfortable.  At the 2 week mark I had to leave work two days in a row, customers were terrifying me, my pulse was 180!  By this time my anxiety slowly shot up so high I was paralyzed. I couldn 't walk across the room. I literally was stuck in a chair. Everything was extremely terrifying. Just sitting I was afraid to move. Once I saw my dr, found out I had suffered a severe panic attack that sent me into an anxiety attack for TWO weeks!  I was ill for six months. Read the pamphlet with the drug , it lists SEVERE ANXIETY!
I took this medication hoping it would stop my periods as it claims. It 's supposed to be a generic of Lybrel. I took it for 8 months, never stopped my period. In fact, I had spotting and bleeding everyday. I also became emotional and moody.
I experienced a 6 pound weight in two days of fasting while taking this prep. It contains too much sodium for me. Today is one day after my colonoscopy and my stomach is still very distended, hard and I am severely constipated.
I found Ritalin increased my alertness and concentration. I rate Ritalin 2/10 as I find it increased my depression, from which point I stopped taking. Unsure whether the Ritalin interacted negatively with my usual small dose antidepressant Cymbalta or if increased depression is an unreported side effect.
Besides the high cost, the effectiveness of this medication is diminished, due to the side effects. I started on this medication for nine days and stopped. Constipation was the primary side effect almost at the first day, the worst I ever had, in addition to abdominal pain, slight headache and bloating. My Doctor did warn me about the side effects.
My legs and lower back were in pain for 2 days.
I suffer from Bipolar with depression.  I had been on Trintellix (along with a mood stabilizer) to treat depression for approximately 7 months.  My moods had been stable for that long.  Then I had some added stress though and had severe depression... worst I have ever had.  This ended with me being hospitalized and taken off Trintellix.My thoughts are it worked good for short-term for me, but not long term.  So take this medication with caution &amp; if depression gets worse then seek help immediately.
So today I started Augmentin &amp; I&rsquo;m 18... so after I took it, I felt light headed &amp; very nauseous. Like so nauseous I was burping a lot. I haven&rsquo;t made a Bowel movement since I&rsquo;ve taken it so I don&rsquo;t know for I have diarrhea.? And my stomach just HURTS. Should I stop taking it?
It 's like being extremely hung over eveyday.  Clouded head, no energy, diarrhea and dehydrated.   Not fun at all.  I guess I 'll be manic.  Tremors like you 've been on a 3 day bender.  Anxiety levels are high.  They were right when they said it doesn 't work for everyone.   Hope you have a better experience than me.
Well it worked to prevent pregnancy because there was no way I could have become pregnant when I couldn 't even have sex since I basically had my period for a month!  In addition I had the pleasure of getting severe cystic acne that I haven 't been able to get under control.  The cramps that accompanied my period were terrible. I 'm going back on loestrin24.
Horrible side effects immediately. Could not finish a sentence, felt drunk and tired. 
Worst experience of my life!! I am so sorry I took it!!! I started out feeling great, more energy, then about 7 weeks in developed cardiac issues, had to wear a heart monitor. Developed dangerously high blood pressure, and became bed bound. I am now 10 weeks off of it, and am still feeling awful. I feel as though the life in me has been sucked out. I go for my SVR 12 in two weeks, however the results do not even matter to me, I just want my life back, my health back, this drug was horrible. 
I was only on the NuvaRing for 30 hours. Within a few hours of insertion I was felling lightheaded. I didn 't think anything of it until I woke up multiple times throughout the night feeling like I was on fire and sweating profusely. The next morning I was unable to go to work due to vomiting, jittery and feeling overall sickly. It became worse throughout the day. It came to the point I was hardly able to function that my mother called the doctor who advised to remove the device immediately that my body was rejecting it. I wasn 't even on the NuvaRing for birth control reasons, it was to help regulate periods.
After 4 weeks PICC line daily I needed Gallbladder removal. I was supposed to do 8 weeks treatment. I ended up stopping at 4. Never completed treatment. I never felt better I felt terrible everyday I was sick vomiting, headache, body aches, weak. But most of that is normal other than vomiting and gallbladder. It was also a little inconvenient. But no Lyme is great. I never feel good at all I 'm in a wheelchair now I 'm not well anymore I don 't know that I 'll be well until I get remission and lot of physical therapy between now and then.
I was on Zoloft for Depression, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and Panic Disorder. Initially, Zoloft helped me a lot and I didn 't have any kind of panic attacks, a constant sense of mild anxiety, or depression all that bad. However, after about a year of being on it it started to make me feel like a complete zombie. I had zero motivation for anything which reflected in my grades and I 'm normally an obsessive overachiever in school.. I just kind of let myself go. I wasn 't depressed but I wasn 't happy, it just put me in this fog-like feeling. The withdraw for me felt like I might as well have been coming off heroin. I couldn 't eat or sleep, I had cold sweats, nausea/vomiting, and I had anxiety like never before. It was truly a nightmare.
I 've been taking 30 mg of Actos per day for 3 years. In that time I have gained 55 lbs and I have had problems with my feet, ankles and lower legs swelling. I would have stopped taking this medication a long time ago but I was blaming the water retention and weight gain on menopause. Now that I stopped taking Actos I lost 4 lbs in 2 days.
My son began this drug at 13 and stopped growing around the same time. His endocrinologist wanted to give him growth hormone. I took him off this crap and his levels went to normal. do not take as a kid.
I have Bipolar Disorder with rapid cycling, mixed states, but mostly depression and severe anxiety.  After several years of trial and error I take the following:  Seroquel XR 600mg at night, Klonopin 1mg 3 times daily, Adderall 40mg twice daily, Lamictal 200mg twice daily,  and switched from Effexor XR 300mg daily to the new antidepressant Brintellix. I 've had the Lamictal titrated up to 400mg a day for last 3 years. I don 't think it does anything, good or bad. It 's I 've never noticed any effect of any kind. I keep taking it because I trust my doctor and it 's cheap.
A man must have invented this because a woman surely wouldn 't do this to other females.  Omg, the itching and burning is terrible.
I have had bleeding for over a month now and I have never had an abnormal cycle.  Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo is the way to go.  If it 's the &quot;same&quot;, why am I experiencing different symptoms?The bigger problem ladies is why can 't women choose which birth control pill they want to ingest at a reasonable cost? Why is Ortho now $60 under our plans especially when we are experiencing such horrific side effects.It costs the insurer more in the long run because I now have to call the gyno, go in for a check, an ultrasound etc due to abnormal bleeding versus simply giving us a choice.
After having some issues with what could be classified as PMDD, I went on a search for ways to help alleviate the mood swings I got every month around the time of Aunt Flows visit. After googling around, Yaz was the number one remedy that I found, so I went to Planned Parenthood, got a prescription, and tried it out for a month. Let 's just say my PMDD went away... but I was in crying fits and had really bad anxiety for about 80% of the month. Nothing new has come up for me that would cause those issues, and it is very abnormal for me to cry that much and have uncontrollable anxiety. In short, this drug made me a crazier and depressed. It sucked! I 've been off of it for two days and I 'm finally feeling better. Nope! Not for me.
It took care of the nausea but the hallucinations that came with it were a very unwelcome side effect. 
I recently went up to 10mg once a day of norvasc. Still does NOT help BPI have other medical conditions so I am not sure what side effects are from what conditions and other Meds. What I do know, is now i have crazy swelling in my hands legs and feet. It got so bad in my feet I could barely walk anymore. Even though it 's not listed as a side effect I it feels like my whole body is swollenI am done with norvasc forever.
I have a urinary tract infection and was prescribed this medication along with phenazo, which takes the burn out of urination. They warned me that Macrobid might cause slight stomach upset but I threw up four times in a row last night and feel nauseous all the time (regardless of how much I eat).I had a UTI a few years ago and was prescribed a pill that caused no stomach upset. Why are they prescribing macrobid now?
I was on celexa for about 3 months, started with 10 mg. and raised up to 20 when I felt no changes. After going up to 20, i felt constantly tired, drowsy and like a walking zombie. My anxiety and depression only got worse, it caused me to have thoughts of suicide and self harm and I just felt worse overall. My experience on celexa was terrible and I would not recomend this drug at all.
I have had the iud 2 times. The first time I had no problems very little cramping, very light to no bleeding. I went in 2012 after my son was born to get it again, and this time it was horrible. I had a lot more pain when inserted. I went back into for a checkup with my doctor to make sure it was in place, and he couldnt see it or feel the strings. So he told me that my body rejected it. So I thought he meant it fell out. I ended up going to the pill, and happen to be pregnant with my 3rd child. In 2015 I went to a chiropractor and had an xray done, and low and behold the iud was still in me. Looked like it was inside the uterus too. Now I am having to face the possibility of having surgery to get it out. My 3rd child was early and in nicu
My cough was worse after taking these, dry continuous cough after taking them.OTC was much better. Waste of time and money.
Been taking these due to 2 back surgeries within a 9 month period. Doesn 't really help with my muscle spasms.
Took Naturethroid successfully for 3 years, 32mcg/day. Developed Hashimotos with a small thyroid nodule. Increased dosage by 16.25 mg 2x/ week. Dr did not do a follow-up check on serum T3 levels.  Toxicity after only 6 months - weak, lung tightness - faint, developed food allergies very quickly. Scary experience which has lingering effects 1 month later. Switched Tirosint which has no fillers &amp;T4 only. Working ok so far.
It didn 't help depression or low grade chronic pain AT ALL. I had better depression relief from Celexa and Wellbutrin.But the biggest reason I caution against cymbalta is because of the extreme withdrawal symtoms I experienced. I followed the doctor-recommended protocol to wean off. Weaning seems to mean prolonging misery. The nausea and dizziness I have endured for the last 5+ weeks with no end in sight is debilitating.I urge you to please research your options thoroughly before even trying cymbalta.
I had a non-stop period 3 months ago. The Doctor prescribed Jolivette to let my period stop but after 6 days my bleeding doesn 't stop at all. It 's annoying because you can feel the gushing of blood. Until I asked my Doctor to switch it into another pill.
Sprintec gave me yeast infection, constant bleeding and loss of appetite, as well as sex drive. I haven 't had a yeast infection in over ten years so I know it was the Sprintec because I got the infection after first 2 weeks of using it. I have used Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo in the past with very little side effects. I thought would be the same as Ortho. I am definitely switching back even if it costs more. 
My doctor gave me samples for a pulled muscle under my right breast; glad I did not have to pay for them because they 've done nothing for me!
Was prescribed this Toujeo insulin pen, caused vision lost.  Stopped use vision was restored.
I was diagnosed with BV and took this medicine PERFECTLY for 5 days. After the first day I got severe, crippling anxiety attacks which are very uncommon for me. I also had an upset stomach, cramps, and diarrhea for a week. The symptoms of BV never cleared up. I started my period after day 5 of medicine and after that, I was back to square one. It did not work at all for any of the symptoms, except the smell of the discharge was less bad, so that 's why I gave it a two instead of a one. Still trying to find a medicine that helps me! This is so frustrating.
Got severe side-effect from taking Boniva (150mg monthly) for 3 months. Crippling, debilitating bone-joint pain at the hip. Very stiff sensation at the chest sternum and ribs. Went to Urgent Care twice. Flat on bed for 2 months with intense pain and prescribed pain killers (hydrocodone/Dilaudid, prednisone, etc.) have no effect. Discontinue taking Boniva and the pain subsides after three months. Three doctors don 't believe it is the Boniva side effect until the fourth MD specialist, a rheumatologist recognizes the Boniva side effect symptoms after a long differential diagnostic (she also has two previous patients with similar symptoms after taking Boniva).  
Zapped my sex life. Stopped erections and ejaculation. Stopped any sensation from sex. Tried ED pills to counteract but didn 't work. Am going to my doctor to get off these pills. Been taking for about 4 months. Should have never started these garbage pills.
I was prescribed this for a touch of asthma and bad allergic rhinitis. I took one half (5mgs). The next morning I felt nauseous and dizzy.  Later on I developed a low grade fever chills and stomach pain got worse. It was the worse nausea I have had since I used to drink alcohol but without any relief.I do have gastritis in my stomach which could have contributed to my pain. Be careful if you have stomach issues!
Did not worl
I spent over a hundred pounds on this lamisil I tried cream then spray then lamisil once and it just came back,useless go to your doc get something stronger don 't waste money on this.
The next day after taking it, I began to have twitching in my hands and fingers, dizzy, could not walk a straight line and was extremely tired, sleeping 20 hours (I usually sleep 6 hours). After being taken off, after 3 days, most of my strength has returned, still a bit lightheaded. Apparently these effects affect 2% who take the medicine.  
I hate this med. it is super cruel and I don 't recommend it to ANYONE. I have been taking it for a few months, and it hasn 't helped much with my headaches. The side effects are brutal. I have no appetite, and I am basically forcing myself to eat. I 've almost passed out 5 times this week from not eating enough, and lost 30 pounds thanks to it. It also causes severe gum irritation which SUCKS with braces, and it makes you really foggy and hard to concentrate. I will say Qudexy helps with seizures, but nothing else.
I got my nexplanon put in November 21,2013. I absolutly hate it. when I first got it I didn 't bleed for about a week, then it started. I have a period everyday since I 've had maybe once a month it will stop. I was 105 lbs when I got it and now I am almost 200. I hate having to buy pads and tampons every week because of bleeding so much. I 'm really hoping that I can find something else that won 't make me bleed everyday. I took the pills and it made me moody really bad. It might work on some people but to others it makes them feel terrible.
I 've been prescribed seraquel now for roughly a year and the side effects are soooooo nasty I wouldn 't recommend it at all,the main thing that attacks me relentlessly is the tickles under the skin in the legs and I 'm probably keeping the neighbors awake cos Iv gotta keep stretching my legs and wriggling in bed to calm down the relentless torment that comes back maybe every 5/10 seconds for roughly 5/8hrs most nights,I 've also got to the point where it feels like I 'm going to swallow my tongue for hours on end and I wander if I 'm gonna be alive the next day as well,I get to the point where I 'm nearly asleep and self resuscitate with a jolt of adrenaline in my heart and a deep breath like I nearly drowned and nearly have a heart attack,it 's NASTY
I 've only been on this pill for two weeks. I have chills where it feels like I have a fever - dizziness - severe migraines - neck pain - constant hunger - 10lb weight gain - confusion - nausea - ear aches - fatigue - stomach pain - anxiety - weakness - no sex drive. I mean the list goes on and on! This pill is awful. Stopping it today. The side effects are just not worth it!
I never actually got to see if this medication helped with my depression because I had such a bad reaction to it I threw up so much from it I don 't think any of it actually got into my system. The side effects on this were the worst I 've ever felt on an antidepressant.
Anyone that typed a good review for this product was paid by the company.  I have now tried this product twice and I can now say that it DOES NOT WORK.  It actually has side effects that are not listed:  coughing, irritability, MORE drainage, completely stopped up nostril.  Use at your own risk.  Don 't say I didn 't warn you.
Been on latuda for 6 weeks and seen no  improvement with my depression. Still have suicidal thoughts and zero energy.
This birth control is TERRIBLE!!! It increased my mood swings, made me feel as if I was on my cycle for about a week and a half (which only lasts normally 5 days), decreased my sex drive, caused me to discharge a lot, and caused a drastic weight gain (at least 15lbs)...only gave it 2/10 because I didn 't get pregnant...
If I could give this negative rating, I would. To not waste your time, just suck it up, go to the doctor and get the oral capsule I have a high pain tolerance, and this was a HORRIFYING experience. I inserted the egg thing, and nothing happened yet, because it 's just chilling in the canal of your vagina. Then I used the lotion for the burning and itching. If you enjoy the idea of setting fire to your vagina and it swelling  a crazy amount then try  the lotion. If you want relief, then put NOTHING that has anything to do with monistat on your body or in it.  Trust me. Good luck.
Cleared up the infection but caused dizziness, nausea, insomnia, and headaches.
I had shot 3 months ago and have pain in leg, shoulder, toes and fingers.  I have flu like symptoms off and on.  This is a horrible drug and I will not be taking it again.
Started taking Reclipsen three months ago and it was horrible. It brought on anxiety and intense mood swings along with depression, I 'm finally getting off of it but do not buy this if you already have anxiety!
Took 2 tablets at 9PM, went to sleep at midnight and woke up in excruciating pain at 3am! The times now is  3:50AM and I 'm writhing in pain, shaking and feeling like I 'm going to vomit. I rushed to the toilet thinking I was going to have a bm only to find I didn 't  it was only gas. I 'm never using these again. I hope this cramping pain and terrible nausea will subside soon as I can 't sleep.
I have had M.S. before 2000 and they diagnosed me in 2000. I have tried all the other therapies and all of them had the really bad side effects but Tysabri it is the most relaxing drug you can take. I got a little nauseated at first but then it has disappeared with time. You don 't even know it is working. I was considered a quadriplegic and now I can get around my home without lifts or anybody jerking or pulling on me. It is a great thing Tysabri. I just wish that everyone could benefit from it like me. Thank you.
First time didn 't make me sleep and I felt nausea  and dopey all the next day. A tried it months later one night and got severe head aches and didn 't make me sleep.
I 'm uninsured, so I had to switch from a pill brand that I know works for me (Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo) to an affordable generic one. My doctor put me on this to treat constant bleeding and, well, they aren 't working. I 'm still bleeding just the same as when I wasn 't taking anything. Also, since I started on Sprintec, I 've been feeling a bit of nausea. It 's not horrible and I 'm not vomiting, but it just plain does not work for me to stop abnormal uterine bleeding.
I was put on this birth control because my pharmacy had a hard time finding microgestin. No big deal. I read the reviews and I was so nervous but I still gave it a shot. I was on this pill for a month. It caused me to be extremely moody and tired all the time. My sex drive was low/nonexistent. Then when it came time for my period, it was barely there, which was alarming. When wiped with toilet paper there was a little blood, but nothing ever came out. It was the days I was expecting my period, so I assume it was just a weird period but I 'm not sure.
I have been taking Neurontin now for 2 years for nerve pain associated with paralysis if my right leg. I now take 300mg 3 times a day and honestly don 't think it does anything at all. I also take 30mg of morphine 3 times a day not to mention a handful of muscle relaxers as needed. If you truly have pain the only thing that works is oxycontin combined with morphine. My advice is to take care of your body and 2 stay off of 4 wheelers that run over 100mph because when you crash you will brake and end up with a crappy life like mine.
I had a horrible experience with Excedrin Migraine. Shortly after taking it, my heart started racing super fast, I got extremely anxious, and my body started shaking. Like other people are saying, if you are sensitive to caffeine do not take this medicine. It didn 't take my migraine away either so it 's not worth it at all.
The third dose I took affected me very negatively as I broke out in hives and looked like I had a bad sunburn and I was scratching like crazy. 
Worst drug i 've ever been on. My sugars went from a controlled 120 to over 350 in a matter or weeks. Invokana was giving me severe yeast infections so I asked for a change. Now i don 't have YI but this medication doesn 't do anything to lower my sugar. If anything it makes my sugar higher. Seeing my doctor Thursday to switch back or to something else.
was experiencing extreme and intense itching for almost a week straight. my period came and I was fine after. I still went to the gyno and she said there was still a little discharge so she tested it. didn 't get a call back but magically there was a prescription ready for my at my local pharmacy. I took one pill and literally the next day the intense itching was back! it 's unbearable I super can 't live like this. 
Yes, I only use this for birth control and has done it 's job well (no kids), but I have gotten horrible headaches. I 'm definitely moody, irritable and anxious. Switching to Loestrin. Hopefully it will be a better fit. Was on Yaz before but it messed up my gallbladder.
I took Pristiq for one day. It was the most distressing experience ever. For about 48 hours, had blurry vision, jumpy eyes, dizziness, sweating, and kept changing moods every 5 minutes. First was crying, then felt high and was starring into space. Have taken Lexapro before and never felt anything remotely close to this horrible. This medicine was not for me.
My 11-month old is on day 2 of this medication (3 doses of 2.5ml a day) and he developed a rash on his stomach and back. I 'm taking him off.
I went on this pill to regulate my period and reduce the days of my cycle.  Before I was averaging about 5 days on my period but it was never regular.  I 'm finishing my 2nd month on this pill and so far my 2 periods lasted between 8-10 days.  It is much lighter (like spotting) but lasts forever.  My last period came a week early too.This pill has not caused any weight gain or emotional mood swings and it did keep my skin clear and I 'm not pregnant, but those are the only positive things about this pill.  I will be calling my Dr. for another recommendation.
Worst medication i have ever taken to me i would rather eat rat poision the sideeffects are really long and brutal i have been taking 10mg for over 14 weeks and feel like im a drugged up zombie Depersonalization Spinning feeling lightheaded and also always off balance really bad restless legs gaggy nausea feeling headaches from hell im trying to see after 4 months if i will adjust
Sleeplessness
Just didn 't work for me. Now day 10 and still sick.  Emergency walk in says it must be viral. I won 't accept this prescription again.
Amlodipine made me unable to concentrate, feel faint, depressed, ache all the time, no energy, constipated, and cannot function normally.
I 've tried 5mg and 10mg.  Hated both,  Woke up in 2 hours, went into kitchen.  I could barely focus my eyes.  Got a bowl of cereal and poured the milk on the counter instead of in the bowl.  Got an egg out of refrigerator and put it in the candy bowl I have out for Halloween.  Made a salad and tried to eat it with my Vuse vapor device.   Ruining it ..had to buy new one.  Tank God my husband was asleep or I 'd be in hospital.  It 's been 10 hrs. since I took it.  Feeling much better now.  NEVER AGAIN BELSOMRA.
I feel so strongly about this drug that I really want to warn other women about taking it.  I am 32 years old and have been on various forms of Birth control since I was 15.  My insurance company switched me to this brand and I didn 't think anything of it because pharmacist reassured me the generic was the same as ortho tricyclin lo which I had been on for years. 5 months after being on this drug I had to go on anti depressants, had crippling anxiety, constant nausea (I lost 15 lbs) and felt terrible. I finally realized the BC may have been cause to mood changes and stopped talking it. I felt completely better in 2 weeks, and even immediately went off the antidepressants. I still feel great. Be wary of this birth control!
I had my annual pap and they found that I had bv (I had no symptoms) so they prescribed me 4 pills (500 mg) to take of metronidazole all at one time. I took the pills on a full stomach and with water. I laied down for a nap, 2 hrs later I woke up with a 101 fever, sore throat. Later that day I had the sweats and chills, colored vaginal discharge which I didn 't have before, and when I ate and drank everything had a weird metal taste to it. I work night shift and never have a problem staying awake, but tonight I could barely keep my eyes open. I just feel out of it all the time. I haven 't talked to my doctor yet about my side effects to this drug, but I 'm thinking I should start a woman 's probiotic.
I started taking previfem about 4 months ago (I 've been on it for about a month) and it was pretty awful. At the beginning my acne got worse and I wanted to eat everything. I actually thought that I was pregnant because of my mood swings and the fact that gained 10 pounds. After the 2nd month my acne totally cleared up but I was still gaining weight, when I went to the Doctor for a check up he noticed I was a bit heavier and thats when I got off it. It also made my face really fat ????
I was given compazine through the IV for nausea and vomiting while admitted. It was an absolute nightmare that still makes me feel pure fear when I think about it. I thought I was going to die. At first, my legs just felt restless which I thought I was just having some anxiety, but then it really hit. I couldn 't get my body to cool down, I started vomiting, then lost control of my bowels in front of the nurses. This lasted over six hours until they finally gave me something that knocked me out until it was over. I thought I was going to die. It scared both my partner who was there and myself to the point that I am now scared to take anymore medications fearing a similar reaction. They should really warn people about this drug.
I did not like this at all! Was put on 5 days of this antibiotic. It worked the first day but my last day taking them the burning and frequent urgency came back. It 's just as bad as when i first started taking them. And I 've been getting crazy headaches! I never get headaches and based on other reviews i believe it 's this medication.
I wanted to wait till I gave it a good try before reviewing. I used it as instructed for a full year. Unfortunately it did nothing for me so I stopped. Absolutely no results on my scalp but increased facial hair, yikes! Also, I experienced nausea which I 'm not 100% sure is related but pretty sure since it stopped when I stopped using the product.
Neurontin made me very hostile. I don 't know if it was because I am also on Lithium, Desyryl and Seroquel but I did not like my mood changes although it did help my pain by about 30 percent.
Worst experience. Insertion took way too long and was SO painful. My doctor had to cauterize me with silver nitrate to stop the bleeding. I was nauseous and dizzy for half an hour after.  They did an ultrasound to be sure it was in place, it was. After a week with horrible cramping and bleeding I went back in for a recheck. Another ultrasound showed it had rotated and was lodged in my uterus. Removed and will NEVER have this IUD again. If I could give zero stars I would.
Ok so I was on the pill at an early age of 16 for PCOS syndrome till about 20 yrs old. I went cold turkey at 20- till 24 and decided to get back on when I got in a serious relationship. It was good the first week or 3. No weight gain, larger breasts, no mood swings...up until the last week of the month. I began have SEVERE anxiety, constant ALL day nausea, and horrible mood swings. I felt so sick everyday and I even went to the hospital. I can honestly say this was the worst experience on birth control I ever had. The stomach sickness and constant hand shaking and anxiety feeling was enough for me to stop this mid packet!
I started this after talking to my doctor about how I was scared to gain weight with an antidepressant (I gained 15 pounds on Zoloft). This medicine made me feel crazy! I took it for 2 weeks, and every day I felt like there was a brick on my eyes/head. I felt like I was going to have a seizure any moment (no I 've never had one, I just felt like I was going to). I was sensitive to light, and couldn 't see when I was driving at night. It was awful!!! I 'm on Prozac now and seem to be doing ok :)
I have taken this medicine once before and it made me have flu like symptoms, diarrhea, terrible taste in my mouth in general feel awful when I am on this. I agree with person above almost worse than having the pain from diverticulitis.  I am also taking Cipro so no dairy products, antacids tablets.  Basically I try to force my self to eat and drink and sleep through the worst of the systems. This is miserable and depressing.  As soon as I can I plan to try to eat the recommended about of Fiber 25-30 grams.  I never want to have diverticulitis again twice in 5 months is to much.  I have 1 more week of meds, feels like a life time. 
Caused severe vomiting, stomach upset, and diarrhea. Unfortunately, I was unable to finish the full course.
After taking the cough syrup, in less then an hour I had such intense cramping in my stomach that I had a hard time walking straight, it was pure torture! Then I had nightmares All Night and didn 't sleep good at all, missed work because of it the next day...the worst part, it made my throat tickle even more then before I took it.
I was on this drug for about 3 weeks. It did not curb my appetite. In fact, I was increasingly hungry and could not stop eating. I gained 10 pounds on it, which I 'm assuming is not how this drug is supposed to work. Once I stopped, my appetite returned to normal; however, now I have 10 pounds to lose in addition to the 30 I initially wanted. I am sure I was a unique case, but I would caution that if you start gaining, stop the drug. I felt like I needed to stay on it because it was so expensive and I didn 't want to waste my money. And, my doctor said to give it time. Well, 10 pounds was enough time.
Worst pill ever. I have never experienced such awful acne as when I was on this pill. I had cysts everywhere and wanted to just cry. I do not ever recommend this to even my worst enemy.
this drug is EVIL!!!! stay away from it.
This is the third week I have been on this pill. Absolutely worst birth control I have ever taken. I have been having really bad pains in my chest like the left side where my heart is. Shortness of breath, pains in my breast, and mind grains on a daily basis. I am stopping this pill as of today. I think I will just use condoms because I not putting my life at risk again.
After about a week of taking this, I woke up n the middle of the night to the most nauseous I 've ever been and broke out in a rash on both of my arms. The following morning I was super dizzy and felt like passing out. Went to the nurse right after and switched to Vienna which is much better so far, except for a little breakthrough bleeding, but I 'd rather have that than what I 've experienced before.
Well, my YI is gone, but I 'm fairly certain that 's because my entire vagina has been burned off. I had no ice pack so I used a bag of frozen veggies and sat with them down there for an hour before the intense &quot;omg, who lit a fire down there&quot; burning ended. Seriously, unless you like feeling like your vagina has been set on fire, do NOT use this product.
I was prescribed this medication yesterday after struggling to sleep when my Ambien became ineffective.  When I took it, I waited 1.5 hours to feel sleepy and I didn 't.  I then took a 2nd pill (30mg total).  After 3 hours time it still hadn 't worked for me.  I was in bed, ready to sleep, no real distractions.  I finally had to take Ambien on top of it and then I felt a bit tired and struggled all night.  Not sure if this is a medication that takes time to work, but it didn 't touch me at all.
I took Aviane for only 10 days but in that time I gained a bit of weight, had severe migraines almost everyday, spotting and severe nausea. I have migraines triggered easily normally but this was ridiculous. I woke up one morning and almost threw up because I constantly felt so sick. On day 11, before I could even take my next pill I started my period very heavily with very painful cramps - I wasn 't supposed to start for another 2 1/2 weeks (this is what I was put on the pill to control). 
I switched to Gianvi about 3 months ago (after taking YAZ for a year). At first everything was okay, but after a few weeks, I felt more and more depressed, tired and hungry - all the time! I cannot motivate myself to do anything, and I am not a depressed kind of person. I also had headaches, high blood pressure and stomach cramps. 
Ladies this is the absolute worse product made for women ever!! I have just put the prefilled applicator in, and I am ON FIRE!!!! this product should be take off the shelf completely! Please ladies, if you value your precious privates, please don 't get this. The amount of itch I am experiencing it 's completely ridiculous! I am sitting in bed crying because I don 't know how to subside the itching and it 's unbearable. Please please do not waste $21 on this product !!!
My GP prescribed this for anxiety and directed that I take it every 8 hours. Now I have dealt with anxiety and severe panic attacks need immediate relief. This medication was not the one to do that for me. It made me very drowsy and at the same time I still had anxiety. This is not for someone who has a busy schedule because it will sedate you. I think this medication should only be used for its initial intent to control itching. Otherwise it was a waste for me.
I almost never experience side effects from medicines Rx or OTC and Trazodone was definitely an exception. When I say it made me dizzy, that is an understatement. I woke up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom with the room spinning so fast I couldn 't grip my night stand tightly enough. When I attempted to make my way to the bathroom (10 feet away) and I fell on the floor twice and nearly off the toilet! I couldn 't see, stand, sit up &ndash; I could hardly even tolerate lying flat without moving at all. And this lasted nearly 10 hours!! 10 hours of pure misery.I 'll take the sleep deprivation over that hell any day.
Took 50 mg in the morning as directed, the day went fine and I was productive but was awake all night.  Didn 't sleep at all and felt jumpy for the first hour or so out of bed.  I 've been on Wellbutrin for years and felt like it might not be helping anymore -- well, after a scary night where I felt like I was on a bad trip -- just make it stop -- I 'm back to Wellbutrin.  If anyone knows a good alternative to Wellbutrin that 's not Effexor or Pristiq, I 'd love to hear about it.
I tried the 25mg dosage for atypical facial pain after being unable to tolerate several other anticonvulsants.  No side effects and it calmed the pain - but the relief only lasted 6 hours at the most per day then the pain returned with increased intensity until the next dose the following day.  One week of that was enough.  The Extended Release (XR) did not work for me but changing to topiramate twice a day has, thus far,  been a significant improvement!
I 've been prescribed tramadol more than once over the years and in my experience it is very ineffective. Ibuprofen and acetominophen both work much better and they both cost a lot less.
Worthless! Dont waste your money.
Mom took it for years and it caused her to have dementia!!  Do not take it long term!!!!!
I am an unusual case in that I started experiencing attacks before I could walk.  I swell more frequently and severely than any other member of my considerably large family.  Unfortunately, Firazyr has provided minimal relief. It has slowed the onset of swelling, but did not stop it all together. That being said, I am grateful for any relief I can get during an attack, so I would encourage everyone to try Firazyr to treat their own episodes.
I had my IUD put in over 3 months ago. About 36 hours after, I went in the sun and immediately broke out in hives! Mostly on my face and they were itchy as hell. I called my gyno and she assured me it was IMPOSSIBLE that the IUD caused the hives. I took Benadryl and they mostly went down. I still get hives every time I 'm exposed to sun/heat. About a month in I started having more &amp; more trouble having a BM which wasn 't the case before the IUD. I drink plenty of water and eat fibrous foods regularly. I 'm CONSTANTLY irritated and emotional, I get acne more than ever, and the constant spotting is becoming annoying. I feel gross, itchy, tired, and bloated every single day and truly don 't even feel like myself. I 'm getting this thing out Thursday
I have been using Kerydin for over a year every day on my toenails. I have seen NO improvement. Very disappointed and would not recommend using thus medication.
I got the implanon about a year ago. I gained about 30 lbs. Turned into a emotional wreck! I never was like this until I started using the implanon as my birth control. I can not lose weight! Everything I eat sticks to me! I can eat 1 meal a day and still not lose. When I first got on the implanon I didn 't have my period for the first couple of months so I thought it was awesome, then I started getting my period for 2. 5 weeks at a time...I am getting this out next week!
Within a few days of starting this birth control I became numb, negative thoughts, anxious, extremely irritable and angry, which is all very unlike me. I couldn 't think straight. I love my boyfriend and we have our issues but I was ready to freak out on him every second for no good reason, the poor guy could tell I was not the same person. I did NOT feel like myself and it was obvious to him not just me. On top of all that I was always hungry and craving terrible foods, no self control like I had before starting. The one positive thing was it helped control my break outs, but my mental health is more important to me than perfect skin.
I 've fought cystic acne since I was 11yrs. old. My face,back,chest,neck and inner thighs. This medicine was no more helpful than the million other topical meds I 've used. The commercials I see for acne products just kill me on T.V. They show somone with one little pimple usually crying about how devastated they are about their skin. Show someone like me and others with REAL problem acne! I 'm 50 years old and still fighting it. I have taken  every oral med on the market, used every soap and cream known to man with minimal results.
I just started my second pack and I have been on my period for the last 3 weeks. At first it was just some spotting. Then turned to a heavy period. I started experiencing moderate acne immediately and my mood swings are through the roof. 
I got the implant in April of this year, and everything was going fine. Yeah I experienced some cramping and bad headaches but I was fine. Until now, my hair is falling out and starting to thin, I have bad chest pains, I get dizzy, nauseous, makes my stomach hurt with everything that I eat, depression, and suicidal thoughts. I 'm getting this thing out. I do not want all of my hair falling out. If this is what I gotta go through just to not get pregnant, sex is out of the question.
Works great for sleep and controls mania well, but caused my depression to increase.  This was after being on the medication for several months (10mg/night).  Didn 't particularly like the next-day hangover either.  I 've recently been switched over to Lithium but it 's too early to tell how it 's working.  I took one Saphris tablet last night per doctor 's request, after being off it for some time (as a sleep aid) but felt hung over and a bit depressed most of the day.
I am on day 3 of this pill and I felt awful the whole time. I constantly feel like I 'm going to throw up after I take it which makes it difficult for me to sleep. I already have some anxiety but this birth control is making it to where I can 't sleep and once I do sleep I can 't stay asleep. I just lay in bed feeling hot, nauseous, and like I 'm going to die. My anxiety is just getting so bad I will probably stop taking this medication.
I went on Aubra to 1. Avoid any accidents with my partner and 2. Try and clear up my acne. I 'd been to dermatologists who prescribed topical creams and oral antibiotics, but nothing helped clear my face. I had it the worst on my chin and forehead, and thought to maybe give BC a try. But after sticking this out for a month I had to stop. I had terrible headaches, dizziness, and was moodier and found myself crying at the slightest things that normally wouldn 't have upset me. And, although I took it to clear up my skin, it actually made my skin worse. I had so many more breakouts on my chin than before. So maybe this wasn 't the right BC for me, but I am also now nervous to give any other BCs a try.
PLEASE DON 'T USE THIS!!! I 'm 18 and went and bought this today I followed instructions correctly....within 3 minutes of inserting it my hoo-ha was hurting so bad. I tried to endure the pain cause I thought that meant it was killing the yeast infection. It got worse and worse to the point where I was wanting to scream. I ran to the shower to try to wash it out nothing helped. I took some Midol hoping it will relieve the pain and I 'm just laying here praying it 'll stop I 'm in tears right now. I wish I would have seen this sooner. Calling my doctor as soon as they open in the morning please don 't put yourself through this much pain.
Everything is worse so much worse this medicine has intensified everything and I have a ton of side effects
I have been on Victoza 1.8 for many years.  Until recent blood work showed everything screwed up.  When I went to my GP he told me the medication is basically killing me.  Its making me lethargic, slowing down my metabolism, I am gaining weight and my body chemistry is dysfunctional.He ordered me to stop Victoza, its been a few days, I am still blah.  Time will tell.
From the start I began to experience side effects. The most bothersome are the extreme sweating episodes followed by chills at least 12 times a day or more. In addition other side effects are more pain in my lower back and hips as well as a rash with associated itch on my upper back.  I will never get another Prolia shot!!! Wish I knew there would be so much discomfort!
I am highly alllergic to internal intake of NSAIDS.  The gel has been tried as an alternative.  I have had bilateral knee replacements and suffer from RSD.  I thought the gel was helping the knees.  However, when I was off of my narcotic protocol fora period of two weeks, I discovered that Voltaren did not work.  I was sad that it did not work because I am seeking a good alternative to narcotics.
Prescribed 1 tablet 3 times a day (200mg tablets) for suspected abscess lower jaw. After just 4 tablets started having weird dreams, palpitations, nausea, severe headache, hot sweats, shivering, blood pressure reached 193/92 could not get out of bed felt so awful didn 't take any more. Still recovering 2 days later
I definitely don 't recommend this pill if you already have anxiety. It made my anxiety attacks much worse. Plus it gave me horrible acne, and I 've never struggled with acne. Everyone reacts differently to BC, but just be aware when you decide to go with this one..
After having seizures back in December, doctor started me on lexapro for depress- made me sweat like crazy, light headed, uh, not function at work, then to zoloft, slightly better, still sweating intensely after first hour, seemed better than lexapro, stuck with it for 3 mos, no real change in depression; incredibly tired all day. Added Wellbutrin to mix, after 3 weeks couldn 't be around any one, a total irritable ahole. Finally had enough, stopped wellbutrin and did extensive research about generics vs name brands. Despite FDA 's approval many people report the generics are not nearly as effective. 3 days off fake wellbutrin, feel slightly better. getting of zoloft next. Perhaps brand names work, but i 'll deal with my depression myself.
I am female and was 16 when I was prescribed Zoloft for my then undiagnosed bipolar disorder 2. Because I am bipolar I didn 't find Zoloft helpful but one side effect I had was terrible nose bleeds. 
This did nothing for the cramping and pain. In fact, I had horrible GI gas and stomach issues while taking it. I thought I had a stomach virus but when I stopped the Pyridium, the stomach distress went away.
I don 't think this drug is working for my depression, because I 'm sleeping more than usual.  
If you are looking to sleep night and day, this is a great sleeping pill, as far as allergies relief none, only very dry mouth and throat. Threw the whole bottle down the toilet
The first day I took this I immediately got a mild headache, this headache lasted the whole time I took it. I have been on it for a week and stopped today. My heart beats hard, I have headaches, acid reflux, body aches, and weight gain. I am thinking maybe it raises my BP instead of lowering it and causing me to hold water. I have been the same weight on an extremely low carb diet which is not normal for me. Works for many, but not me.
I 've had insomnia to varying degrees for about 12 years now (I 'm 30 and the problem started in college) and nothing ever worked reliably for more than a short amount of time. I was recently prescribed Rozerem as I 'd never tried it before. Bad idea. In addition to not sleeping, I woke up feeling extremely out of sorts, fuzzy, depressed, and lethargic. Half-way through the next day I 'm still struggling to focus and my thoughts are disordered at best, on top of feeling totally exhausted. 
Side effects are the worst.. This shot has ruined my life for the past 3 weeks I 've been on it.. I have body tremors,hair loss,headaches,nausea, dizzy,tiredness,weakness and that 's just some.. I have gotten anxiety I dont wanna do anything besides be in my house ive never been this kind of person and its scary... Poison to my body... Do your research ....
I have had only my first 2 shots, my last shot being June 23rd 2017, which was the day I was released from the psych ward, I decided that I wanted to see how I was going to do without the drugs and see how I am, my first shot was the week before, I didn 't even tell them I was hearing voices because I was at awe that I was and wanted to keep that to myself, I believe I was only hearing them for about 4 weeks but I can 't really say, even though I was experiencing many new things mentally, physically and emotionally, even before the voices, I would have rather felt that and heard voices, which I don 't hear anymore than to feel how I am now...literally zero emotions, don 't get pleasure for anything, don 't feel anything I mean anything
I had moderate hormonal breakouts and was prescribed this by my dermatologist. He raved about its effects although it was a &quot;newer&quot; product on the market. He admitted that he was biased because he was a spokesman for this medication (red flag - no celebrity uses proactive and no doc pushes meds unless they 're getting paid for it.) used it for 3 months which he said most patients saw an 85% success rate -  I was not one of those patients. If anytbibf my skin was worse while using aczone. I had more breakouts than ever before and in areas I hadn 't had breakouts in. They were more red and frequent than when I started using aczone. Everyone reacts to mess differently but this was a huge waste of time and money that in the end made my acne worse
I was on this medication for 2 weeks and started noticing abnormal bruising and mid-cycle spotting.  I looked on the paperwork that came from the pharmacy and it listed those symptoms under the &quot;contact your doctor immediately&quot; category.  I spoke to him and he said to stop taking it immediately.  It can mess with your blood cell production in your bone marrow.  Not taking this anymore.  I am one of the unlucky ones that gets side effects so I will stick with something safer for me.   It 's not worth it in my case.
I have used this medication for 8 months, very expensive and doesn 't work. My infected  toenails are exactly the same. FDA approved medication ?????
I took this pill 2 hours later after I had sex .This one don 't work. Now I 'm pregnant.Please Buy the plan B . I used the plan b before it does work.
disfunctional spray cause of fast drying of the inside stuff after using.
I took this medication for about 5-6 years, I eventually had to stop taking it because ironically it made my anxiety horribly worse and it caused the start of my paranoia
Cheap and didn 't even touch the pain. Waste of hope for relief. OTC pain meds worked better than a months supply of this.  You can have it!
I am 22 years old and recently got married.  I am so glad that I waited until after the wedding to start Loestrin.  The side effects have been horrible.  I knew there were some possible negative effects, but I seem to be experiencing them all!  I have gained weight, am extremely tired all the time and cannot ever seem to get enough rest.  Also, I have absolutely NO motivation.  I have lost interest in everything, including my husband!  I have ZERO sex drive.  I am constantly depressed and have severe and uncontrollable mood swings.  
I 'm 27 years old and the mother of two boys. I had the Mirena inserted one and a half years ago. The insertion was fine, mild cramping, but for the last year and a half I have experienced depression, bad acne, weight gain of about ten kilos, mood swings. Six months ago once my periods stopped altogether the symptoms got worse. I began having stomach cramps, nausea on most days, painful breasts and diminished libido and when it was supposed to be that time of the month my abdomen would bloat. I had Mirena removed last week and feel like a new person. I 'm already losing weight and all the other symptoms have vanished.
On tradjenta after being forced off my januvia by my insurance company. Taken for 2 days now, and it seems not to be working. Testing at about 500 two hours after meals, has yet to come down below 250. Going back to doctors in 2 weeks if there is no change.
Alesse is NOT an appropriate birth control choice to help with hormonal acne. One of the main causes of hormonal acne is a rise is androgens (male hormones) which you do NOT need more of if you are experiencing hormonal acne (jawline, chin, cystic). I did not realize that Alesse had added androgens and went on it for just short of a month. Needless to say my face, back and chest area have broken out worse than being off birth control altogether. I am sure this is a great birth control option for some but keep in mind that it is probably not your best bet if your main focus is to decrease your acne. Hope this helps!
I took Macrobid for the second time in 10 yrs told the doctor about how I am allergic to it and he said you will be fine. Took 1 tablet Tuesday night and for the next 5 hrs I was throwing up, passing out and diarrhea all at the same time. This is not for me.
Since getting the implant in I had a few longer periods, and now I haven 't gotten it for a couple months. That has been the only advantage so far for me. I was always skinny, then gained 30  pounds from this. Being in my 20 's I was horrified. I have to get all new clothes because of mine not fitting, and I was so embarrassed to even go out. I 've also never had acne before, and now I 've been having major breakouts constantly. I also have no sex drive anymore, I have no energy, and I have been very depressed which has never happened to me before. I am now getting this removed after 5 months of having it. Overall, I would not recommend this option. But of course, this doesn 't happen to everyone.
I am prone to getting yeast infections and picked this one up out of the blue. And oh my gosh my vagina is BURNING!!!! It has become so much worse than the problem was to begin with!! Took a benadryl after trying to get all of this stuff out and just hoping I 'll sleep!!! UGH!!  Never again how can they even sell this. Don 't buy!!!!
I used paxil many, many years ago when going thru a bad divorce and it worked very well.Then after a few years on this stuff it stopped working.Well here I am over 15 years away from these types of meds, I lost my son and went into a deep depression.Not really wanting to go back on SSRI 's (paxil) I was convinced by my doc to try paxil again. BAD mistake, after using 20 mg for 5 weeks ...nothing!I went bac even worse!This stuff (paxil) is really BAD. I went cold turkey and went thru 7 days of HELL!But now I can finally say I am off of this type of stuff FOREVER ! and I 'm feeling great. I started to look at the good things in my life day by day. This really works.
I was once on the ORTHO EVRA patch which was a dream option for me.This med they call Xulane gives me a HORRIBLE, I mean H O R R I B L E rash, presumably from the adhesive. When you scratch from the uncontrollable itch, you risk micro lacerations that this glue enters your skin and then suddenly the rash turns into a full-blown allergic reaction that is unbearably burning, itching, and even aching. Yes, ACHING. Return the ORTHO EVRA PATCH ASAP!
I have BCC on my upper arm and SCC on upper left hand. Unfortunately after 6wks of treatment twice a day the cream didnt work. So disappointed and im now scheduled to have both surgically removed.
Mobic   Sciatica = Zero Relief
Wasn 't for me. Made me extremely nauseous all day everyday. After the side effects didn 't fade after a week, I stopped taking them.
I took only 1 pill around 3pm due to severe constipation &amp; hard stools caused by pain medications I was on last week. I was fine until around 8pm when I suddenly started having severe stomach cramps. I continued to have these &amp; finally passed some hard stools around 9:30pm, but still am severely bloated with intense stomach pains. It is now nearly 10pm &amp; I am stuck on the toilet with severe stomach pains &amp; hoping to pass more stool as I can see the bloated area moving through my stomach. Do not take this medicine, the pain is not worth it! I am hoping the pains will pass soon, but very scared by other reviews I read of nausea &amp; vomiting.
So far this has been the worst year of my life health wise and I blame it on Nexplanon. I had no side effects for the most part of the year and thought it was great, this then developed into Heavy and long periods that are infrequent and difficult to predict. Migraines, nausea, abdominal pain, mood swings, weakness and insomnia and countless other problems. I am currently awaiting an ultrasound to tell me if I 've developed an ovarian cyst. I would not recommend this to anyone ! Be very wary of the implant.
I have to share my experience. I have developed anxiety over the last few months. Small panic attacks, moody behavior. My Doctor prescribed me the 4 week introduction pack 10mg I must be super sensitive. I took one pill and within an hour I was unable to function. Severe mania, made my anxiety worse. My eyes started to get really sensitive. This is the day after and I am still suffering. 
I 've suffered from chronic migraines since I was a kid and been on Nortriptyline for about a month now. The first two weeks are hard to gauge the effect of it because for the first week I was in a much higher altitude than normal, and the second week was my schools finals. So far very unhappy with the drug as I am still getting 4-5 headaches a week, even during &quot;normal life&quot; with nothing going on. Will be talking to my doctor to see what can be done about it, maybe a different dosage or time taking it will change my opinion. Willing to try anything to reduce headache frequency and severity.
Have taken Armour thyroid for 45 years. Pharmacy switched me to a Acella thyroid np. After a couple of weeks I realized something was wrong. Low energy and just slowed down. Pharmacist insisted that was Armour thyroid! My experience is that acella thyroid is garbage and smells awful too.
Uncomfortable in mouth, does not stick to cheek , little B.Vail packages create a huge amount waste and unwanted attention. Who wants open a wrapper marked clearly , and then stick a film to their cheek that will not stay. Will not dissolve in less than 10 mins. Defiantly better than being a junkie. Not much difference if you have to hide your meds,  you need .  All because of the strange and untoward delivery system really , can 't they just make a pill that dissolves in the lining of the stomach  ????
I had suffer from the below side effects :excess air or gas in the stomach, full feeling,lack or loss of strength,passing gas,sore throat. I stopped taking it.
Natazia made me moody (teary-eyed for no reason), caused me to have periods ranging from 3 days to 14 days, and caused ocular migraines as frequent as 5 days in a row.
I have been using this for one month. I have had severe constipation, been dizzy and my skin is as bad as ever. Not happy.
I was taking Lexapro for years up until 2013 when I was brave enough to try to get off of it.  I successfully got off after a long and gradual dose cutting process.  I 've been doing well until a recent bump in the road that sent me down into a hole.  I went to my doctor and took my first dose yesterday.  Holy hell wagon!  I 've honestly never felt worse in my entire life.  This drug showed me what depressed really means.  My ears were ringing, extremeties felt like they were being electrocuted, lethargic, and a feeling of utter devastation came over me.  All these feelings just came rushing to the surface.  All this guilt I felt about breaking up with my ex.  I reached out to her last night and we might get back together.  Maybe worth it?
Started Metronidazole, and did get some help from my symptoms, but side effects were awful. I thought I would just put up with the fatigue and nausea until treatment was over, but 4 days into it I got very ill and blood pressure dropped very low and I ended up in the ER. Doctors stated it was from the metronidazole, and told me to stop taking it. It 's been about a week and a half, and I 'm first starting to feel better.
I am jealous of all those this drug has helped. I developed issues after taking the first dose but with my doctors encouragement I continued and after the 2nd dose I had a stroke. All test were negative and they hospital sent this company a letter stating they needed to add stroke to their list of side effects. I am back to normal 3 years later and living with the scales and pain from my arthritis.
I was diagnosed with Hep C in 95, but may have had it for many years prior. I was asymptomatic and decided not to do interferon or any of the other treatments after seeing the terrible side effects in people I knew.  When I heard about Horvani and at 61 years of age, I decided it was time. After bloodwork it was determined that with my Hep C type, Solvaldi and Daklinza were what I needed. I felt virtually no side effects and didn 't miss a day of work. After one month my labs showed the disease to be undetectable in my blood. I was overjoyed that the Hep C was gone ( os so I thought). Unfortunately my labs after completion of the 12 weeks showed it had returned. My viral load is now 39.
After 2 months, I haven 't had the slightest improvement.
I was on Lisinopril, along with other drugs, for high bp, for many years, doing well, suddenly developed cough in April 2017.  Cough first treated as allergy, then with antibiotics, no change, then referred to lung specialist.  In the meantime, alerted to side effects of Lisinopril, I requested my GP change medication.  Within a week after giving up Lisinopril, coughing greatly reduced, then within a month, almost completely stopped.  My dr. knew of side effects, why did &quot;I&quot; have to suggest a change?  Absolutely considering further change....of GP.
This is the worst eye drop I have ever experienced.  My eyes are dry, itchy, I want to scratch. Extremely red eyes, very dizzy, blurred vision, pain, constant watering of eyes, burning, very light sensitive, unable to even have house light on, blurred vision after putting drops in.  I have stopped taking it and going back to doctor to try something different.
I started taking Enteragam 8 days ago from December 8th to today December 15th for my  Ulcerative Colitis. The first three days, one packet, after that two packets a day. I have had no symptoms of any kind whatsoever good or bad, and no improvements to my lose stools. I did notice very, almost black stools. I will continue taking it for the next week and see if anything changes.
I have only taken this drug for 2 nights at a dosage of 10 MG.  It has not improved my sleep as of yet. I have just experienced some restless leg syndrome.
I had fairly mild acne, but when I went to the doctors it had been flaring up, and looked quite bacterial. When I first started using it I was happy, as it appeared to clear up my spots in less than a week, but after maybe the third use (I was using it once per night) I noticed my skin was very dry, but was not too worried as this is a known side effect. Unfortunately, the dryness only got worse, even when I used it after moisturiser, and even stopped using it. It got to the point where my skin was so dry and irritated that it was bright red, and I could barely splash water in my face without it stinging. If I used cleanser my face would sting so badly I cried. It took 3 weeks to clear up, and I was left with chemically burnt skin.
After dealing with bad acne, my dr. recommended Yaz. Since I started, I was spotting for days at a time randomly in the middle of my cycle. I read the packaging and it said this was normal for the first 1-3 months. However, 6 months later I am still experiencing spotting, extreme depression and anxiety, lack of motivation, acne, breast tenderness for 3 weeks of the month, and chest pain and shortness of breath. My periods would last so long and be extremely painful, when they used to be light and easy to deal with.  I 'm about to finish my last pack of this drug and switch to another birth control pill I had no problems with in the past and be done with Yaz for good.
Made me a zombie at low doses and didn 't help with depression. In fact, I felt even more depressed since I wasn 't able to hold a conversation or think straight due to drowsiness.But it seems to work for some people.
I used sprintec to switch my period for a trip, and it worked for that, which is why I give it two points. The rest of my experience was not good.I only took Sprintec for two weeks and had to stop taking it. Here is a list of my bad experience:-it made me sick to my stomach every single day- after one week I had continuous breakthrough bleeding due to the low amount of progesterone in the pill-my period are now irregular. Last month it was 4 days early, this month its 3 days (or more) late- NOW I have found a bump in my breast, that hurts, and after having a cancer scare...I actually found out it 's from the pill. The lack of pregesterone caused it.So moral of the story...don 't take Sprintec.
For some people, it works. Not for me though... I 've had a period ever since I got it before Christmas. It makes me extremely moody and emotional. It 's now maybe working better? But not sure. I regret it, and I 'm too scared to get it taken out. Even though it didn 't hurt that bad to put in.
I hate mine ! I 've had it since May &amp; haven 't a stopped bleeding since ! I am going Wednesday to have it taken out ! Definitely prevents pregnancy cause no one wants to have sex with someone who bleeds for 6 months !
I 'm of the .02% that get pregnant on Mirena.I had my first five year run after my fourth child with no problem. Got my second January 2015 .It caused a lil weight gain( I went from 130 to 139 )I 'm 5 '6.Severe acne and oily skin almost over night,I had perfect model skin before.Mood swings.Then June 4 I have the worst shooting stabbing pain of my life,and my shoulder is killing me.I go to the hospital ,I 'm pregnant in the largest part of my left tube ,the next morning ,they do surgery to take out the left tube and my baby I just found out about.After surgery I found out I was hemorrhaging so she had to do a c-section cut under my bikini line to get the clots out and I almost bled out .i was white.If I would have stayed home I would have died.
Took it for a day and instantly broke out in hives. Woke up the next day and started crying hysterically and had the worst cramps in the world. As a first birth control this was very hard.
Been suffering from depression most of my life. I 've been on Zoloft and Lexapro. I would change when one seemed to stop working so went to Prozac. BIG mistake. See the side effects? I had almost every one of them. Doctors couldn 't figure out what was wrong till my wife showed them the side effects. Almost died Lost 25# in about 3 weeks. Will never go back to it but who knows it might work for you just didn 't for me
Both my daughter and I gained an excessive amount of weight on Abilify.  At 16  years of age, she went from 100 lbs to 140lbs. I went from 120 to 175lbs.  After discontinuing Abilify, it took a year to finally lose the weight.
I have been taking it for 10 days and am shocked by the side effects - starting with very dizzy, continuous headache, very tired. Warns against doing anything needing alertness!  How can people in full time jobs take this? Then in the last days developed runny nose, sore throat and now for 3 days i have trouble getting my breath - even just talking on the phone. So i am now coming off it - cutting dose in half for a few days (dose was only 1.25). unimaginable to take more of it.  I take felodopine as well as read that its not necessarily a good idea to take it with that drug too.  Pretty bad.
It made me extremely irritable, and seemed like it only made things worse for me.
I have hormonal acne and my skins not sensitive at all. I only used this for 1 week only every other day. this stuff seriously dried my face out so bad that not only did it dry my face out and make it burn and itch like crazy but it also gave me dermatitis. Absolutely the worst product ever!!!
Okay well this June Fe is the worst thing ever. I have been on it for 6 months. Once on it I notice weird pimples and cystic lumps on my face. I work in the operating room so I thought it was the mask. But once I changed to a different mask nothing happen. I went to a  dermatologist who diagnosed me with a STAPH INFECTION.I was out of work for a week with no pay! After that week I went back to get cleared but knew that wasn 't going to happen. The doctor sent me back to the dermoatologist where I saw a different doctor who then told me it was dermoitis. After putting so much medication on my chin and it was not clearing up. I finally thought about this new birth control.reading reading  reviews I deffiently have the cystic lumps.
I have had hives for five days now, they burn. I took 10mg of Zyrtec but they are no help. I still have the hives and still have the pain that only a ice pack will help.
I took this medicine two days ago. The first day I took it around 8pm and couldn 't fall asleep until 3am. I also experienced clenching my teeth that night and it made me so irritable. I noticed my stomach making funny sounds and I took it with a full glass of water and with food  The next morning I woke up with a horrible headache. I had an upset stomach and my jaw was so sore. I felt very nauseated and that passed after about three hours. Around 3pm I took it again since I knew it kept me up. I hardly ate at all that day due to feeling so sick. Around 7pm I felt like I might be hungry. I went to get fries. When I ate the fries they tasted different.  Pristiq made me so sick and made stuff taste different. 
I had this Depo for two years and as much as it was easier with no pill no period etc it ended up the worst thing I 've ever had I have developed cystic acne hard nodular lumps under my skin which have left me depressed with how they look. They were awful and my hair was shedding rapidly. I went to the doctor and came off it he put me on Dianette and advised to take it the first day I come on. 3 months in and no proper period. One weekend I suffered severe and I must emphasize severe pain and cramping I could not move and was having very dark blood clots. To this day my skin is still awful I am now on lymecyline and the doctors told me to use the Dianette contraceptive for my skin anyway. I have never ever had skin problems previous to this.
I have the worst back pain and I took these pills and they did nothing for me. I spent 12 dollars on this stuff for nothing.
Makes me sleep all night and all the next day, even if I don 't take a whole pill.  I tossed it in the trash.  I hate it.
My life has been so awful after this shot, I got it in April 2015, I started bleeding right after I got the shot horrible stomach pains horrible pain, emotionally a mess, it is now June 2016 I 've been off of the depo sense dec 2015 and I 've been bleeding non stop I am constant pain, I can 't enjoy making love it is a mess and a chore and I am so depressed all the doctors just keep giving me like a whoah your bleeding that long and doing nothing for me
AWFUL. I had fairly clear skin before taking Sprintec and had gotten the implant taken out a couple months prior. But within less than a month I began to see my face break out on Sprintec. It eventually developed to the point where I got hormonal acne on my forehead and chin, places I had NEVER gotten acne. I stayed on the pill for 3 months and couldn 't take the acne any more, and the worst part is that the acne WORSENED after I got off. It has been four months and my face is filled with acne scars and new blemishes. This has been an ongoing battle for me, and I regret taking the pill. Immensely. Please avoid this at all costs! Especially if you have sensitive skin or acne free skin to begin with! I 'd give anything to have my old face back.
was given for back spasms and headaches made my headaches much worse, really didn 't do a thing for my spasms, did give me dry mouth after taking 3 pills daily for 4 days I stopped on my own why bother, enough
It 's known within the pharmaceutical industry that 5% of patients will suffer 90% of side effects from any given drug.  That 's me, and an MTBI bumped me up to the elite 2.5% who get side effects never heard of.  But Trintellix was supposed to be good for depression from brain injury, so I gave it a try.No gastric symptoms, but on day 2, I woke up not knowing what day it was.  7 hours after second dose, heightened anxiety and a sense of &quot;speeding&quot;, without the edge, took hold.  Then, I found myself annoyed that Shaw 's was out of everything I usually bought there - until the egg case in the wrong place alerted me I was in Stop &amp; Shop.  No memory of deciding to go there.  Bu-bye Trintellix.  Just glad I only paid $3.10 for it.
I had the Implanon inserted on July 24, 2009 and had a little bruising, but nothing too serious.  Two weeks later I had a very painful period, where I couldn 't get out of bed, literally! My period usually lasts 3-5 days, and on Implanon it lasted almost 2 weeks.  No it wasn 't spotting, it was still bright red blood.  But 6 weeks later, I am still spotting! I have changed my eating habits and work out 6 days a week, and have not been able to drop a pound! I have no sex drive either and have had more acne in the past 2 months than I have ever had in my life.  
I cannot take this medication.  I attempted to take it 2 different times and ended up with severe migraines.  I was foolish enough to take it a second time to make sure it was the medication.  Worst migraine of my life.  I had to take a 40mg Relpax and repeat the dosage one hour later to get some relief.  I was in so much pain, I paid $108 for 2 pills of Relpax that my insurance would not cover after trying Generic Maxalt.  Words cannot describe the head pain this medication caused.
I bought this for a previous yeast infection and experienced the same results. Unbearable itching and burning. I have another yeast infection in the early stages and thought maybe catching it early will result in less severe symptoms from the Monistat. I was very wrong. Within a minute of applying and inserting the cream, I experienced that unbearable itching and burning again. I thought maybe it was a temporary feeling, so I toughed it out for a few minutes. No relief at all, so I got up and used the bathroom. Then sat in the shower until I could manage to get it all out. Monistat does not work at all. If anything, it 's giving you a taste of an even worse pain so maybe the yeast infection doesn 't seem as terrible. 0/10 would buy again
Worst idea I ever had! I bought this to treat my yeast infection instead of seeing the doc. It didn 't only not work it made everything hurt and burn 100x worst! I inserted the medication before going to bed and woke up about an hour after with the worst burning sensation I have ever experienced. It was a mix of intense itching and burning so strong I had a hard time breathing through it. The pill had dissolved and had started leaking out. I used the washroom and it was more pain on top of the pain I was already experiencing. It has been two days and the burning sensation it 's still there and it hurts so bad to pee. Everything feels chapped down there and will have to visit the doc anyway. Do yourself a favor and just go to the doctor!
I took Z Pack for full pack and still had upper respitory infection so my Dr prescribed this. I took it for 2 days and then started severe diarrhea and after taking it for 5 days I had to call 911 to get to the hospital. I was so dehydrated with diarrhea and nausea so bad I had to be hospitalized for six days! I see I 'm not the only one that had these side effects.
I was on Daily Fosamax about 5 years ago.  I had severe GERD and stopped taking it. I used calcium supplements and in those years I didn 't have much change. Recently after a scan, it showed that I had bone loss so I went to the weekly Fosamax. I took it in the morning and by that evening, I had severe backache and muscle ache that got worse.  Then I had horrible bloating.  I could hardly walk with the pain.  I called my pharmacist and they told me that I need to contact my doctor and to stop taking the medication.  They told me that the side effect symptoms might take up to 7 months to go away.  I can not function.  I will contact my doctor to see what he has planned.  I would like to just take calcium and vitamin D regularly.
I was encouraged by these reviews as I started this medicine, and I feel like I am one of the few whose acne didn 't clear right up. I 've been on it for just under a month now and my acne is the worst it has ever been. I just wanted to share because it seemed like everyone was so happy with it.
The bad side effects far out way the good this drug does.  You can die from these side effects!!
I had Mirena inserted in January 2011 and just had it removed this month (May 2011). Mirena was horrible for me. I was constantly moody, short tempered, had hair loss, and gained about 15 lbs. Mirena may not make you gain weight but it does increase your appetite which ultimately leads to weight gain. Not to mention that my cycles became much heavier and lasted much longer. I used to bleed for 3 days, with Mirena it was 5 to 7 days and very heavy. I am now back on the pill (Lo Loestrin FE). I have already noticed a positive change in my attitude and weight.
I strongly advise against taking this drug. Many people do not know that this drug has been banned in the UK due to the amount of people that died from it or contracted Steven Johnson Syndrome, which is characterized by your skin falling off. I was prescribed Bactrim for a UTI. Clearly, there were a lot of other options to prescribe a small, 100 pound girl with a minor infection. However, the doctor chose this drug. I took 3 pills out of the 14 that I was given and I had such a severe migraine that I could not open my eyes or chew food. The pain eventually went into my neck and that is when I stated to panic - called doc and was told I had an allergic reaction and stopped taking it immediately.
OMG. I 've only had a few YI in my life. I have used monistat maybe 2 other times years ago. Today I took the first day of the 7 day cream. As soon as I took the applicator out the burning was so bad I started crying and jumped in the bathtub trying to get the cream out. Now I lay in bed with an ice pack waiting for my husband to get home with a douche so I can try to get it out. Seriously. Fire ants is a good analogy. Burns like hell. Do. Not. Try. Ever.  It must be a bad batch.
I 'm 5 '8&quot; and 210 lbs. Took first one yesterday. Basically knocked me out. Slept most of the day, felt stoned out of my mind. Very powerful drug. Used a coupon and paid $90 for 70 pills. What a mistake. I 'll be disposing of these today. Don 't recommend this garbage.
Been on it for 2 wks. No noticeable difference. Side effects are my eyes are blurry, insomnia, extreme heartburn, and feels like something stuck in my throat all the time. And my bladder is painful by morning. Going off this medication. More harm than good. :(
Do not take this. DO NOT TAKE THIS. I 'm 26 and weigh 135 lbs. I started taking Trinessa in July 2016 and one month later, I 'm in the hospital coughing up blood with uncontrollable pain in my side. They did a CT and it came back that I had a blood clot in my left lung. They said my birth control caused it. I became so swollen in my legs just 2 days before the clot went into my lung. I 'm a very healthy woman and this medication almost took my life. Please be careful. It 's been 4 months and I 'm still short of breath. 40% of my lung died because it wasn 't getting oxygen. I 'm on blood thinners twice a day. Don 't think this can 't happen to you. Estrogen thickens your blood.  I 'm just so thankful I didn 't have a stroke.
Constant bleeding for the entire 9 weeks I had it in. Range from moderate to light. Only 4-5 days blood free and not consecutive. Think it is stopping one day only to start the next. Hair loss 1 Month in and strange headaches. Also stuffy nose. Only one star due to painless insertion.Getting it pulled next week. Cannot wait to be normal again. Rather have 1 week of bleeding vs. Constant light bleeding.
I started this pill to only have 4 periods a year.  I don 't need the Birth Control because my husband is &quot;fixed&quot;. I was like clockwork every 28 days, but my period would last 7 horrible days.  I had major bleeding, clotting and cramps.  So, I thought this would help with both the flow and amount of time.  I started the pill 8 weeks ago, since then I have been bleeding (enough to wear a pad) for 4.5 of those weeks. My breasts are super sore, and have grown a cup size. I have had cramping for most of the time.  I 'm going to stop because it 's causing the very thing I 'm trying to eliminate.
My 5 year old son started off on the generic version for 2 weeks before switching to the intuniv. He did OK on the generic tenex (not an extended release), it just made him drowsy. The 1St day on the intuniv (extended release) however, he was busy, could not sit still for nothing &amp; sleep was not on his mind. 2nd day, his Dr. told me to up the dose to 2mg(b/c he had been taking 1mg of the generic 2 weeks prior). My son was worse! He was worse than he was before he started any of the meds. Dr. took him off &amp; put him back on the generic, 1mg, no problems so far besides the drowsiness. Generic, $60 some bucks,  intuniv $300. Surprised the cheapest works better!
I found this by literally searching on google why am I feeling depressed and crying everyday! I started the pill 3 weeks ago and can 't say how miserable it has made me feel.
I was given this drug for a pilonidal cyst. I was nauseous the first day. Diarrhea started 3 days in and got so bad I had to stop. Have been off it for  2 days and still have diarrhea and feel wiped out. I won 't be taking it again. Lost 4 pounds in 3 days. Still taking pro-biotics hoping this subsides soon.
Lexapro made my depression worse, and I had suicidal thoughts within 24 hours. I immediately quit. It was a free sample from my doctor.
I only have negative reviews for this drug. Avoid !!!! I started with a milder antibiotic finished the course but it relapsed with sinus &amp; chest infection and so I was put on biaxin. My sinus took a month to go but the side effects I could not tolerate were - loss of sleep (NO SLEEP) , no appetite, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, feeling depressed and emotional outbursts. I 'm a very happy person &amp; always around people but this medicine made me go into a shell. It took a lot of effort of my friends &amp; family to get me back to my normal state of mind.
Doxepin for sleep?.  My new psychiatrist has prescribed this drug . New because my previous doctor passed away. That man was a God send for years and years to me. I don 't sleep but 4 or 5 hours a night.  Broken up 2 hours at a time. But doxepin? Seriously?  Is this some kind of cruel joke?Can anyone hear me? I CAN NOT SLEEP!!!HERE I AM RIGHT NOW 2:12AM. Perhaps next he will add melatonin, a warm glass of milk and journaling before bed....lol. Maybe Yoga, chanting and acupuncture.  I give up.It has been 47 days now on this drug. My last night of this ridiculousness.
Not only did I not feel congestion relief after using this; I had almost an immediate bloody nose after I used it. I didn 't find it helpful.
I can 't tell if this expensive patch is working because I can 't get it to adhere.  I already use other patches so I know I 'm putting it on correctly as instructions indicate.  I 'm in Galveston Texas and I am keeping them stored in accordance to instructions.   Anyone else having same issues?
This drug is suppose to the generic for Donnatal, I am 63 and I have had IBS-D since I was twenty. I have tried most of the name brand drugs and Donnatal work the best for me.This drug does work and cost the same as Donnatal.
I started the depo provera on June 20 2014 this was going to be my first time on birth control and I thought this would be a easy way, not having to worry about taking a pill daily and I heard eventually it will stop your period to begin with. Boy was I ever wrong.. when I started the depo I got the shot while I was on my period so it ended like it was suppose to be the next month (July) my period came early and it did not stop till September. It was the WORST choice I 've ever made. My whole summer was ruined because my period was so heavy I went through depression which I never have before! I did not get another shot! I 'm glad I made the choice to stop now over a year later my body is back to normal thank god
I had it in for 5 years. Ok at first. Gradually started having VERY heavy periods, constant bacterial vaginitis, and after about 3 years was no longer able to feel strings. My ob assured me that was not so abnormal. I also began having anxiety, panic attacks, hair loss, and decided to have it out. Two attempts in the office were unable to remove it. It has embedded into my uterine wall. I had same day surgery to have it removed. Within 6 months anxiety, panic were resolved and hair loss levelled out. No more heavy periods or BV.
Was placed on this medication 5 days ago in addition to being on 100 mg trazodone for insomnia. First day was amazing, placebo effect I am sure. After the first day my chest started hurting and I was sleepy and sluggish. I normally am at the gym 6 days per week. I have been once and was so weak feeling I couldn 't push half the weight I normally do and it cut 20 minutes from my lifting time. The last few days I took myself off the trazodone fearing it was what was causing the problem after reading that the two medicines should not be mixed. It didn 't help. I became angry and noticed stiffness in my thighs and neck. I also have been eating everything in sight. This has made me miserable very fast. I start coming off tomorrow.
I experienced nausea, a headache, and for the first time in my life, (I 'm 21) I had trouble breathing, it was pretty scary. I only had 1 dose.
This pill didn 't work for me. I was it for 3 months.  I spotted for several weeks (probably 6 weeks), gained weight (went from size 0 to a 4 -6) and felt depressed and suicidal. I switched back to a pill I had been on several years ago (Levora/Portia).  It 's been 2.5 weeks since I switched pills and I already feel back to normal.  I 'm back to size 0, mental health is normal, and no more spotting. Jolessa didn 't work with my body 's chemistry but that doesn 't mean it doesn 't work. The birth control pill is trial and error, in my opinion.  Find what works for you.
My pain management doc has me on time release morphine for spinal injuries because other modalities have not worked. Of course, I have severe constipation. Was given samples of Movantik. I took one pill and within one half hour, had severe cramping and within one hour, total diarrhea. Also had some withdrawal symptoms. I waited a few days, became constipated again and thought I would try it again. Same effect again except this time, I am three days out from taking the Movantik and I am still experiencing withdrawal symptoms...nervousness, runny nose, anxiety, headache and nausea. I have reported the adverse reactions to my doc and will be reporting them to the FDA as well. I am a 67 year old male.
My fianc&eacute; started this and within a day the worst experience ever. She is a zombie I can 't talk to her. Tonight she wrecked our car with our baby inside, lost her phone drove off made it home and 2 hours later when I finally found her she acted like nothing happened. I have never seen her so low and completely out of it. She falls asleep walking
While the patch made it possible for me to sail the Caribbean with no motion sickness ( I wore it for 4 days) when I removed it I experienced severe blurred vision, felt dizzy and nauseous and weak and could hardly stand! This drug is poison
So I am a 18 year old girl who honestly frequently is not on time with each and every pill. I stared taking seasonique on November 1st, 2015 because I have heavy bleeding when my periods occur. Since that day I have bled (a little lighter than normally but nothing too significant) until this day (December 7th, 2015) which is a MONTH AND A WEEK OF BLEEDING. I now have anemia from bleeding for so long. I do not recommend  this birth control pill due to my horrible experience with it.
I am on day 6 of this medicine and I still feel horrible. The body aches are gone (thank goodness), but everything else still exists. I 'm still extremely tired and nauseous and I have been coughing uncontrollably, sneezing, runny nose etc. I can not stand more than a min without having to lay down.  I feel like I wasted $50.00. I was so excited to get this drug to offer me some relief.
Caused hair loss.
This drug made me feel super high. I felt like I was on meth, couldn 't sleep and felt to intoxicated to drive. Quit after a few days.
I am a veteran and also retired from the Dept. of Veterans Affairs. I have been using inhalers since 1986. I have to tell you,  this is one of the most difficult inhalers to use. It takes two good hands to use. Think about all the Veterans returning from combat with missing upper and or lower extremities. Think about going back to the drawing board.
After severe swelling of my knee, my doctor decided that I was allergic to the stuff. Of course this was AFTER he put all three shots in. I haven 't been able to work as an ICU nurse for 3 months due to complications. I now have had to have surgery to remove the stuff from my knee. It has lead to a sed rate of 56 (normal is 30) and swelling of the joints in my hands. I would not recommend this to anyone.
I had unprotected sex on the 17th this month and took the Ella pill 44 hours later. I felt so sick for the first 2 days I couldn 't get off the sofa, had severe bloating next few days I was nauseous and vomited a fair few times still am occasionally vomiting 12 days on, I 'm now 13 days in and still having symptoms e.g. cramping and back ache mainly on the left side of my abdomen, headaches, heartburn, acid reflux. Also this pill is like an abortion, if you did have a fertilised egg which in my opinion is when pregnancy begins it stops it from attaching therefore causing abortion. Worst pill I 've ever taken in my life. I 'm due  in 4 days and even though I don 't think I 'm pregnant the effects it 's had on me have been horrendous. Use with caution
This is definitely birth control... Not because it will stop you from having a baby, oh no, but it 's the fact that I had my period for 3 1/2 weeks out of two months. Usually my period would last for about 8-10 days out of two months, so...
Do not take Adderall if high blood pressure runs in your family. Be especially careful not to take it if you have high blood pressure already. I had normal blood pressure until I started taking Adderall. Ever since, my blood pressure has been at least 130/80, and I have measured it at 162/88 while on the drug. I am a 20 year old male, and my dad has hypertension, which is where this incredible susceptibility comes from. I stopped taking it but I still have high readings, which only started when I began taking Adderall. Do yourself a big favor and harangue your doctors about Adderall if you or your family has a history of high blood pressure. You don 't want to end up on BP meds.
Absolutely did not work for me.  I tried it in lieu of Dalmane &amp; a combo of Dalmane (30 mg), Gabapentin (600 mg) &amp; 15 mg Remeron (VERY careful re:  Weight Gain Side Effect, gained 20 lbs in short order), dramatically increases your appetite for Carbs &amp; Sugars &amp; overall appetite (what they don 't tell you is that they give this to patients in the hospital who won 't eat to increase their appetite)
I had a night where I did not think and realized I needed to get a Plan B pill about 12-13 hours (basically the next morning). I took it as directed and with food and it said I would get my period within a week. I was due for my period 3 weeks after this incident so I was like ok let 's see what happens.  I want to share that if you are feeling  horny at times about a week and a half after your period ends, you are ovulating and if you have sex while ovulating and they do their thing in you, you are most likely going to end up in that 5%. I am currently 6 weeks pregnant and that was the only sex I had in the last 3 months so thank you Plan B for having me waste $50 and now have to undergo this unwanted pregnancy.
I mean I 'm not pregnant but I have been bleeding for 2 weeks straight and this new period started just a week after my normal period had ended. I 'll pass.........
Prescribed 30 mg/ daily for fibromyalgia pain. Kudos to those who this helps. The side effects and reaction were too much to handle. Chemical taste in mouth, dry mouth, sore throat, badly increased pain and onset of new pains that haven 't subsided, trembling, migraine, intestinal cramps, vertigo, severe stoned feeling, inability to think, everything seemed &quot;slow motion,&quot; and I had to concentrate hard to do simple tasks.  Also felt like I was in a free fall. Effects lasted two days after stopping, and the new pains haven 't stopped. Not recommended if hypersensitive to medicine.
After having another Stent placed in my heart my new cardiologist tried me on generic Crestor much to my dislike. I have tried them all they all cause me extreme pain in my muscles, bones (back, legs, arms, feet etc.)heart.. Nightmares this time, confusion, headaches. Symptoms began within a few hours of taking it. He switched me to this livalo and the pain was worse.No thank you. I 'll pass.
I started this birth control because I hate my period. I was on it for about a month and a half and I felt horrible. I had serious mood swings making me so mean and a totally different person. I also had terrible cramping and a loss of libido. I was taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen for acne and thought that this would keep my acne at bay. Um no I was wrong I broke out everywhere! So I decided to go back to my old birth control and I am back to normal again.
I used the patch for night time hot flashes that wake me up every 2-3hrs. The size was great, and it stuck just fine. That 's where the happy union ended. By the second day the hot flashes seemed to triple, occurring all day and all night. And the flashes were hotter! I also began to have terrible headaches that woke me up earlier than my alarm clock and hung around all day. I never have headaches so I removed the patch after only 4 days and the symptoms all went away. Now I 'm back to square one better able to deal with my original symptoms knowing things could be worse. I 'm going to give the name brand Vivelle dot a try and see what happens.
It does nothing for my muscle spasm
I was on this medicine for about 7 weeks and I gained a lot of weight and on the start of my 3rd pack I got extreme migraines when I crouched down. I was in crazy pain so I stopped the birth control. After about 3 weeks my migraines stopped. I got MRI 's and the doctor didn 't see anything wrong with my brain.
I had a terrible urinary tract infection. Went to the ER and they gave me this anti-biotic. It made me really sick. 
Burned like crazy within 5 mins of using the vaginal cream insert. The most pain I have ever experienced. Brought me to tears as I wanted to scream in pain. I will not be continuing with days 2 and 3. I will use a different product. They should out on the outside of the box in bold letters that it may cause severe burning and itching, not &quot;mild&quot;. They couldn 't pay me to go through that again.
The first three days on Victoza I had no problems.  Day four brought the sulfur belches, dry heaving, diarrhea and dizziness.  I was so dehydrated I needed to go the ER and this was on the lowest dose.  My DEC said it would be a great thing for me and the side effects were minimal.  Not so for me.  Decided to give this up and stick with the Metformin and Glipizide.  I will also be going back to Weight Watchers and start exercising. 
I have been taking Tri-Sprintec for a month and about a week now, I have been having crazy mood swings that is causing me to not want to do anything, argue with my partner, then be fine 10 minutes later. Very irritable. I will get tired for doing nothing and just want to sleep, sort of like a depression but I refuse to say I am depressed, I am normally a very happy person look to the bright side of everything, Now I just want to cry and sleep. Then comes heart palpitations, headaches every day since I have been taking them, feel sick. 
Not trying to deal people out but it Didn 't work. Took four hours after condom broke and ended up pregnant. If you already ovulate I don 't think this works. Advice : take vitamin c without bioflavoids or rose hips asap!!! It stops the increase of progesterone so the fertilized egg can 't implant.
I was so exited to find this medication.  I had previously been on synthroid and it 's generic for over 20 years with no problems and suddenly became intolerant with debilitating side effects.  We tried adding Cytemel which cause terrible heart palps and then tried Armour also causing terrible heart palps and chest pain, both meds were reduced greatly with the same effect.  I finally found Tirosint and did wonderfully on it for over 6 months, then my stomach had severe issues, through specialists and so many tests, treatments and a whole lot of money we finally stopped Tirosint on a whim.  I 'm all better stomach wise, but out of options otherwise.  Since even compounded T4 uses fillers, I have no more options.
I 've had acne for about 8 years. Last year it suddenly deteriorated into severe nodular cystic acne. I started Accutane in September 2016, I 'm nearly finished my sixth month and I still have the same nodules and cysts that I had at beginning of the treatment, I 'm still breaking out the same as before. Accutane is effective for 96% of people whilst they 're on it, so I 'm not bashing Accutane, it 's an amazing drug for the majority of people. I 'm obviously an exception and I 'm devastated.
hair loss massive hair loss
I was in a car accident and have chronic pain. Amitriptyline takes the edge off. The side effects are dry mouth, confusion, dizziness, nausea and chronic lethargy to name a few. The one that put me off completely is risk of LIVER DAMAGE. My feet have been swelling for 3 weeks. For the last week my calves have been swelling as well. 
This medication changed me inside and out.  I experienced nausea, bleeding, acne, anxiety, depression, irritability, loss of focus and felt like I was losing it.  The chemical hormonal imbalance changed my demeanor completely.  I began to have panic attacks and called my doctor.  I had a consult and prescription was changed right away.  I would not recommend this drug to anyone due to the side effects that I personally experienced as I would not want another to endure the same.  1 month was enough, I began to mellow out but decided against staying on it due to the severity of the side effects.  It took another 2 weeks to feel normal again.
6 days w/6 doses...made it WORSE. I have to pee about every 2 hours or less.
This has been the worst experience of my life. Two shots of Prolia and nothing but constant pain. Every bone in my body hurts, literally. I feel just awful all day long. Tired, washed out, constant pain that has been, at times, debilitating. Had to use crutches for two days when I developed severe hip pain and again when I developed sever knee pain. I am eating ibuprofen like it was a bag of M &amp; M 's. My cholesterol went high and I have never had a problem with cholesterol in my life (found out that it was yet another side effect). I have been to the ER twice and the walk-in clinic three times since starting Porlia. Two shots and I am done with it, no more.
Diarrhea only lasted a day. I was pleasantly surprised how fast Viibryd began working. I felt so much better not even five days into taking it, which NEVER happens with me! I thought I had finally found a medication that worked after six years. About two months into taking it I had gained about ten pounds, my vision had gotten worse, my sex drive had gone from being very very high to literally NOTHING (took three months after I stopped taking for it to return), and my depression and anxiety were back in full swing.  It wasn 't normal depression where everything is just boring and you 're lethargic and what not, it was the angry, scary, unpredictable depression I 've only experienced from bad reactions to other medication in the past.
Just too expensive.  $200 AND 3 months later the side effects were too much for me and only 5 lbs gone.  Was on support group on facebook but seems its been pulled.
I took Viorele for a single month. I have experienced the worst acne I 've had in YEARS, my depression has gotten significantly worse, my blood pressure (which is usually spot on perfect) is frequently high, and my mood swings are horrible.
I took one pill at night.  I slept all night and all the next day.   Do not recommend.  I slept all day so don 't even know if it worked for allergies.  Nowhere on the package did I see warning about sleep problem and no additional instructions in the box.  Stuck with expensive product  that I cannot use.  In my mind drowsiness is not the same as being sound asleep for over 24 hours.
Started taking June 2013, once a week.  4 weeks into taking started having headaches but didn 't connect the dots.  Then started having severe sharp pain in back and upper right behind rib cage. Pain so severe, went to ER, where they didn 't know the cause (had my gallbladder removed 18 yrs ago).  Finally spoke to my primary and the connection was made.
Horrible drug. Do not take this. I was up to 250 mg before I decided to quit cold turkey. I was hearing things, nauseous, seeing things. I thought I was going insane. I was a first timer in meds and I had to work on top of it. I fully trusted the doctor to prescribe me the right meds. The doctor laughed me off when I told him what I went through.  I thought I was going to die. After taking this drug I can never trust doctors again. It ruined me. He acted like it was no big deal.Do not take this drug lightly. I 'm so surprised that dotors are so cautious about giving benzos but not antidepressants.  They only care about the money  they are getting paid by big pharma. Don 't get me wrong some meds work. But be careful you only get one brain
This drug just about killed me.. so be careful.  I took it for several months then I had an unexpected severe reaction.  I woke up one morning numb/tingling from head to toe - (like when your arm falls asleep).  I stopped taking it - it took about 4 weeks before all the tingling to finally go away.
I am almost done with my 28 day pack and I AM NOT HAPPY. I 'm having the heaviest period of my life (5 days in and still absurd cramps, constant heavy flow- TMI sorry). My body is literally freaking out on me. I am a slim, active girl but I am sluggish, gaining weight (HOW), and my skin is not clearing up on Sprintec. It might just be me. My body might just be changing with age, but I 'm sharing my experience anyway. I 'm throwing away my next month 's pack and saving myself from this misery.
I 'm glad to hear that I 'm not the only one who is having a horrible break out because of this pill.  I 've been taking it for 1.5 months, and my face, chest and back started to break out.  In addition, it is very expensive.  The one positive thing I did experience, is no bad headaches during my period like I used to get with other pills. Will go back to another pill that doesn 't cause me these bad breakouts.
I 'm a man with UTI which is much less common than in women.  My Dr. tells me that my case is fairly bad and seems surprised that I didn 't complain more about the considerable pain while urinating.  He prescribed antibiotics to heal the infection and this drug to help with pain and urgent feeling of needing to go.  I experienced gut wrenching nearly vomit inducing pain while urinating on this medicine while prior to dosage I was experiencing discomfort to start urine flow but manageable pain that subsided when ending urination.  The primary difference with this medication seemed to  be more severe pain and less ability to stop it than before I was using the drug.  I 'll NEVER take another dosage again.  Really, really rough for me.
I was on Opdivo for 6 months. It really set me back, I had to quit it before it killed me.
I was on the shot for almost 2 years since my doctor didn 't want me on the pill because I have high blood pressure due to my first pregnancy. Well it backfired, I gained 30 pounds after starting the shot, became extremely depressed, mood swings, and my sex drive completely gone. Also I am blonde and my leg hair turned brown. I have been on the shot for almost 4 months and have started spotting very little and acne on my back, migraines and wicked cramps. 
I am very prone to yeast infections. Especially while on birth control, for the most part really good probiotics clear it right up but I had slight symptoms of a yeast infection for the past week and the probiotics aren 't doing the trick so I had a diflucan lying around from when I was on a zpak. Decided to just take it and see if it would help. I 'm having an awful reaction my vagina is 100 times itchier. Don 't take it. Go out and buy a great probiotic, so much better and all natural. I 'm regretting taking it. :(
Abreva used to work for me very well, but it no longer does. I used to put it on and it would shorten healing time significantly, and if I caught it early enough would go away before blistering. The last couple of times I caught one right away and put it on at the first tiny tingle. It still spread to a huge multi-blister sore and took 2 weeks to heal. Either my body has grown resistant to the active ingredient in Abreva that used to work, or they have changed their formula. Very disappointed.
I am in the midst of taking it now. The instructions clearly say to drink 32 more ounces of liquid . After I nearly vomited finishing the actual prep. Then I had to drink the water. Give it a few minutes and I vomited the whole thing up. So I haven&rsquo;t used the bathroom once since taking it at 7 pm and it&rsquo;s now 9 pm. Hoping the second bottle does something, but might need to reschedule my appointment.
Took this medication for over 6 months with no discernable difference in BS. No side effect, however on Medicare the charges increase to over $ 500.00 per month in the  Doughnut Hole - without a discount available. Stopped taking it after reading some very negative reviews of this Drug and the Approval Process.
Silenor was a nightmare for me. I stuck with it for about 3 weeks and thought I was going out of my mind. I did not sleep at all for the first 4 days and then the hallucinations began. If I did sleep it was in for about 30 minutes at a time and then the terrible nightmares kept me awake for the rest of the night. 
I absolutely hate this birth control method! I had the implant placed in May 2015 right before I left to college. First 3 months I was fine. Then it got awful. My periods prior lasted 3-4 days and were super light. Now they last 20-24 days and are relatively heavy. I never had acne in my life and now I get major breakouts and my back now has bacne!! Not to mention that when I got this inserted I was 128. I 'm 5 '3 btw. And I was a 3 sport athlete. Very in shape and muscular. I never had a problem losing weight, ever! I could always bounce back and be fit. From when I started college in August 2015 to the end of freshman year may 2016 I gain 8 pounds. So I was 136. Now I 'm 166. In 2 years 40lb gain! I cannot lose weight to save my life! :(
I got off of this birth control this month because I have gained almost 30lbs since I started it in May and it is now December and I 'm gigantic. I got an IUD today and I 'm hoping my weight will get under control now.
I would not recommend Lyrica to anyone.   I had severe neck pain and nerve issues, and prescribed Lyrica, slowly increasing my dosage.   I was up to a total of 300mg twice a day and the medicine had an issue with the Zoloft I was taking causing Serotonin Syndrome.  I didn 't feel a significant change in pain after taking Lyrica for over 3 months.  After I had my neck surgery, I started slowly decreasing my Lyrica.   It has absolutely been the worst medicine to come off of.   Decreasing dosages as small as 25mg impacted my whole life.   I couldn 't stay awake, was in a cloud, felt nauseous and completely un-motivated.  If I ever knew these side effects were a potential I would have never started taking this med.  Advise taking with caution!
I was taking sprintec and never had any issue there. Then I moved and the new pharmacy gave me this generic one. I thought they would be the same and I was completely wrong. I took them for three nights just to get my body used to the change. Each night the pain got worse and worse. I was waking up at 2am with terrible abdominal pains and I could not stop throwing up. I stopped taking them yesterday and today my stomach is feeling a little better. I am now going to get back on sprintec.
Did not work. Have vaginal itching, irritation from it and urinary urgency and frequency. Also, gave me a sore throat. Bacterial Vaginitis still present.
My Cardiologist prescribed Praluent to control cholestoral. I had one injection in October of 2015. within 24 hours my joints swelled to the point where for example I could not safely grasp my steering wheel. My B/P rose by 52 points to 191/ 106. My Cardiologist made no diagnosis outside of it might not be the Praulent, but began to try every drug that was available. My new normal B/P is  161/98. I have contacted the manufacturer talked generlities for an hour,who cordially let me speak with their research person and we but was unable to get any list of could be 's or look for 's.After perusing the Internet today, I find that the injection could have caused Vasculitis or Immunogenicity.
I am an RN in the over 65 population, and used Prevident 5000 Plus for 3 months.  I had to discontinue it due to sensitivity, noted to be a higher risk in my age group.  The sensitivity wasn 't immediate, but gradual, with increasing tongue and throat soreness and GI upset over time, until it reached a level that could not be ignored.  In the 36 hours since discontinuing it, the discomfort has reduced considerably, so it seems to be the culprit.  Unfortunately, I wasn 't able to tolerate this long enough to judge its effectiveness for prevention.
Nightmare! I was on the xulane birth control patch for 2 full months. I have felt like a complete Zombie with no energy at all. I can feel depression, anxiety and mood swings getting worse. I 'm starting to get headaches and nausea which I have never experienced before. The patch doesn 't stick very well on the skin. I 've gotten rashes and it 's always itchy at the site. I 'm giving up on birth control because the crippling mental side effects are not worth it. I 'm going back to condoms forever. BEWARE the mental/emotional side effects sneak up on you over time.
So I 've had two shots so far My period has been heavy when I get it and I spot all month long. I 've experienced depression in the past and it seems like it 's gotten worse on the shot. I 've actually attempted suicide since I 've started the shot.my sex drive is crap and my mood swings are crazy. I don 't recommend this shot to anyone
I 've been taking Trinessa-Lo pills for about 5 months now. So far in the past 5 months I had experienced the random nausea in the beginning, irregular spotting (which still happened to me last month), and I felt a bit more emotional. HOWEVER, this past week, I got my first ever panic attack and anxiety which I 've never felt before and it 's horrible. I do have a heavy stress filled workload as I 'm a grad student, but have never felt like this. I 've also noticed a decreased tolerance to wearing my contact lens, it 's like there 's sand in my eyes right when I put them in! I guess the only pros of the pills are that they kept my skin pimple free, periods light &amp; short.going to get off the pills soon and see if it helps. Will try to update
One year I lost more than 30 lbs without any notable side effects. Stop meds and gained weight all back. Last yesr took the meds and kept off maybe 5lbs causing elevated blood pressure and a bald head to show for its value. Negative experience.
I had Botox in bladder 10 days ago and it has only made my bladder worse.instead of going to the toilet every 20 minutes I 'm now going every 5! I 'm not sleeping and have had really bad urine infection! I was back in hospital on Sunday! I would not recommend anyone getting this done. I have suffered with bladder problems for 17 years and getting really down about it all now! I have no idea what to do now.
If you cut back on the dosage you risk the chance of having seizures, even taking as prescribed over a long period of time because of the tolerance buildup. I have been in re-hab 4 times trying to get off of xanax. They give you valium, librium or ativan so you don&rsquo;t have a seizure and then lower that dosage over 7-15 days and release you. But 3-7 days later your symptoms are going to be so bad it will drive you back to xanax which now you will probably have to buy on the street because they&rsquo;re widely available unlike valium.
It 's good to know I 'm not alone. This drug is rough but I 've been on 9 different medications including 4 IV medications through PICC LINE daily some times twice a day. They come with terrible side effects. Right now I 'm on Clindamycin 2X daily for Lyme and Doxy currently for URI. The side effects for both are endless. Waiting for a cure
I have been on antibiotic off and on for he last couple of months, definitely not my first yeast infection. I 've never used Monistat before so I figured I would ty it since it 's Saturday and I can 't go to the doctor til Monday. Used the cream right before bed and didn 't last two minutes, literally couldn 't take it, the burning and itching and pain. Miserable, it took me over a hour to remove the cream and I 'm still uncomfortable! I will never buy this again, I 'll just be uncomfortable til Monday. I don 't suggest anyone purchasing this product, especially if they have a history of sensitive skin or anything. I 'm not sure why they would continue a product that everyone is having the same result
My pharmacist switched me to Orsythia after my regular birth control, Aviane, was unavailable. In the first 48 hours on Orsythia I having terrible mood swings and anxiety. Then came the bloating, weight gain and acne. I 'm now on my placebo week and my hormone levels have dropped so rapidly that I feel like a crazy person. Can 't wait to get off this stuff next week! P.S. I would HIGHLY recommend Aviane to anyone looking for a low-dose birth control pill. I was on it for years and never had any problems.
Way too itchy, I can barely leave it on, I tried it for a week straight, and at the end of the week where I had the patches started to bubble up like a blister. Extremely painful for prolonged use.
I had Nexplanon 2 days after giving birth to my son (January 13, 2016) .. And I have not stopped bleeding yet! It 's very aggravating because I want to have sex but can 't because of the bleeding .. I 'm just ready to get it out ..
I&rsquo;ve been on this birth control for about 5-6 months. I switched from Loestrin24 due to mood swings. One thing I hate about this pill compared to Loestrin 24 is that this pill has 7 placebo pills, and Loestrin 24 only had 3 placebos. I had bad side effects as soon as I started taking the pill, but I decided to stick with it in hopes that my body would adjust and things would get better. I am now ending month 5 on this pill and things have only gotten worse. My periods are now 2 and 1/2 weeks long. I start bleeding when I start week 3 of the pack, bleed through that week, the placebo week, and a few days on my new pack. Also I have terrible mood swings, insomnia, no sex drive. Only positive, no acne. I am 21, 5&rsquo;9&rdquo;, and 120 lbs for reference
My doctor prescribed medication for me 3 weeks ago. First chlorthaladone and it turned my stool into a solid brick. Finally passed stool but with incredible pain. Doctor then changed med to lisinopril. After 1 week I saw the doctor and said the same condition of severe constipation existed. Doctor said that lisinopril was not cause of constipation and said to use miralax for a week. After 5 days, miralax did nothing. I called the doctor and told of this experience. The doctor still thinks the bowel problem is unrelated to the medication. But said stop for a week, track blood pressure and see if bowel trouble continues. I get the impression that the doc and nurse think I am crazy and should not question anything. I am not crazy.
Prescribed 150mgs 4 times a day for 7 days. I now have thrush, headache, nausea, still have backache, dry mouth, fatigue &amp; worst of all my words get jumbled when I 'm talking. Have 4 doses left to take and feel its too late to swap. I 'll never take this again. A dangerous drug. Give me the 3 tablet course next time - works a treat
I get sinusitis a couple of times a year, each time I am left with a horrible dry itchy cough (the one where you can 't take a breath without that itchy feeling in your chest.) I have been prescribed Benzonatate several times and always have leftovers because it doesn 't work for me. I get more relief from OTC cough suppressants than I do from this prescription.
I was prescribed Tramadol after 5 days in ICU for a serious head/neck injury. I do not believe this drug has helped my pain. For me Aleve has been much more effective for the treatment of my pain. This medicine has made me sick and VERY dizzy.
I normally had really good blood pressure. 1 week before starting Claravis my bottom number was 66, 1 week after taking Claravis my bottom blood pressure reading was 98. You are considered to have high blood pressure at 90. I can 't believe it got so high so quick! I 'm stopping taking it today! Not worth the risk of having a stroke. Also really expensive medication.
At the six week point I began bleeding and have been bleeding heavily for two weeks.  Also swelling of feet and ankles as well as a weird  'whooshing ' sound in my ear.  I think the Megestrol turned on me.
I ended up with Pulmonary embolisms (pe) in both of my lungs. I 've never had anything that could compare to this. Neva Eva Again!!!
Started ropinirole 0.5 mg before bedtime in 2012.  Now, 4 years later I have finally determined by process of elimination of other contributing factors that this drug was causing SEVERE muscle spasms/cramps over my entire body - from my face to my feet.  Additionally, the addictive qualities affected me by eating habits.  I found myself returning to the kitchen after a meal on average 4 times for a snack.  This translates to overweight!!I began tapering off this nasty chemical and am losing weight and withing 3 days, my muscle issues are nearly gone.... after 4 years of pain &amp; suffering &amp; lack of sleep due to muscle/leg cramps.This info is NOT provided with the prescription, internet searches show this is considered rare (1%).
I 'm no stranger to antibiotics. I 've taken many different kinds. I 've had side effects to them all, but Cipro was absolutely the worst. I was prescribed 500 mg twice daily for a kidney infection (klebsiella). I could not get passed 3 days. My tendons and joints hurt so bad. I can barely walk as of this morning. I 'm terrified it may be permanent. It worked against the infection, but destroyed my joints. Please, get a urine culture and see what antibiotics your bacteria will respond to and choose anything but Cipro or any other fluoroqinolones. These side effects can be permanent, or at least last a long time, maybe even a year!
I am prediabetic.  My Doctor started me on Tanzeum and so far I have been nothing but sick! Body aches, diarrhea, and vomiting for 6 days and counting!
Horrible and vile tasting. Who thought this was better? No thanks. Gagged and finally forced down bottle one.  Very effective laxative but the taste is nauseating!!! Will refuse this next time.
I started birth control because I was sexually active. I started using Ortho Tri Cyclen, but 2 years after using, I began having very bad Cystic Acne. At this point I was no longer sexually active but needed a bc to help my acne problem. My doctor recommended Yaz and my pharmacy gave my Loryna because it was in my insurance budget. After 2 months of taking this pill consistently, my acne stayed the same, I also started to experience stomach discomfort and bad migraines atleast 2x a week. Now on the 3rd month, my acne is the worst it 's ever been, same with my migraines. I also have gained 11lbs since the first month I started Loryna (&amp; I 'm a VERY active person). It is very discouraging. Any advice?
It made me cognitively impaired, numb,  have headaches and caused weight gain. Plus no energy.
Gave me hives so couldn 't take for long. No good for me!!
I started the Dymista to fight allergies and the next two days I was dragging and begging to fall asleep. I thought &quot;I must be fighting a cold!&quot; Nope. Just looked it up and read the reviews. The biggest side effect is drowsiness. Ugh. So annoyed that I just used, then thought to look it up. Thanksgiving is at my house tomorrow and I 'll be nodding off for my family. I also have very limited taste and smell.
For Bipolar . This medicine was Very Dangerous to me. Within the first 2 weeks of being on 30 mg twice a day, I had 2 Seizures. Never have had a seizure in my 45 years of living. Had very bad hallucinations Rapid eye movement during the day, and was worse after any caffeine or cigarette. Had an episode while driving and could not control my actions, went off the road, thru a ditch and into a tree. 2 Fractured Vertabrae, many bruises, concussion. Stopped taking this drug. Thankfully I didn 't kill anyone or myself. Finally 2 weeks after I stopped taking, I am finally getting a clear head. But still in Pain from the accident! Would NOT Recommend this Junk for anyone!!
Abreva sucks.  It is very expensive and never helps. The only thing that works is valtrex
Hadn 't had a bowel movement in 4 days. Took 2 Dulcolax laxative pills at 10 pm with a full glass of water. Box said it should start working within 12 hours at the latest. When i woke up in the AM, nothing. Had breakfast. Later, at 10 am, it began!  Crazy painful cramps that had me doubled over in pain, explosive, non-stop diaharrea - completely unexpected. I thought that was the end of it... it had to be, because I  was empty!  Then, about 2 hours later, had a snack. More cramps and diaharrea. I thought I was done again. An hour later, another snack. More cramps and diaharrea again! All day long, everything that went in me came right out of me 10 minutes later. Never again!!!!
I don 't know if I need a higher dosage or what, but it doesn 't help me very well.
I took invokana for almost a year...kept a yeast infection and I now have bald spots in my hair. Yes I lost weight, but the side effects were too much for me... got off the medicine and gained all the weight back. I will stick to metfomin.
I 've had my implant in since March of 2013, I 'm on my second implant now and I as well have nothing good to say about the implant. I bleed constantly, am in a depressed or irritated mood all the time, and when I am in a good mood it never lasts more than a few hours because my mood swings are so horrible.
Can not stand this b.c. I 've had for over a year now, and at first I had no bleeding, no weight gain, now I 'm gaining weight like crazy, and have been on period for around 2 months, and unlike most people it 's a full blown period, with cramps! It seems that everytime I actually can have sex, we do it once and the bleeding starts again. Can 't wait to get it taken out!
Using for 3rd day the burning is so intense its not worth it DO NOT USE!!!!! Will be contacting the company for a full refund tomorrow I 'm dying in bed right now!!! 
Can the burn  get any worse! as I start on day 3 of Monistat 7. The only relief came from reading the tales of my fallen comrades. Good luck to all those who unknowingly enter into Satan 's bed as I did.
I 've been taking Sronyx for 2 weeks. Previously, I took Generess for 4 years. Loved it. Stopped because insurance will only cover the new generic version and it caused irregular periods for me.The purpose for taking BC/Sronyx is to shorten and lighten my periods because of my anemia. So far, I have experienced the following side effects:- Bloat/Weight gain (4 lbs)- Moodiness/Irritability (severe)- Acne (I 've NEVER had acne issues until now!)- Chest/side neck pain- Breast Swelling/Tenderness (for some reason my right breast hurts more often)- Scalp/skin itchiness- Trouble wearing contacts (dry eyes, mild burning sensation at times)Overall: I do not recommend this BC. My body doesn 't like it at all. Looking to switch immediately.
I had the nexplanon implanted and everything was fine then 9 months later it started making me dizzy and passing out along with chest pain it almost put me in the hospital I would not recommend this to anyone.
I read a lot of the comments and did not find any like my experiences when I took the stuff two days ago for my colonoscopy yesterday.  I found the taste mildly offensive the first dose but the texture of the solution seemed slimy which I cannot tolerate.  Within ten minutes, I had very severe, uncontrollable shaking--way, way past trembling.  I really thought I was going to die and I live alone.  Could not walk, could not hold anything--it was awful.  Subsided in about fifteen very long minutes and about an hour later, after the four cups of water, had some action which lasted about two hours.  The first dose was at 9 PM. The second dose was at 3  AM and I had the same violent shaking again (could not finish the dose).  Never again!
I started Humira injectable twice a week in conjunction with Methrotexate and Mobic since March of this year with no side effects, but no felt benefits either. I had to stop due to surgery and restarted once weekly three weeks ago and been having severe joint pain since I restarted Humira requiring a short course of cortisone. Resume Mobic a week ago. Joint pain continues and just haven 't felt myself since I started Humira. The pain wakes me up at night and I am just miserable. This is no quality of life. Thank you all for sharing your experiences, it is a comfort to know other people understand your symptoms and that you are not alone! I don 't think this is the best medicine for me. :(
I didn 't like paxil AT ALL! This really made me feel like crap, and made my anxiety depression and really dark thoughts worse, trying to get off of it was also rough.
No relief of voices. I rarely have visual hallucinations anyway. Very bad menstrual irregularity and some dry mouth. Had to quit taking it.
I had 2 days on this drug for long term insomnia. Side effects were horrible. Walking around in a fog beyond dense. Can barely function. Much rather not sleep.
I took Bonine for sea sickness prevention. In the middle of the night, I had a seizure and was hospitalized for one day.
Prescribed Levaquin for 5 days. 5 to 10 days after completing medication, which killed the pneumonia, I started to have joint pain. Now, over two months after taking this medication I am pretty much disabled. I have what is now called Fluoroquinolone induced tendonapathy in my shoulders, elbows, wrists, hips, knees and ankles. I also suffer from neurological changes that effect my sense of touch and I feel like I am suffering from mild electric shocks all over my body. I wish I would not have been given this antibiotic. It has slowly destroyed my quality of life.
I have given this to my mother for cognitive help due to Alzheimer 's and she has had nothing but challenges, she can 't formulate sentences, she 's confused, hallucinating.  After only 5 days I took her off.    She had previously tried Aricept but had the same reaction.  I know they are the same family so it wasn 't a surprise.  Now I am frightened of all the drugs.
I was prescribed this by my doctor and it was terrible. I stopped taking it after 5 days because my doctor told me to. It made me angry all the time. It did not help my concentration. Also, 3 days after taking it I still have shortness of breathe, my heart is still beating hard, and the left part of my chest has immense pressure on it. I 'm never taking this stuff again. Trust me, nobody needs it.
Not every effective. Too expensive
Ok, am I bad? - I have been on it for over a month with no results (or side effects or anything)... then I realized it 's a twice a day pill. Oops! Today is day one of taking them twice a day. I 'm 36, 250lbs and need to get back down to 170. It 's gonna be a long road but I 'm getting married soon and refuse to buy a plus-size wedding dress!!! We can do this!!!!
Horrifying. Gave me side effects that mimicked a stroke. Lost my ability to write or make sense of computer keyboards and phone dialpads. Drooling, stuttering, slurring, walking sideways, walking into walls. A nightmare from hell.
Four kids and myself all infested. Used Sklice. Nurse practioner said I didn 'thave to comb out nits. The directions said do not comb out nits. Needless to say this DID not work. I have tried OTC did not work. I have gone to a lice clinic and used their home products. Still waiting for results. Keeping my fingers crossed.
I started taking Pristiq yesterday. Immediate nausea and tired, been up since 1am. Hope this medicine works because everything and everyone has been getting on my nerves. Even my grand kids which is not normal for me because they are my life. Do not take anything else with Pristiq. Maybe I can give a higher rating in a couple of weeks.
October 2008, I got my Implanon in. Since then, I have gained over 40 pounds! I have no sex drive. But it does it 's job so... oh and I 'm moody.
Have trouble tolerating cholesterol meds so my doctor gave me a sample of Livalo.  The first day I took this drug I felt like I had consumed vast quantities of caffeine.  I slept poorly, felt depressed, and even had the shakes.  I really wanted to find a medication to reduce my cholesterol but the side effects of Livalo were just too prohibitive.  It is also very expensive.  Even with insurance, a 3-month supply was $125 and my insurance would not accept the drug manufacturer 's coupon.
Have had severe muscle pain in my upper thighs that lasts for 3 or 4 days after taking my monthly dose. Also have heartburn.
I never have done a drug review in my life, so I am literally doing this because I want other people to know how horrible this is. Started getting symptoms of a YI so I wanted to take the easy way out and got the 3 day cream. Within SECONDS of inserting the cream my vagina was burning SEVERELY. I tried to wait it out and see if it would subside but I couldn 't take it anymore so I went in the shower and tried to wash as much out as I could. Needless to say, it 's 1:15 am (work at 8) and still burning and irritated. The one thing that helped a little was using the &quot;comfort wipes&quot; that comes with the cream. DO NOT USE THIS STUFF !!!!!!!
I haven 't taken any BC in 5 years since the birth of my daughter. Before that I was on ortho tri-cyclen which was great and I never had any symptoms. My doc recommended Reclipsen since it 's the same amount of hormones each day and the other one I mentioned has different hormone levels each week. I 've been on this pill a total of 2 weeks and I feel nauseous, no appetite, exhausted, stomach cramps, boobs are sore, and weak. I get a weird chest pain sometimes and my anxiety is crazy high. I also feel so moody. Everything bothers me and sometimes I feel like I can 't breathe. My face has been breaking out more than when I wasn 't taking the pill. I AM NOT TAKING THIS PILL ANYMORE ! I barely feel bad side affects like this with medications.
Absolutely terrible!!! I 've been on many oral birth control pills and this is one of the worst. My mood swings are so intense, zero sex drive, and I am snapping over little things. I am switching back to gildess fe ASAP!!! 10000% better
Took 3 tablets at 11,  woke up at 3am with extreme abdominal pain.  Ran to toilet and remained there for 1.5 hours writhing in pain with diarrhea and vomiting.  Had to call in sick to work and am still feeling unwell nearly 24 hrs later.  Throwing out the rest of the packet.
Mold, grass, oak, ash, cedar all give me fits (mold in particular).  Two meds control it all effectively (Clarinex -- brand name only -- and Veramyst) but formularies from the Govt took them away.  I 'd hoped Azelastine would work for me.  If continued allergies, burning nasal passages, headaches, constant dripping nose and runny eyes are the intended outcome, then ....  So, I 'm headed back to my allergist (EENT) to try something else.
I 'm writing this from a hospital bed. Got a severe yeast infection within the first week, that turned into a worse infection.  I was almost septic, still won 't know if I have to have surgery.
This is what happen to me. On September 8th I used Bydureon Pen for the first time. Injection site use close to navel area as instructed. Produced one large bump that never went away. It is tender and can 't sleep on stomach anymore. Have problems walking because it is too tender. Now will need operation to remove bump. Injection-site reactions. Serious injection-site reactions, with or without bumps (nodules), have happened in some people who use bydureon. Some of these injection-site reactions have required surgery. Call your healthcare provider if you have any symptoms of injection-site reactions, including severe pain, swelling, blisters, an open wound, or a dark scab.Don 't use this medication.
I 've been on Buspirone for about six months for anxiety. I take 10 mg twice a day. It has done absolutely nothing for me. I might as well be taking a sugar pill.
I took Alupent for years.  Worked okay but drug was discontinued because manufactured wouldn 't convert to new propellant in April of  '09.  Got prescription for Albuterol and within days was in hospital with acute bronchospasm.  Every treatment the hospital gave me with Oxygen and Albuterol caused my lungs to shut down.  This is apparently rare, but if it isn 't working for you, yell, loudly. I am currently on Maxair - works okay.
Did not get pregnant so it did its job but other than that my body does not like this pill. Maintained normal weight during use, in fact lost weight. Broke out with painful zits occasionally. Extremely moody. Mood swings were the worst I have ever experienced on any birth control I have ever taken. Started fights out of nowhere with boyfriend and almost ended our relationship. Took 4 months for me to realize that this was the cause so I am switching back to Lutera. 
I 'm not sure what 's causing the abnormal bleeding but been on period for 20 days. Stopped period one day and now bleeding again, this has never happened to me before when using any other birth control.
Took 1 pill (150mg) and a few days later got terrible abdominal pain, testicular pain, headache and dizziness.3 weeks later, I still have dizziness and minor testicular pain and swelling. The side effects are worse than the original symptoms. I would avoid this drug. It should not be over the counter and should be prescription only.
Long story short--left hospital in continual pain labelled as anxiety only to return two days later. They found the clot thanks to CT with contrast. Had no problems with Lovenox at the hospital but during treatment someone decides to put me on Xarelto. I 've been sick every day--felt as if I 'm dying. Pleaded with hospital to switch medications now labeled a drug seeker--for seeking a different blood thinner? Pleaded with doctors and PCP &amp; they 're sticking with the Xarelto. I have a visible rash on my face &amp; excruciating pain in limbs and back. After Spitting up blood &amp; swollen tongue, discontinued. Tossed the medication. Was told to start back on the Xarelto. The problem isn 't Xarelto. It 's the doctors who refuse to listen to their patients.
I have suffered with hyperemesis with all my pregnancies. Its a horrible feeling not to be able to function at all. Zofran has worked wonders thru an IV while at the ER. I 've had it many many times and its worked. HOWEVER the tablets do not work for me. They have never worked. For me they make matters worse and make me feel more nauseous, they give me a horrible headache and backpains. Im glad its helped others but it doesn 't help me.
If you cut back on the dosage you risk the chance of having seizures, even taking as prescribed over a long period of time because of the tolerance buildup. I have been in re-hab 4 times trying to get off of xanax. They give you valium, librium or ativan so you don&rsquo;t have a seizure and then lower that dosage over 7-15 days and release you. But 3-7 days later your symptoms are going to be so bad it will drive you back to xanax which now you will probably have to buy on the street because they&rsquo;re widely available unlike valium.
I have took it four days ago. Doctors orders. Not working. I have major pain in my lower back when I have to go and then it goes away after a bowel movement. This has been  going on for a couple of months. The pain use to last five minutes...now it last longer.  I can 't stand up straight when I have this pain.
Severe weight gain - 20lbs, worse acne, headaches daily, mood swings, anxiety and starving all of the time! I had previously been on Trisprintec and will be switching back to it.
I was accidentally put on Yaz when I was supposed to be on Yasmin back in July 2008. I just decided to stick it out and see if there was a difference. The 10 microgram difference in dosage made a HUGE difference. (Yasmin 30 microgram, Yaz 20 microgram) From July 2008 to January 2009, (the time I was on Yaz) it was completely miserable. I had constant nausea, would feel sick eating anything with lactose, had mood swings that almost cost me my relationship, unbearable headaches and at times I had sharp shooting back pain. I felt completely unmotivated and it had a negative effect on my school life. Once I switched back to the 30 microgram dosage, (Ocella) the side effects decreased dramatically.
On Lithium everything felt muffled. It also took a large dosage to get to therapeutic level and then I had allergic reactions to it, vomiting, tremors, disorientation, etc. If it works for you, apparently from others I 've talked to, it really does; if it doesn 't it really doesn 't.
It 's a complete contradiction, on one hand it 'll make you go for sure, till it 's running down your legs in the middle of the night. On the other hand it only works as a fast acting medication. So you get to go thru the cramping, sweating, irritation, withdrawals and panic every time you want to go. I took my second pill a few weeks ago and posted the effects here. I haven 't taken anymore but am still having all of these side effects every time I have to go.???? I thought I would be over all this by now. I 'm miserable along with sleeping legs.....
I was only on the pack for one month and had to stop as soon as I started the second one. During the sugar pill week, I had severe migraines which is something I never get. Those continued and then nausea was added to it. I threw up the other day and it looked as if I didn 't digest any of my food from that day. This is definitely just a personal experience, but I am also definitely going off this pill asap. I got my period for 6 days so I 'm definitely not pregnant. (Also took two pregnancy tests as an extra test) If you 're looking for a pill, I would try a different brand.
Took 30 mg nightly. Most effective atypical I 've tried. Cured psychosis after 2 months, significantly helped mood swings (from rapid-cycling BP 1), somewhat beneficial for severe insomnia. Intolerable side effects, so was forced to stop Zyprexa. The drug caused paralysis in my legs, partial blindness, daily seizures, severe mental impairment (couldn 't remember ATM PIN for 3 weeks!), gained 40 lbs despite strict diet. Off of the drug, lost weight, mental impairment improved, but significant neuromuscular damage. If your body can tolerate it, a fantastic drug. But be warned...Zyprexa can cause permanent damage to your body and mind.
I requested this medication from my PCP for some mild-moderate anxiety.  I heard wonderful things about it and didn 't think twice when I started taking it. I took it for about a week and it was the worst experience of my life.  I had tremors, insomnia, couldn 't eat, spasms, restless but didn 't want to do anything.  I wasn 't depressed in the least prior to starting this medication but after the second dose I felt a depressed.. it was unbearable.  I was then prescribed Prozac and had a similar reaction. I lost 15lbs in 3 weeks. 
Day 1-2 sweet metallic taste in the mouth after taking the drugDay 3: Sweet metallic taste in the mouthSome extra production of salivaFeeling very tired and sleepy in the 2nd half of the dayReduced appetite Day 4:Feel great in the morningSweet metallic tasteIrritated tongueExcessive production of saliva Mild headacheWeaknessBlack stools multiple times a day and at nightRinging in the earsReduced appetite Day 5:Sweet metallic taste that doesn 't go awayTongue hurtsMild headacheFeeling weak and sleepyBlack stools, many timesRinging in the earsNo appetite Slight dizziness Blurred visionExcessive production of salivaVomiting several times 15-30 min after the 3rd dozeChillsHeart palpitations Cramp
GOODBYE SEX DRIVE! -.- Besides my sex drive dropping from over 9000 to 0, this did nothing to help my depression. I was upped to the 60mg. I can 't wait for my next doctors appt. I want OFF of this &quot;anti-depressant&quot; that doesn 't do anything but make me more annoyed than usual, killed my drive, and I still have crying spells. There has got to be something out there that can get along with my body. If you love/enjoy your sex life, DO NOT take this drug.
Had my first mastectomy in 2002.  Had my second in 2015.  My oncologist put me on Anestrozole.  The hot flashes were unbearable, but are residing after a year on the med.  Unfortunately now my feet are so painful to walk on I 'm thinking that I would rather take my chances than deal with the pain in my feet.  Having trouble with knee pain and every time I sit for more than one hour, I feel like I am 90.  Hands ache and am too tired to get up and exercise. Is it really worth it?  How much difference in reoccurrence does this give me now that I have had a double mastectomy?
I had the Nexplanon implant because I needed something very reliable. I loved the idea of not having to take a pill every day but quickly changed my mind after getting it. I got it on Sept. 18, 2015 and it is now Nov. 19. These last two months have been terrible. Right after getting it, I got a bad yeast infection. Then, once I got rid of that, I started the period from Hell on Oct.8th that is STILL going. It started VERY heavy, with terrible cramping and then went back and forth between light spotting and mild bleeding but still hasn 't stopped completely. Now I have stitches in my arm where the implant used to be. I would NOT recommend this birth control.
I was so excited to try this medication, because I always watch my diet, count calories, and exercise regularly but my metabolism is awful and I can never drop weight. After a discount card I paid $111 for it. After a week on the medication, I feel awful. I have GAINED 4 pounds. My head feels foggy all the time, energy is low, my stomach has an acid reflux type feeling and my appetite feels increased where I am eating everything in sight and craving sweets...stopping this medication today.
Felt suddenly spaced-out, sat down at my work  desk and passed out. Luckily I was already in a hospital.  A friend took this med and also passed out.  She wasn 't so lucky. She fell and suffered a concussion.
Day 3 out of 10 on this medication and the whole time I feel nausea my heart feels like it 's going to pop out of my chest and I feel like I can 't breath properly what a nightmare
I personally didn 't like this medication as it made me so sick I couldn 't eat lost weight and generally felt weak due lack of energy from not eating. Although my GP told me this was a rare occurrence as the side effects generally stop after a couple of days after weeks they didn 't. Still looking for a medication that suits me personally. Glad it has been effective so many others
I was on Fentynal  patches for year and a half @ 75 mcg.  I was needing a little more pain relief so the doctor was going to switch me to Butrans insurance wouldn 't pay so he decided Belbuca.  I 've currently been on it for almost 2 weeks I can 't sleep more than an hour a day I have a massive headache all the time and my skin crawls like there 's bugs under it almost .  I 've talk to the doctor he will not listen it 's not controlling the pain it wears off for hours before the next dose I can 't hold food down and I have no desire to drink anything either.
It worked for me at first but after a while it doesn 't.
I was automatically switched to Tri Sprintec as the new preferred generic at my pharmacy (I was taking Trinessa). I have never had such awful migraines or nausea in my life. My fiance finally pushed me to call the pharmacy and get my old pill back. It 's been a huge fiasco but I 'd rather be off the pill than take Tri Sprintec any longer.
I very nearly died when taking this drug. I became confused, had difficulty standing up from a chair, felt dizzy and uncoordinated and worst of all, at night, when I could hear my heart beat, I noted that my heart stopped for about 6 beats before jump- starting again. I told my kidney specialist about the symptoms - and he gave me an IQ test as he thought I had Alzeimers! I was very confused but I managed a high score on the test. He still did not link my symptoms to Atenolol but one day at the dialysis centre my heart rate  was so low I had to be rushed by ambulance into Resus at the hospital. Adrenaline was injected as by that time my heart rate was only 7 beats a minute. I was taken immediately in to theatre where a pacemaker was inserted.
Had beautiful results on a different once-weekly but insurance company decided I needed to be shaken around, I guess, and will only cover Bydureon. Not nice. But I 'm here looking for some encouragement that it will get better with time. Just started 3rd week and experiencing the following:Spiking sugars around 300, Elevated morning sugars 180-200, Unearthly hunger - all day. Feeling low sugar symptoms (hunger, shakes, sweats, vision disturbances) but readings of 170-180, Weight gain.No problems with injections or injection sites as I was told to expect. But the constant low sugar sensations is turning me into a recluse as I can 't drive myself anywhere and I am very reluctant to go for walks or engage in any increased exercise.
I was put on the Nexplanon after forgetting to renew my depo shot several times. On Depo-Provera I never bled and was extremely excited to try the Nexplanon. It has been 5 months and I am ready to tear it out of my arm myself. I have bled constantly, and heavily, for almost all 5 months save for one week in September and one in December. Normally my periods lasted 3 days with light flow. Now I am constantly bleeding through my tampons within the first 3-4 hours and cannot trust myself to not wear a tampon when it seems it have stopped lest I wake up with ruined clothes and sheets.
I started taking norethisterone 3 days ago. I was on cerezette for 2 years and after a year of not bleeding the flood gates opened so to stop the break through bleeding they gave me the norethisterone to take 3 a day for 10 days. It 's not working and is definitely making it worse, I 'm also more tired, irritable, my skin feels dry and itchy and so on. Unfortunately it 's Saturday and I won 't be able to see my GP until Monday but in definitely going to be coming off these pills for sure. I don 't recommend these pills and hope they can stop my bleeding some how. I 'm allergic to tranxamic acid.If only men had to suffer as much us ladies...
Worthless! Dont waste your money.
I 've been on this birthcontrol for 3 weeks and I feel sick all the time and nausea after I eat. I have had spotting for 2 weeks nonstop and I have not felt like myself since taking this. I also was very bloated the second week after taking Estarylla. I 've been very anxious and feel fatigued and have no appetite at all. Do not take this birthcontrol I 'm not sure how good it works with preventing pregnancy but it 's definitely not worth all the side effects that come with it.
My husband was taking this and was eating late at night, getting on the computer, and doing other things and having no memory of it the day after. He felt drugged when he took it. I don 't recommend it to anyone.
Saw my Dr on Thursday he suggested this drug for my anxiety issues that have came up the last few months.day 1 very sick anxiety through roofAll day never stopped in a weird daze could focus on anythingDay 2 scared to take another ate cereal put off all day had anxiety took it at 4 pm within hour hot flashes cold hands and sweaty cold feet rubbing legs rocking back and forth unaware of surroundings stood up fell to floor panick attack called pharmacy asked if safe to take Ativan slept 4 hrs then awake day 3 gagging at smell of food stomach sore anxiety still there..Called dr. Said stop taking took all day But I believe anxiety is lower Wants me to try sister drug I don 't think I can do this again... Any thoughts?
Helped in the beginning but acne came back with a vengence in a month or so.  I kept trying it along with the entire protocol which did not help at all.  
I hated this more than anything. Old style daily pill birth control made me throw up constantly, but at least I didn 't gain weight or bleed constantly. This has made my life inexorably worse. 1) Your hormones will continue to cycle, including constantly being in PMS while you bleed every other week at some points.2) You may gain weight. I work out and still gained 10 pounds.3) While gaining weight, I feel almost constantly nauseous. If my doctor doesn 't take this out on my next visit, I will cut it out in my own kitchen. I have never been so miserable on a medication and it is absolutely not worth the gamble unless you always respond beautifully to medication. If you 've had side effects from other birth control in the past, don 't do it
Broke me out in a horrendous rash (apparently I am allergic to sulfa drugs) and had to take a steroid for 5 days to get rid of it. And still had the UTI infection on top of it
Took it for about 2 months. Lost my voice, perpetual sore throat, major sinus issues. I haven 't taken it for months and can 't shake the burning in my throat. I have to go to an ENT. Not a safe drug
I took this pills for 8 months and once I stopped taking it, acne suddenly became my biggest problem and half year later, I was diagnosed as PCOS and my doctor told me that I had to take birth control pills again! It is really tricky that a med used for curing an illness seemed the one that also lead me to this illness( My period was very regular in the past ten years before I took this pills) .  I switch to other brands anyway.
I 've been on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about 6 years with no issues. My pharmacy gave me this generic and I was not thrilled but decided to try it since it was covered by my plan. I started spotting as soon as I started the new pack and kept going through the month. I 'm at the end of week three and have been using tampons because I was having enough breakthrough bleeding to require it. It 's Friday, I 'm supposed to start placebo pills Sunday and would usually start my period the following Tuesday. I 've had breakthrough bleeding plus more for the whole month. This sucks!
I am dying.  I am burning and it feels like ants are eating me.  I just sat on the toilet trying to push it out and took a shower to see if I could get more out that way, but only a little relief is happening.  Now currently in bed with a cold rag.
I 've been taking this birth control for about 4 months now, but I already want to switch. My main reason for taking birth control was to help regulate my period and lessen the extreme PMS symptoms I get (acne, super painful cramps, mood swings, etc.) although my period is now regulated, I still experience all the PMS symptoms I had before, and they feel worse. I have mood swings where I 'm left crying in my bed for hours and acne that covers my forehead and cheeks every time I 'm nearing my period. Although I can 't speak on wether or not this works as birth control, I don 't think this pill is worth it at all.
I get UTIs pretty frequently, so as soon as I felt the symptoms coming on I went to an urgent care.  The first day of macrobid I got a headache. The second day I had severe headache, body aches, weakness and malaise.  However, I thought it was just my illness, because I have never had an experience like this with medication before.  Day 3, I am in hell and sicker than a dog. Severe headache, nausea, light headed, weak, fatigued. I called in for Bactrim.  DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION. I get that not everyone has this reaction, but the risk is not worth it to me.
Took Trilipix for 2 months caused hair loss, joint pain, muscle aches, and even slowed down body hair growth.
On my 3rd pack, been having light/heavy bleeding since the start of the 2nd pack. I guess I can 't really get pregnant if I can 't have sex
I took this pill 2 days ago. I have been sick ever since. I have an awful headache,  constantly feel like throwing up &amp; I 'm itchy. Stick to the cream, I have never had a reaction to any medications so thought this would be fine. Don 't risk it!
I have been taken morphine for my pain,  80 mg twice a day, and Norco for break thru pain.  My doctor and I agreed to try Hysinglaer. It worked fine for 2 days, then on day 3, I started to have abdominal pain which spread down to my original pain. Day 4, it got worse, I called Perdue and talked to their pharmacist. He confirmed that abdominal pain is one of the side effects but could not tell me of how long it would last.  Day 5, it got worst, I had to take Norco to ease the pain and slept most of the day.  It is an expensive drug,  my copay on 120 MG was $475.
Latuda didn 't even come close to touching my bipolar depression. I kept waiting and waiting for it to work, but nothing happened. I ended up having a horrible depressive episode that almost got me hospitalized. Plus, I had to eat a 350 calorie snack with it, which was always difficult to figure out. On top of that, it would knock me out every night, which would be considered nice...if it didn 't knock me out at 7-8pm.
Took Dilantin for several years, since the 1980 's. Now it 's apparent I have a secondary disability of Osteoporosis after seeing a endocrinologist and having a bone density test done. My doctor says it is likely due to the regular use of epileptic medicines with Dilantin being the most  likely source.
Lithium only worked for a short time then killed my thyroid. So now I have to have regular blood work and have to take thyroid medicine for the rest of my life. It would make me feel toxic. Harsh drug.
I was prescribed the generic form of Prozac and at 2.5 weeks, my depression became more severe. I began feeling hopeless. Worse I have felt in a very long time. I 'm glad to hear that most people find improvement, but wanted to share my experience
The worst of 32 tried over the past 41 years.
At first this medicine worked, but then I began experiencing severe migraines and so my doctor modified the pills to best suit me. Which worked out better for about 2 months, now I 've back to having severe cramps,migraines,heavy bleeding,depression,and anxiety. I wouldn 't recommend this medication.
I was given vistairl for pain soon after a neck fusion.  The surgeon refused to believe that I was in such severe pain after he &quot;fixed&quot; me.  Within hours of taking the medication I was in a deep fog.  I could not concentrate or think clearly.  This medicine also made my legs ache and I could not sleep until this medication was out of my system.
The taste of this prep is absolutly terrible.  There is no way to hide it or disguse it.  THe ONLY helpful approach I found was chasing it with apple juice.  Not sure how I did it.  I am sick after drinking it.  And , to think THIS is the easiest prep on the market!!
Had implanon in for 4-5 months, my first hormone contraceptive. Bled consistently, became bloated overall, veins thicker, more visible, put on clotting medication for 1 month to help bleeding, ended up with a haemorrhoid the size of a golf ball. Worst part was the psychiatric illness that evolved/worsened from time of insertion. Developed/diagnosed severe OCD, severe physical generalised anxiety disorder and major depressive disorder. Had it taken out and was on nothing for 3 weeks to &quot;clean&quot; my system. Not long enough. Mental issues did not go away. 2 antidepressants that didn 't work, valium, antipsychotics, hypnotherapy, psychology, psychiatry, recent trip to the hospital for suicide prevention and I am still suffering now 5 months later
This is the worstPreviously I 've used the pill (multiple forms) since I became sexually active and while I didn 't love having to take it every day, the side effects were minimal.After having my first child, I had my Nexplanon inserted, thinking it sounded like a great, long term solution to contraception. I knew at first there would be side effects, and they did clear up within a few months. However, the longer I had it in, the worse things got. It 's been nearly 2 years now and I have major depression, almost constant bleeding and mood swings I 'd almost describe as mania. I experience acne which I 've never had to deal with before, my smell  'down there ' has changed (no infection or anything) and my sex drive is ZERO. I 'm getting it taken out!
#1 it gave me acne. #2 I GAINED so much weight in such a short period of time #3 it made me beyond emotional, I hated everyone/everything, I wouldn 't smile &amp; I was on the verge of thinking I am bi polar at times.  If your doctor EVER! prescribes this to you.... RUN! Long story short.. I HAD A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE.
I got the skyla in April of 2015, it was extremely painful experience and really uncomfortable. I 've always had really bad cramps so the doctor suggested this because it can lessen cramps and I didn 't have to remember to take something everyday. I am about 6 months in and I 've had extreme cramping every time for two weeks. They come on in attacks. The bleeding is a lot lighter and it 's pretty effective. But it 's almost not worth the pain.
Too expensive for fixed income patients. Classified as a tier 3 drug.
I have had severe Fibromyalgia for years.  Was so excited when they finally came out with Lyrica because it was &quot;supposed&quot; to help with the nerve pain involved.  When I first started the pain I was in was about a 9 out of 10 in intensity.  After a year of being on the Lyrica it might have gone to a 7 or 8 but it caused me to put on about 40 lbs, my skin changed, and caused a lot of other side effects.  I finally told my doctor it wasn 't worth all the side effects if it wasn 't going to help the pain.
Received dose at 11am, by 10pm that night I had fever,chills, severe pain in back. I was extremely ill for 3 days, such a severe headache I couldn 't open my eyes. A week later my hands suddenly swelled to the point I could not use them. Now nearly 3 months later I am in physical therapy to try to regain the strength in my legs. Other side effects were less severe, such as jaw pain for a few weeks. I would never ever take this medicine again.
I am on fire like I have poured acid up there. Same as everyone else crying and rolling in the bed. I had to wash this off and pray to fall asleep. This is in the garbage.
Having taken this vile, awful-tasting garbage growing up to treat my asthma, I would say it 's about as effective as a placebo. It did absolutely nothing for my asthmatic issues. If one can avoid taking this, all the better. 
I 've been using the DP for almost 2years. I was left with this choice due to being a migraine sufferer I could not take the pill &amp; was hospitalized from the iud with swollen tubes &amp; ovarian cysts &amp; abscesses (surgery to remove burst ones) &amp; a personal preference of not wanting the rod . Before using the DP my periods were pain free, very light &amp; lasted maybe 3 days Max. I had done my research &amp; read about breakthrough bleeding for up to a year &amp; thought &quot;better than being pregnant right&quot;, because in my mind I was imagining sporadic spotting. Not incessant bleeding of weird colours &amp; clots accompanied with constant stabbing pain. Gyno says continue with jab, take this, do that but I 've given up, I may be a rare case but I wouldn 't recommend
Tried Contrave for 10 weeks; did not lose 1 lb. Was part of the Scale Down program. Daily weighing did nothing to motivate me. In fact, because I lost nothing, it simply reminded me every day it wasn 't working
Due to Medicare requirements, I had to switch to Tikosyn when the Sotalol I 'd been on for years wasn 't working.  Cardiologist suggested an Ablation procedure but until I had tried the Tikosyn, Medicare wouldn 't approve the Ablation.  The Tikosyn neither brought me out of the A-fib as they hoped nor has kept me out of A-fib.  So to get the requirements all done, I have been in A-fib for approximately 2 months - unable to do much more than sit in a recliner all day - and I still have to wait another 2 weeks to be able to get the Ablation done.  My ankles and feet have started swelling, so looking at another 3.5 hour trip to my cardiologist due to that side effect of the drug.  Unimpressed!
DO NOT USE.  I noticed my symptoms during a holiday weekend, so I could not go to my doctor for a prescription of diflucan as I usually do.  I bought the Monistat...  This product made me feel worse after using it.  My poor vagina was burning and swollen after use.  I was sooo incredibly uncomfortable, that I could not sleep at all.  I woke up in the middle of the night and soaked in the bathtub with apple cider vinegar and water. I researched natural home remedies and ended up making a suppository with coconut oil and tea tree oil.  It helped soothe my poor vagina from the horrible burning and discomfort cause by the Monistat.  I will never use Monistat again..  Ever... Never...  Nope... NEVER!!!I wish I would have paid to go to urgent care instead of enduring this horrific experience.  Ladies, if you love or even remotely like your vagina, DO NOT use this product.  I would not recommend it to my worse enemy.
The next day after taking it, I began to have twitching in my hands and fingers, dizzy, could not walk a straight line and was extremely tired, sleeping 20 hours (I usually sleep 6 hours). After being taken off, after 3 days, most of my strength has returned, still a bit lightheaded. Apparently these effects affect 2% who take the medicine.  
My husband used the patch for the first time to a long plane ride to Vegas.  He had put on a total of three patches for the duration of our trip there.   Upon returning home, he removed the patch and within 24 hours became violently ill.   Six days later he has lost ten pounds and gets out of bed only to go to the bathroom.   I believe when this patch is dispensed the physician or pharmacy should red flag the drug as far  as side affects go.   My suggestion is to use with extreme caution.
My daughter suffered from depression and anxiety and had tried SSRIs. We thought this might help give her more energy and feel better since it affects dopamine. However, over the summer her anxiety got worse. At college her anxiety got even worse. She became paranoid and even started hearing voices. She ate very little and slept very little. She stopped going to classes and had suicidal thoughts. She called me and said she felt constantly &quot;jittery,&quot; so I told her to get off the drug. Basically, it increased her energy and made her mood much worse. I don 't recommend this for someone who suffers from anxiety since it affects norepinephrine - the fight or flight response.
This pill is a nightmare. I have been on this pill for ten months and I officially go off in 7 days and that can 't come any sooner. I don 't even know where to start with all the horrible things this pill caused me. I didn 't start getting all these issues until six months into the pill. I got extremely extremely bad anxiety. I have been in a constant state of anxiety for the past five months. I am also extremely depressed. Due to this pill. I developed sleep paralysis and insomnia due to this pill. I am a comepletely different person then I was ten months ago. This pill ruined my life. My memory also got extremely bad on this pill as well. This pill literally has caused my life to spiral out of control.
I have degenerative disc disease from my neck down and chronic daily headaches. I have been put on this several times over the past 4 years but even taking 100mg 4 times a day it did not help.
My doctor started me on Paxil when I was 6 months pregnant. It made me emotionally numb. I kept taking it for about 3 years because the side effects of missing a dose were unbearable. I had to have the dose increased and eventually was on the highest dose and Xanax was added. I gained weight, was always tired, had a decreased sex drive and I couldn 't cry when I needed to. I attempted to stop taking it 5 times before I was successful. I had horrible withdrawals for two months... sensitivity to light, nausea, a jolting sensation through my head and arms and uncontrollable crying. It was worth it. I am now taking Zoloft and finally feel normal. I lost the weight I gained while I was on Paxil and I cry when I need to.
I have been taking this medicine 24mcg once a day for a week now. Nothing has happened yet. I drink 1 to 2 quarts of water a day, on the fodmap diet, eat tofu, fresh fruits and fresh vegetables. Also eat a lot of chicken. I have had no luck so far. I have left 3 messages with my doctors nurse and no call backs yet. I feel bloated, full of gas and feel miserable. So I am stuck taking laxatives, Epson salt enema 's or citrate mag (awful tasting stuff ever) then feeling sick all the next day with upset tummy and sitting on the throne off and on all day. I clean myself out about every 3 to 4 days because I feel miserable and sluggish and it starts all over again after cleaning myself out. I have had this IBS-C for about 20yrs now. It ruins my life!
Do not take this depo provera shot.  I have not stop bleeding and I  took one shot gained 4 pounds because of the shot so I have stopped taking it  and now  I 'm bleeding and it won 't stop. It 's been going on for months now. I never had problems with my period until after I had the depo provera. Don 't take the shot you will  not maybe ever to have kids again. Bleeding doesn 't stop.   This shot should be discontinued and off the market.
I have been on the Depo shot since April 2010. I actually got it the day after giving birth to my daughter. I 've been spotting for a year now (and still is) I 've gained at least 30lbs, I have no sex drive, and I have lost about 3 inches of my hair. The only good thing is it does prevent pregnancy but that 's about it. Definitely switching to something else.
I was switched from Vagifem to Yuvafem by OptumRx and my vaginal atrophy worsened. I had heavy discharge and everything felt really uncomfortable down there, like I was having some sort of allergic reaction. I stopped using it and my symptoms got a little better. So I talked to my doctor and asked her to specify no generic substitution on my prescription. The copay for Vagifem is higher, but it is really worth it to me. Vaginal atrophy is terrible and Vagifem is the one medication that has really helped me.
I 've been on this pill for about 3 months now. I suffer from PCOS so my periods are very irregular.. sometimes I miss 3-4 months straight. This pill hasn 't exactly given me a normal period. Its mostly just old blood (the brown stuff) and lasts about 3-4 days. It has made me feel nauseous; gain weight; and lots of acne which I never had before. It 's so upsetting. I will be changing to a different pill soon.
So I went on ability about a year to two years ago and it made me gain 50lbs in less than 6 months. A lot of my depression ties into my self worth and body image issues so gaining so much weight (A long with hundreds of stretch marks) definitely damaged my self worth and thus making my depression worse. Plus I didn 't feel like it made any difference in my life whether I took it or not. Worked for 2-4 weeks then quit working
absolutely horrendous - I don 't understand how anybody can take these drugs. All it did was put me in a fog and laid awake for hours on end. My doctor wanted me to try something besides Ambien, because it causes dependency - big deal - at least I can get some sleep. The only plus would be the cost - 13 cents for 30 pills. Not worth it though.
Pharmacy said this was the same as Endocet when they filled my prescription but gave me the Alvogen brand. This med gives me a after taste of aspirin which I have a reaction to. How can I get the Endocet brand back without looking like a drug seeker? 2 back surgeries in a year and a neck fusion. I 'm in so much pain.
Was started on this in the ER at time of diagnosis. After three days and only negligible improvement I returned to the ER. This time I was given an IV of Rocephin and by the end of the day I could see huge improvements. Not sure why they don 't culture and match the right drug.
On Wednesday,  June 28 I had a surgical procedure where &quot;CEFAZOLIN&quot; was administered via IV. My reaction was &quot;curse, swear, curse LOUDER&quot; as it felt like FIRE coursing through my veins!&quot; I also didn 't know that taking the prescription for &quot;CEPHALEXIN/750mg 2x/day&quot; for a 5 day course would result in a HORRIBLE RASH -left arm/right arm/all across my upper back... I DIDN 'T THINK this would happen, since I had been on [Cephalexin; similar drug @ a lower dose] it a few years ago.  I believe it &quot;could have been the IV ADMINISTRATION&quot; of the [related] CEFAZOLIN. I am EXTREMELY UNCOMFORTABLE  dealing with this &quot;ALLERGIC RASH REACTION&quot; that came on within 24 hrs of finishing the course, (Not Uncommon.)That 's my review. EVERYTHING isn 't FOR EVERYONE
Don 't use this 1 day stuff go to your doctor for the pill. My mistake thinking this medicine would work. My lady parts are burning and now I have extreme stabbing lower abdominal pain. Don 't buy this!!!
Usually buy the generic version but ran out and couldn 't find it, so bought this name brand one when the whole house had colds and sore throats,  it sucks - it only numbs it for about 2-5min the generic works 100 times better. I 'm mad I wasted my money. Lesson of the day stick with the generic when it comes to store bought cold medicines, same goes for dayquil or nyquil, they started taking the main ingredient that make them work out of the name brand ones because of stupid people abusing it, so now they don 't work.
These are absolutely horrible! I Literally took one tablet and they 've knocked me out for 3 days. I feel like an absolute zombie, can 't drive, can barely string a sentence together, and sleeping horribly. They 're making me have very weird vivid dreams and I wake up exhausted. I will never ever take these pills again.
I recently went through a medical detox from heroin and after 6 days when my vitals showed I was opiate free I was administered the Vivitrol shot which is pretty deep and painful in itself.  I experienced terrible symptoms like upset stomach, diarrhea, severe restlessness, muscle cramps and twitches, nausea, chills, fever, enlarged pupils, lazy eye, extreme irritableness, high anxiety, rapid heart rate, shakiness, and sleeplessness plus the sight where the shot was administered ached like an epidural. I ended up in the emergency room with an adverse reaction. I feel like death and can barely focus on my actual detox and life.  Next month when this shot is hopefully out of my system I will not get it again! At least I 'm off heroin!
I took this for only two weeks for menorrhagia and stopped immediately as soon as I realized I was having severe side effects. I had low blood pressure all my life (and I have taken other bcps before with no problem) and this pill spiked my blood pressure, and it never went all the way back down again. It also permanently changed my skin. My face has permanent uneven blotchy dark spots now that get worse whenever I get a tan. It has been over three years since I took this and I no longer take any hormones at all. I miss my nice even skin tone that would tan well so much!  I wrote this review to warn others. Read the insert! This bcp has a way higher risk of thrombosis and stroke than other pills! Monitor your blood pressure! Blotchy skin is permanent!
I have been taking Zoloft for two weeks now, I have noticed an increase in my appetite, I have had horrible mood swings (my poor children). I sleep all the time and have no energy, I feel dizzy and sick to my stomach all the time. 
Do yourself a huge favor and stay away from this pill. I read all the terrible reviews and still went for it. I was previously on Microgestion for 6 months, it did me wonderful. When it came time to get my new packs, Planned Parenthood supposedly didn 't carry it anymore. I was told Aubra was the exact same thing and wouldn 't affect me differently. What a lie that was. Two weeks into my pack and I got my period again for the month. Third week and I 'm having terrible cramps accompanied with more bleeding. My appetite has changed, I 'm not eating much. Grateful I haven 't experienced acne, mood changes, nausea or headaches. But don 't even wanna chance it. Contemplating if I should throw out the pack or finish and just drop. DON 'T RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!
My doctor prescribed Ilevro for me for my inflamed, dry eyes.  The first day or two I took this it seemed to work, but then my eyes started to get even more dry and inflamed.  One of the possible side effects is dry eye.  I also started to see flashes of light in my eyes and thought I was having a retinal detachment.  Vitreous detachment is one of the possible side effects of this medicine, which can lead to a retinal detachment.
Cleared up my urinary tract infection quickly but I had a severe reaction to the medication. High fever, profuse sweating, chills, blurred vision, muscle aches, skin sensitivity (it was uncomfortable to touch my skin), rash, tingling and burning in my hands and feet, racing heart, confusion. Most of these symptoms started on Day 2 of the 6 days I took it. I thought all of these symptoms with the exception of the rash were from flu. 
Was on another drug fentanyl for many years, was put on BUTRANS because tests never showed enough fentanyl in my blood from 2002 to 2016, with no abuse record. I would forget to put my patch on on time and was punished by my physician by being put on BUTRANS PATCH. it is not effective in the least, also it caused more problems when I went to ER in extreme pain for another matter it scared their drs from treating my pain at all because even though this a quote pain management drug, it is also a substance abuse control agent used in detoxing patients off of opioid narcotics, that means every dr you meet while BUTRANS is on your chart will not effectively treat you for,pain, youre likely not to be treated at all.
Not recommended at all.I didn 't get period for two months, but after that I was on my period for two weeks with lots of pain, it was annoying. I usually don 't have pain on my days, but during those two weeks, the bleeding and pain were horrible
This was not effective in reducing acid. Four days after stopping Nexium and starting Protonix the heartburn started and I had to take Gaviscon. I had a 3 month supply so I kept taking it and ended up with a swollen, painful esophagus and difficulty swallowing with vomiting. I stopped taking Nexium because my insurance no longer would cover it. 
I 've been freaking out recently, because I just don 't understand what 's going on down there or inside my body. I didn 't have a period for about 6 months, but then early this year I experienced some random spotting. The following month I had a full blown period but then pinky brown spotting that didn 't stop for months. I was in and out of the doctors insisting that there was something up, but I had several blood tests and a transvaginal ultra sound and all was clear other than one harmless cyst on my ovary, which the technician said most women have month by month but never know. I get brown spotting for about a week after my period every month and pain after orgasming. I can only assume this is the implant now as all tests show nothing...
I was getting the Patch from Qualitest Pharmaceuticals in Huntsville, Al. But for the last 2 months I have been getting than from Watson Laboratories in Salt Lake city, Utah. The ones from Watson are every thin and come off about 3 to 5 hours of me putting than on. And some time it take about 4 patches before one stays on. And the one from Qualitest only 1. I have call Watson with no help.
This is horrible. I switch from another birth control to hopefully fix my arousal issues. I 've been on it for 2 months and my period 80% of the time. I 'll have my period for 9 days then no period 3-4 days and then have my period for 9 days again. It 's been aweful. I also have horrible cramps now and I never use to have them. Not to mention it 's not helping with me and my partner having sex more because I 'm constantly riding the crimson wave
I do not recommend this shot to anyone! I have only had one injection. Had a period 3 weeks after getting the shot and period lasted 3 weeks. 3 weeks later I have my period again and it is going on 6 weeks now. Goes from dark brown blood to bright red blood. Light to heavy then back to light. I will NEVER get this again. I called my doctor and she said it is normal. Um bleeding nonstop for 6+ is not normal!!!!
It 's been an hour and a half, took recommended dosage, it 's done NOTHING.
I don 't think this drug is working for my depression, because I 'm sleeping more than usual.  
I don 't understand.. this pill is terrible.  I recently got married and have been taking this pill for about two weeks, and I 'm quitting immediately.  Tender breasts (which is not a big complaint), and also depression-like symptoms.  I 've read some people saying they were prescribed anti-depressants while taking this pill, which is absolutely ridiculous and no one should have to do that.  Also, I feel tired all the time and my sex drive is completely gone.  It 's been causing some real strain because my husband was under the impression that I 'm all of a sudden not attracted to him anymore.  It 's also made me nauseous most days.  I don 't know what is in this crap, but I 'm staying away.
If you have a really  bad infection then don 't use this. I had a YI for about 3 weeks before getting checked out and I guess I 'm paying for it now. It literally feels like something is clawing at my vagina walls while simultaneously using a blowtorch.
I didn 't even have side effects
I have been using this medication for over 10 years. It is horrible! I still got up at two or three in the morning with horrible stomach pains. The only way to get rid of it was to eat. I 've gained tons of weight. Finally after researchIng Dr Ray Peat, I found out my insomnia was caused by a lack of sugar and salt and dairy. Nuts, avocados, beans, is what I added to my diet in 2004 when the insomnia  started. According to that medical research, those food items really contribute to insomnia. By adding gelatin and dairy back in my diet I have not taking this medication for three months . And I got my sleep back after 13 years of insomnia.my weight is starting to come off. They need to warn people that this medication can cause weight gain
After 3 weeks I had a severe allergic reaction to this Med. My face was swollen with hives and I felt weak sick and very anxious. I ended up in the hospital and had IV Pepcid and steroid. I went home in better shape but I 've been off the Med for a week and still feel residue bad effects. I 'm afraid to take any Bp Med and I 'm trying a low sodium diet. This scared the heck out of me !
Terrible withdrawal symptoms. 
This drug is horrible and I 'm about to go to the ER I think I have pancreatitis the doc said I 'd lose weight but I 've gained weight since I 've been on it I 've craved sugar like never before and if I don 't get sugar I get super crabby and irritated and all I wanna do when I 'm not crabby is sleep. The stomach pains is so severe too
I was only taking Geodon for 3 weeks (tapered up to 60mg), and one evening I was sitting in front of my computer and experienced the worst panic attack of my life (also my first panic attack). I was admitted to the ER that day. I felt like I was about to have a drug induced psychosis. My pdoc instructed me to stop taking it immediately. The withdrawal was an absolute nightmare. I experienced over 30 different symptoms (anxiety, panic attacks, insomnia, paranoia, nausea, crawling skin, heart palpitations, chills, &amp; tingling just to name a few). It has been almost 2 months and I am still struggling with anxiety. 
I am a 19 yo girl and I have bipolar disorder 2 and suffer anxiety and depression, so my doctor prescribed 10mg Zyprexa daily. I had HORRIBLE side effects. In four months I gained 20kg, developed cystic acne and my thinking was slow and foggy. Any self confidence I had or pride in my appearance evaporated completely. The worst part is I still had the anxiety and the depression (although I didn 't expect an antipsychotic to help with depression). I 'm so glad I 'm not on it anymore. Zyprexa was definitely not for me.
It 's only been a few days with Soolantra but my Rosacea is horribly worse! Does it flare up big before getting better? Or is this a sign Soolantra isn 't for me?
I have year-round allergies with a runny nose. Started taking Nasacort and instead of stopping my runny nose it 's making it worse. At first I thought I had a cold but I had no other symptoms so I 'm pretty sure it 's the Nasacort
I am not addicted to pain medications.  I am on them because I have been diagnosed with 34 different diseases and illnesses the majority of which cause severe chronic intractable pain.  At my last appointment with my pain management doctor I have seen for 4 years and have passed every UA and pill count, for whatever reason he absolutely would not tell me, he just decided without asking me about it at all, to not give me my prescription for the Morphine Sulfate ER 60 m.g. I take 1 every 8 hours.  This is extremely dangerous to just yank someone off of ANY pain medication, anti-depressant, etc., instantly.  I am not able to be off the Morphine.  Now what? Clonidine interacts with my heart meds.
When the medicine I  was on seemed to &quot;poop out&quot;, I was put on Effexor XR. I researched this drug at length, and even though I was reluctant, I decided to give it a try. I took this med for 2 days and felt so spaced out and tired that I was not willing to keep going with this one. The discontinuation of it in itself is ridiculous. After only 2 days of taking this, within 24 hours I developed a migraine, sweating, and complete lethargy. 2 days of pills equaled a week of hell. I am no stranger to meds, and have never written a review on one in my life, but I felt compelled to say that in my opinion, this stuff is garbage. Really, really, do your research and talk at length with your primary care doc about this one. Trust your gut.
This medication worked for me for a while, however, my body became accustomed to it, and it stopped working. I also experienced the majority of side effects. Mainly weight loss, but also decreased cognition and spelling abilities. I discontinued this medication specifically because losing my ability to think and communicate was horrible. Before I started this medication, my migraines were never affected by food (caffeine, sugar, etc), however, since discontinuing the medication I can no longer drink coffee/soda and have sugary desserts and foods. I also feel like my speech and communication skills (verbal) have been affected. 
17yo here. I 've heard some horror stories about VYIs so when I started to notice symptoms, I went right to the local clinic. They offer to do some tests for STIs/etc but ultimately, the practitioner says &quot;Just head to Walmart and get some Monistat 3 day... Make sure you get the kind with the cream!&quot; I applied the cream, inserted the applicator, etc and brushed my terth. Everything was fine til I laid down, now I 'm in utter agony! I 've been kicking my legs, thrashing around my bed trying to stop the terrible burning/itching. It 's been about an hour and I can 't imagine trying to sleep. I 'd take another UTI over this
skyla was personally the worst decision I ever made. I don 't know if because of the hormones and stuff in it but I got it inserted a week ago and ever since then I 've been dizzy and no appetite. last time I took a birth control with hormones in it it also made me throw up many times and made me extremely sick. If your body doesn 't react well with hormones and stuff I would recommend not to get it. I am going to get it removed today (which I only had it in for a week) I was never really a big fan of foreign objects in the body anyway! Other then the annoying side effects when it was inserted all I felt was cramping! no sharp pains or anything just minor cramping!
What can I say about this drug, I 've been off it a year and still don 't feel right. When I was on it it did not feel it helped with my depression. but My main problems started when trying to stop taking this drug, it made me hallucinate, I thought people where trying to kill me And i got weird electric shocks in my head (it got that bad I checked my self into mental health unit and they would not let me out for 2 weeks). I had to go back on the drug and come off it very slowly over about 3 months. I think now I have PTSD. Before taking this drug I only ever had depression and anxiety, but now I 'm a total wreck I 've lost my job my gf I 've still not got over the shaking. I was only on a low dose for a short period of time.
I took only half tablet 5mg, and  a horrible reaction took place, that is severe pain in the  epigastrium, Tachicardia, Diarrhea.
I got diagnosed with genital herpes in February 2016. I did 500mg for 7 days when I was expecting an outbreak. But I kept getting them. They switched me to 1g daily about 6 months ago and I 'm still non stop getting them. I 've had 3 that have been so bad and they 've left scars. I 'm in extreme pain and don 't know what to do. Why isn 't my medication working?
A doctgor (I 've been to many) tried me on Ultram.  On about the 2nd or 3rd day, I was at work and began feeling very strange.  I got shakier as the morning progressed.  I got up and could not walk without holding on to the wall.  Then I began having breathing problems.  I asked my boss if somebody could take me to the ER.  On the way there, I truly felt like I was going to die.  My coworker got me into the ER and the triage team first checked my heart out with an ECG, etc.  The conclusion the ER doctor came up with is that I was having something called Serotonin Syndrome which can be quite serious.  They gave me some Ativan and sent me home.  My mother-in-law was on Ultram for years and it worked very well for her.
I have chills and a terrible headache.  Feel nauseated and I only took one pill. First day and I am hating side effects. I also have rapid heart . I will give it two more days. I am not going to deal with bad side effects for any longer than that.
Try one of the newer meds out there first. GP prescribed me this for anxiety and I blindly took it thinking doc knows best, went to a Pdoc a few months later and she was mortified that I was prescribed this. I have been weaning off since and finally at 0mgs for past few days, but all the weaning side effects have been terrible. I feel nauseous all day and cannot sleep at all, and have chest pains,with constantly feeling in a fog. Do yourself a favor and trust how far medicine has come since they made this drug and try one from this era first
Horrible mood swings! :( Changing ASAP!
This is the absolute WORSE birth control to get. I 've had mine for about two years now and I 've gain SO much weight. I went from 115 pounds to 175 in two years. I have never gained so much weight or been so depressed in my life. I cant say it doesn 't work. But if you dont want headaches everyday, have fatigue everyday, gain so much weight and ECT do not get it. I just hope this weight comes off when I get it taken out.
Today was my second day of taking Contrave. First day was fine with no side effects. Today made me seriously ill. Leaving me feel like I was in a twilight zone, dizzy, nauseous, suicidal thoughts and heart beating fast. All in the second day. I 'm still not 100% better. 
I had quite a constipation issue. I 'll spare you the details, but it was serious. I went to store &amp; chose Dulcolax. Never tried it before.  Took 2 pills at night. Woke up early with severe cramps that didn 't subside and got worse.  I then started getting more &amp; more nauseous. I managed to go get a bucket just in time to flop back in bed and throw up repeatedly until I dry gagged. The nausea then subsided, but the cramps remained, although they lightened up.  I was then unable to get out of bed for most of the rest of the day. I thought I might have a 24 hr stomach virus. I don 't know if I got a virus &amp; coincidence I 'd taken Dulcolax, or Dulcolax got me sick. My body apparently can 't tolerate this medicine.
I took Cymbalta for 9 month during that time was also taking Oxycontin and Vicadine. I still had pain and the Cambalta raised my cholesterol 50 points, it also raised my blood pressure the Doctor didn 't seemed to be concerned with symptoms. which concern me due to the fact that I had heart disease about 10 years prior to taking Cymbalta ahead 3 stents inserted into my arteries of my heart. I had heart disease at a young age of age 37.  The two doctors I was seen at the time didn 't believe that cymbalta was raising my cholesterol. I had to do my own research on the internet to find evidence that Cymbalta does raise cholesterol. The manufacturer of Cymbalta indicated that the raising cholesterol was a rare side effect.
I had the Implanon back in 2010-2013. It was amazing, my period was regular with no crazy side effects.  So I was expecting similar results when I got the Nexplanon in Sept. 2015.  I WAS WRONG.  Sure, I didn 't have a period since insertion, but the cost was too damn high!  I had great skin, but it broke out like I was back in highschool (I 'm 30).  I wasn 't super skinny before, but I went from 150 to 175 in less than 6 months with no changes to my diet and workout regime.  I had crazy depression and couldn 't concentrate on work to save my life. I have zero sex drive. I finally figured out that it was the Nexplanon after talking about my symptoms with a friend. I got it taken out recently and hopefully things will calm down again.
I was recently in a bad car accident, and I haven 't slept in 2 days. I feel like this pill keeps me awake. Does not work for me. I hate it
I took the enteric coated, triple strength, Fish Oil, 1400 mg, one a day for about one week and I develop stomach and abdominal pain, and itching. I stop taking it, and after a week the pain and itching is gone. It is now about a month since I stop taking Fish Oil and the pain and itching did not come back.
Wow, I 'm really surprised with the reviews of this drug. This drug should not be taken for ADHD. There are many (safer) alternatives. I don 't know, maybe I was just unlucky...I was prescribed Ritalin at around the age of 5-6, and from day one I had extreme fatigue, weren 't interested in any other activity but sleep. It made learning from not interesting to impossible. After a couple of months taking it I had lost a lot of weight...by that time the doctors had to take me off Ritalin. It has caused me to be underweight ever since (I 'm 20 now). If your child(ren) are hyperactive you should really consider cutting of the high amounts of sugar that they are exposed to in this day of age. Don 't drug them, they will soon develop in a mature being.
Was on .75 for a month as suppose to boost this up to 1.5 -  .75 was not to bad, weight loss, bit of headache now and then. When started 1.5 everything went wrong. I would have a rock hard lump for 3 or 4 days where I put the needle in. Side effect was a feeling like &quot; Hives &quot;  Constantly scratching my belly raw around point of impact. some vomiting, speech was off - more harsh, I work nights and lights were bothering me also contributing to headaches. Been off it 2 weeks now and numbers have went from 8-9 back to 13 's but all the side effects are gone and I feel better, That is what counts to me. :)
I started showing some signs of a YI on Monday, the 6th grabbed a Monistat 1, as I have done a few times before and thought nothing of it. I ran out to see a friend and came back in I rushed to the bathroom due to a burning sensation and knew something was wrong when all the medication was in my shorts. Went to my PCP on Thursday and she didn&rsquo;t do an exam, just prescribed an antibiotic. After two more days of complete discomfort, primarily when I urinated it felt like death. I was in tears just about every time I went. Went to the ER where they diagnosed me with Herpes, this couldn&rsquo;t be true because neither my husband or 1 have been with other people in our 5 year relationship. Got tested all negative results. Never will I use this again!
This drug didn 't even start to work until 12  hours after I took it.  
I only used Levaquin for 7 days.  I had tendon pain and the UTI was some better but not gone.
I got the mirena placed last Friday and it was excruciatingly painful and I have been bleeding heavily and cramping since. I am thinking of going to the hospital to have it removed as it is the holidays.
I began Strattera two days ago and the first day I had problems urinating immediately. I also noticed problems holding an erection. Day two was even worse as I could hardly urinate and when I got sexually exited I could not have an erection at all. I have never had sexual problems before and urinating has always been normal. I blame Strattera because it 's the only new medication I was taking. I also take Lithium for depression and Prozac for my sexual addiction. 
Weight gain.  HOT Flashes.   Shrinking testicles
Was only on this for 4 days. I yook 25mg in the mornings. The side effects were bad and got progressively worse. My head felt weird and also headaches that lasted hours on end. Took extra long to fall asleep the third day. I barely ate the third and fourth day because the naseua was so bad. I would eat something small then feel like vomitting. The last day I tried to take it before bedtime as directed to try to sleep through the bad parts, but ended up calling off work because of severe insomnia. I would not recommend this stuff for anyone. Stay away from this stuff!
Quitiapine turned my anxiety into anger and severe suicidal ideas.Anxiety turned into anger and made me act badly toward my family Although I stopped quetiapine 4 months ago, and these symptoms have mostly disappeared, I still have to deal with child protection services and similar legal issues.If your doctor prescribes this, be VERY careful and notice any sign of negative change.
I switched from Kariva because I was having pretty bad cramping during my period. I have been on Loestrin for a week.  The first 3-4 days I had severe migraines constantly.  I was relieved when that passed, but a few days later the insomnia began.  I have a horrible time falling asleep and when I can fall asleep it 's a very light sleep and I feel exhausted all day which is terrible since I have a 14 month old to care for. I 'm talking to my doctor and either switching back to Kariva (I 'd rather have cramps than this) or using another method. I 'm over pills. Can someone please make a pill for men? It 's so unfair that we have to put our bodies through this to prevent pregnancy.
For some people, it works. Not for me though... I 've had a period ever since I got it before Christmas. It makes me extremely moody and emotional. It 's now maybe working better? But not sure. I regret it, and I 'm too scared to get it taken out. Even though it didn 't hurt that bad to put in.
I tried it several times with and without Cialis, didn 't do a thing for me. It cause vein swelling and pressure in my lower left leg which I thought was odd. Will not use it again.
I got the 7-day combination pack with all the nice stuff to help the itching of your YI stop, hoping that would bring my suffering to an end... little did I know I 'd be up the entire night crying.... the burning and itching is 10x worse than the YI... DON 'T use this, whatever you do....
A renowned medication to help PMDD, but barely helped me. Helped with my anxiety and depression quite well (despite lack of emotion), but always got hormonal monthly, which was confusing. It actually made some symptoms worse. On Lexapro now, so hopefully that helps!
Tiredness/ fatigue Confused/forgetful Dry/ burning eyesRinging in my earsSkin feels like it is crawling. My hands and forearms feel like they are burning, like all the nerve endings are on fire, to a lesser degree this is also affecting my feet. I can 't bare anyone touching me, even the slightest touch is painful. Clothes are irritating me.Can 't sleep/disturbed sleepSwollen ankles My vision seams more blurred,  I have to take my glasses off to read now. I can 't go outside without getting horribly sunburned in a matter of minutes. I am having to wear factor 50+ inside the house and still getting sunburned inside. I feel like a prisoner, unable to go about daily tasks and share time with my family. I feel dizzy,  and a little wobbly
I 've had this birth control for about 4 months now. My periods last for like 15 days every month and it 's really annoying. But it 's very effective when it comes to preventing pregnancy.
I&rsquo;m so envious of those of you that this worked on! I have completed 2 months of this pill daily and nothing. I did get some side effects the first week (faster heart rate, jittery, dry mouth, muscle clenching) and felt I was eating less but clearly not. I still feel just as hungry and I&rsquo;m on the 37.5mg dose! My dr told me to take a pill and a half to see if that helps and so far it has not . I am so depressed as my eating is out of control I am literally always hungry which is why I needed help with the pill in the first place. I just wish I&rsquo;d had the luck you all have had.
It has been 2 months since I was put on Biaxin (see my entry on March 3). I only got through 4 days of a 10 day course. I have had diarrhea for 2 months, have lost 20 lbs, have nausea off and on every day. I have had many work ups and stool samples, all negative. My ears have been ringing (tinnitus) since I went on Biaxin. All day and night. It has really taken a huge toll on my life. I wish the doctor had told me to take probiotics. I have esophageal candida from good bacteria being wiped out. My gastroenterologist has to wait until my GI heals a bit before a colonoscopy and a long course of anti fungals to tame the candida. And the sinus thing? Still present. Biaxin has really messed up my body, and my life.
awful!this med is soooo bad.doesn 't stick to cheek or absorb the BUP.It had me doubting myself?And........ahhhhhhh.&quot;......Why are they pushing this BS??????worst 2 weeks I have had in treatment..........Sick,withdrawing, but go back toDr Tuesday to change back to suboxone,almost relapsed&quot;........Hating the Insurance now for only covering this stuff?
I have been on this pill for about 2 years now and it gets worse and worse each month. I have experienced horrible nausea, headaches, mood swings and depression. I constantly have bleeding throughout the month and my period never comes when I 'm supposed to have it. It is almost as irregular and heavy as it was when I didn 't take the pill. I get extremely bad cramps and bloating aswell. Currently in the process of trying to switch to a new pill.. Very angry.
Worst pill I have ever taken! I am very regular without any pill. I started taking this after I had my son for pregnancy prevention because my doctor said it wouldn 't interfere with my milk production. However right after I started taking it, my milk totally stopped. I mistakingly continued to take it for birth control. Now I have bled for 12 days of the last month. Just when I think it has stopped I get less than a week off and it starts again. Heavy and for long periods 7 days plus!!! I am stopping this immediately!! I have never he 's a problem like this with any pill I have taken!! Horrible!
I got pregnant after 6 months of using it. The IUD was removed and I had a miscarriage.
venlafaxine is a HORRIBLE drug. I have put three stone on in the few months I was on it, despite being active!I asked to be put in an antidepressant that didn 't have that side effect so this has made me feel even worse. You mustcbe good at remembering the exact time to take this or withdrawals kick in within a few hours!tapered down over the space of one month to the smallest 37.5 dose, I am on day 7 of no ven and it 's been the week from hell!hearing voices,vertigo, nausea,vomiting,crying for hours, mania,severe anger, crazy thoughts, head zaps (the weirdest sensation) confusion,memory loss,sweating, took me a week to feel even slightly human and still feel crap!taking diazepam to calm symptoms,terrified it has caused irreparable damage.
I took ONE levaquin for a sinus infection and within 1 hour had a high fever. The blood vessels in my legs began leaking blood under my skin (a condition called vasculitis that is now permanent), my feet/hands were so swollen we almost had to cut off my wedding ring, and by the next morning I couldn 't move ANY part of my body without excruciating pain. My doctor didn 't know what was going on and called in a steroid, which helped me be able to move again, but it was a month before I could stand/walk. That was 5 years ago. I had an existing autoimmune disease and this drug made it much worse. I now have infusions of chemo to treat my vasculitis, I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia, and I suffer from permanent neuropathy. DON 'T TAKE THIS DRUG.
FIRE OMG. it is like a raging fire on my lady bits. I used the insert and then put the cream on and now my privates are red, swollen and burning!!!! I will NOT be using the second dose and if this feeling doesn 't end after an hour I am showering as much as this off!
I 'm not impressed with this medication.  My daughter was having some issues with Vyvanse, so her doctor put her on this.   Unfortunately she 's back to her old self, completely out of control, taking hours to do a 15 minute assignment, playing with her paper, staring off into space, not focusing, etc.  First thing tomorrow I 'm calling her doctor and putting her back on Vyvance. Last thing I want is for her grades to slip, she 's already struggling enough as it is to keep them up. The nail biting from Vyvanse is just a minor side effect that we can deal with for now, otherwise she 'll fail 3rd grade entirely.
Insurance made me switch from Androgel to Testim. This stuff smells, requires the application of a huge quantity and takes something close to an hour to dry. Oh and that weird, sickly smell, doesn 't come off in the shower. I have no idea how effective it is yet, but it 's definitely the worst. I loathe the idea of putting this on everyday. It 's making me miserable
Brought the 1 day treatment  at $21.99 used it around 10pm it 's now around 1am I am in tears this is the most uncomfortable I 've ever been I 'm so itchy it burns slightly but the itch is very real I have to be up at 5:30 am it 's now 1:14 am. I can 't sleep it literally woke me up out my sleep because of the itch and slight burn 
I had terrible side effects on this medicine. I was over active and couldn 't stop making things, knitting, etc. all through the night . I couldn 't sleep and my balance was off. I fell in the shower and hurt my neck. This was a terrible time for me.
I threw up a few hours after taking this. I discontinued immediately.
I started Estarylla four months ago to regulate my periods. I was having a period every two weeks. The first month I took it I bled for an entire month. When I called the obgyn, I was advised to give it three months to regulate my period.Now my period has become erratic and lasts longer than 7 days. This past period started two weeks ago and ceases to let up. Along with prolonged periods I have experienced stomach nausea,vomiting,anxiety, and extreme mood swings.I plan to visit my OBGYN soon to discuss new options. This is my first time experiencing a negative reaction to birth control.
Constipation, bloating, brain fog, muscle pains, amenorrhea, hyponatremia.
I have been taking this since July of this year, I just finished my first pack and started my second.  I don 't know if it 's just coincidence or not but I haven 't liked the side effects I have experienced.1.  Weight gain - overeating2. constant spotting - daily for over a month3. More irregular than I was before4. I keep getting bacterial infections.  I have not had any problems with infections at all until I started taking this.
Waist of money, This stuff actually made my nose worse, if you buy it, your going to throw your money away, garbage!
I used this last night, at first there is internal itchiness which is relatively bearable, I read the reviews and basically everyone has the same experience so I went to sleep. BUT I woke up by stomachache in the middle of the night, immediately my whole body is strengthless and started vomiting!  Warning: be careful of this medicine,  its terrible!!!!!
Took this shot one week ago ,the pain is worse I wish I wouldn 't have done it.cant sleep knee is  swollen.IM UP ALL NIGHT!
I am 86 years old. I only took 2 doses of 750 mg over 2 days &amp; was having calf pain, nervousness &amp; trouble sleeping.
My primary care doctor prescribed Mobic for my lower back problems (mostly muscular). I took the pill once a day. 15 minutes after I took the pill I had to lay down. The rest of the night I felt like I 'd been hit by a truck and the pill didn 't even touch my pain. I was getting depressed and my boyfriend told me I was mean while taking this pill. I am taking Aleve 2 x 's a day, and I feel so much better now.
I went to my doc because of heavy bleeding and horrible cramps.  Have PCOS and polyps.  Had a hysteroscopy, D&amp;C, removal of polyps and had the IUD placed.  All as a way of stopping the excessive blood flow (anemic as a result). Bled for 20 days straight.  Then had the same period as before, no changes.  I 'm now 4 months out and I 'm having a period every 2 weeks.  This one I 'm on now is so bad that I 'm headed to the ER.  I have been passing huge clots for 2 days now (like golf ball size and larger) in addition to passing enough blood to fill two overnight extra long/heavy pads in about an hour to two hours.  I 've also developed horrible acne. I do not trust my doctor.  She acted like this was the perfect solution to my issues.  Not.
My 10 year old son has severe ADHD and Autism. He has been on Intuniv for almost a year starting with 1mg and progessively until 4mg.  While it did help a bit with his sleep at night, we have taken him off the medication with no difference in his behavior other than he seems to have fewer and less severe meltdowns.  I don 't think it did much for him.
I 've had Interstitital Cystitis ( IC) for about 6 years or so.  Some pain while peeing and bladder pain.Last Feb 2015 the Urologist inserted the Botox into my bladder.  My life for the past year and a half has been miserable to say the least.  Never had problems before with incontinence but boy do I have it now.  For the past year and a half I 've had to wear Depends during the day and at night I have to wear an External Catheter and drain bag.  My desire to do anything is not there anymore where before I was always pretty active.  My Urologist doesn 't understand why I 'm having this outcome. He has other patients that do the Botox for the IC and had good results.  Never again. Don 't know if this stuff will ever wear off.
I dont like using keppra at all. Since the start of using keppra, I keep on having suicidal thoughts everyday which I don 't want to have. Keppra is making my life worse than ever. My mood is changing every minute. It has impacted my schoolwork so much. I have trouble remembering things and being happy. Sometimes I cry so hard  and say to myself &quot;I can 't take this drug anymore&quot;. My self esteem is getting very low everyday. This drug is destroying my relationship with my friends and family. I just want to be able to tell them and my school what my feelings are and not pretend to put a mask of happiness over my face.
Shameful!! You sell medication that can 't be used because Bayer chose to save money using a defective bottle that won 't open. Clearly no quality control or concern for consumers--even if they are strong healthy drilling rig operators.
I have always been a small person but now I am 23 lbs. overweight for the 2nd go around again. I thought I would try Alli instead of going to get a prescription this time. It cost me $62.00 plus. I have been using it for 3 weeks and it does absolutely nothing to help curb your appetite, if anything, I seemed to eat more. So I thought I would try taking more than the suggested, well that did nothing either. I will report that there were no side effects or illness or anything like that which I have read on some postings. Alli was a big waste of money for me and I will just have to go and get a prescription again, which does work. Alli is Not a substitute for a prescription diet pill, no matter what it states.
My ENT suggested I try Distma for allergies since Flonase had not helped. Three hours after Distma 's first use I had intense needle stabbing pains in left side of head from crown moving down to ear/ temple area &amp; then back up for &quot;30 hours&quot;! Very drowsy &amp; in a haze. Then when I walk can hear something drumming in my hear, so it 's back to the ENT tomorrow to find out the damage! &quot;Do Not Use this product is my suggestion!&quot;  It seems I have a perforated eardrum!
I was run over by a pickup. My back goes out and hurts like hell and  I can 't get up. The lady at medical care mission said they would help and from everything else she said like my pain is going to magically go away. She was lying just like all the rest of the doctors.  I didn 't go to the hospital for the pain but to have it documented.
I took this with bupropion.  I stopped bupropion, because I was so edgy and irritable. It was suggested I wait for Prozac to take full effect in about 1 month. I stopped Prozac last night after a week of it alone.  I was edgy, irritable, and didn 't feel like doing productive things like care about my job, or care about studying on investing choices. I just wanted to take a nap to relieve the buzzing in my head.  Today I am not taking anything.  I feel better than yesterday. 
I tried taking Pristiq for 6 days.  The side effects were so bad I could not function.  I could not work, eat, or sleep and felt nauseous. My vision was blurry. My mouth was so dry and my appetite was non existent.  I only weigh 111 lbs and I do not need to miss a meal.  I have stopped taking this medication.  I was taking 50mg and this is the first medicine I have ever taken for depression. 
This medicine made me gain weight.
My doctor prescribed Methadone for my Fibromyalgia pain.  I took 2 tabs about 90 mins apart.  Did not sleep a wink all night. I will discontinue taking this medicine. 
I got the depo shot the second of January to help with horrible cramps. The first month I absolutely loved it. I had no cramps and no bleeding. However, this second month has been terrible. I started having light cramping at the beginning of the month. I wasn 't complaining at that point. It was still so much better than normal. This week, it became really bad. My horrible cramps had returned with a vengeance. I started to bleed heavily. I can 't stand for long periods of time without coming close to fainting and/or vomiting. I will definitely stop taking the shot. I do not recommend it AT ALL.
Worst 10 year experience of my life! It gave me bi-polar disorder OCD and even worse ADHD!! It made me get very very very bad anxiety and it felt like I was gonna have a heart explode!
DO NOT USE THIS!!! Even though it 's probably to late for most you. Like me you probably googled this after your crotch was on fire. Some of you have asked how long the burning will last. I inserted the product Wednesday night and had to call out of work on Thursday and Friday. By Friday afternoon the pain was gone only after swimming in the pool for a couple of hours. If I could have stood upside down in shower with the water blasting on it I would have. If you haven 't taken it don 't. If you have I 'm sorry for what is about to happen to you.
The warnings are real. The horror stories are real. Do not put this device into your body. It was excruciating once inserted and I bleed heavily and felt pain worse than birthing contractions for over 3 weeks. It lead to horrendously heavy bleeds, cycle was completely thrown out of whack, mental health deteriorated, suicidal tendencies. Had to wait for 2 months to be removed. Bleed extremely badly for 12 days solid and was hospitalised. The pain was horrific.It took at least 12 weeks to feel better and about 12 months for my cycle to return to my normal.I think this medication should be banned. I have 4 close friends who have all had horrific experiences with this medication.
I learned to live happy in a depressive low. Lamictal, or lomotrogene messed that up. I 'm very conscious of my emotions as a lot of people who have bipolar and choose not to take medication. So I know my aggression triggers, I know my anger sometimes comes on and I just want to argue. I know when I am manic. I know when I am sad and having suicidal thoughts. That 10 years no mood stabilizers, depressed the whole time but able to manage it as the disease This drug now it could have been the combo of lomotrugene and clonazepam. My brain began to fight itself I turned into a destructive manic with into a week I was trying to leave my gf and child, for a past ex delusional thoughts she was still in love with me. 
Seriously this product packaging is completely defective.  Exhausted (and of course can 't breathe) after hours of three people trying to get the new childproof cap off.   Apparently the cap is vacuum locked on and you have to turn the bottle upside down and apply all your weight on it and turn and if you 're lucky it will release and open.  Absolutely a defective design.
All I can say if you don 't mind bleeding this is good for you!!!! I 've had it for 5 months after I had my daughter ,and it 's been none stop bleeding!!!! Come Monday I 'm calling my doctor to see when I can get mine taken out!!! I 'm tired and tired of bleeding I love to have sex but since I 've had this I don 't!!! Again I bleed so much I think it 's something wrong this is a no go for me... true you won 't get pregnant, but the side effects make you not want to do the things to get you pregnant!!!
I wish I had reported this to the FDA when it happened. I don 't know how helpful my account of the side effects from years ago would be now. However, I would like to share this somewhere, as what I experienced is not verified as a side effect but possibly suspected--- I don 't want anyone to go through what I went through and not suspect this medication. After taking one dose of Singular in the evening, the next day, I experienced suicidal thoughts, anxiety, and a feeling as if I were being separated from my body (if that makes sense). I have no history of such problems, never took Singular again, and never experienced what I described again (as I said before, it has now been years since I took Singular).
Start the pills with no issue, days 1 and 2 blood sugar is consistent with what I had been seeing. Day 3 blood sugar is improved, nothing above 127 all day!  Toward the end of the day I get Killer headache and can 't move my fingers/wrist. Before I get home to the test strips I know I 've got diabetic ketoacidoais with a blood sugar of 127!  I will not be giving farxiga another attempt at killing me.
I had no problem drinking Suprep when I took the first dose at 5pm 2 days ago, and I did not have any nausea or extreme cramping. It did work to clean my bowel, however within minutes, my heart started to beat very forcefully and in an irregular manner, I started shaking uncontrollably and I was struck by a sudden extremely painful migraine. My blood pressure rose to 211/108 and I ended up in the emergency room. This would have been my 3rd colonoscopy over the years and I never experienced something like this before. It was the first time using Suprep. It has been 2 days now since I drank it, and I still have a migraine. Beware of the side effects, you might be better off with the previously prescribed gallon of laxative !
I started taking this when I was just about 18. Wanted to quit using condoms with my boyfriend and just go on this. First month or two my periods were irregular and I got extremely moody, but I just thought it was me getting used to it. 9 months into using it and my moods, anxiety and depression have gotten horrible! To the point where I was crying or getting depressed at my boyfriend simply not texting me back. Moods so bad affected my relationship. Other than the moods I have little/no period, no acne, no weight gain, no cramps. Overall the moods were so bad I could not take it anymore even though everything else was great.
Do not take this!!I 've only been on this for a month and gained ten pounds without even over eating. I also had a racing heart and couldn 't breath. I 've been on at least fifteen different antidepressants and I have to say stay away from this please.
This particular generic Adderall does not work at all (M A20).  I was diagnosed with ADHD late in life after thinking I was stupid and shy for many years. I have been. on Adderall  20 mgs for approximately six years and it changed my life completely. . I was able to concentrate and earn a degree in early childhood education. For the past three months I have been given this particular generic Adderall and I 'm now back to square one of not being able to concentrate, can 't speak to my peers on topics that I know like the back of my hand, don 't want to go out, etc, I don 't understand the difference in the different types of generics but I feel cheated out of my life because of my pharmacy.
I will be stopping this birth control immediately. The irregular bleeding is just not worth it. I got on birth control to enjoy sex by not having to worry about getting pregnant, but when I never know when I 'm gonna have my period or random bleeding, it makes it pointless and makes me not even want to have sex, it 's not worth it. The first period I got after starting this pill lasted 9 days. My period has never lasted more than 6 before starting bc. Then not even a week after that period finally ended, I started bleeding again! This is ridiculous! I will be looking for other birth controls or none at all. My period was just fine and regular before I started this pill. Hopefully it goes back to normal after stopping it.
I was put on Humira on June 10, 2015 for severe to moderate ulcerative colitis. I in total, received 7 injections (including the four injections and then two injections at once for the start up). On July 5, I woke up with severe stiffness and pain throughout my entire body. I called my doctor and was advised to drink a lot of water and take a couple of Tylenol. I didn 't listen and googled my symptoms. After testing with another doctor, I was diagnosed with drug induced Lupus. In addition to this, I lost about 35-40% of my hair, developed psoriasis all over my face, legs and chest and developed pins and needle feelings in both feet and legs. Take this med ONLY when you are willing to suffer these side effects because they can/do happen.
I agree w/ Triple Dee. This drug=the worst. It  was suppose to help psychotics. It turned me into a zombie. Also turned me into a compulsive shopper, which can be accomplished from the couch I became glued to due to my zombie state. With no motivation, my house was a mess. And, the eating!!! OMG. I gained a pound a day. I have clinical depression &amp; massive anxiety. I take 40mg of Viibryd. Tough tough drug to get on in the beginning, but I stuck to it &amp; it 's been a blessing. No sexual or eating side effects. I went on 450 WellButrin to survive Midwest winters. I stay on it year round. Anxiety-I take Xanax-four .5 pills a day-3 @ bedtime &amp; I split the 4th-1/2 in the morning; 1/2 at dinner. Don 't want all these drugs, but they keep me going &amp; productive.
I FINALLY got Nexplanon removed today after almost 2 years. I would NOT recommend this to ANYONE. I wouldn 't even know if it was an effective form of birth control because my period never stopped long enough for me to have sex! I somehow avoided the weight gain, but would have taken that over the bleeding and depression. My son is almost 2 now and over the last few months, I have been having trouble even barely getting out of bed, much less play with him. I felt like a terrible mom so I would cry myself to sleep each night and my whole life was falling apart. Oh, and good luck finding someone to remove this junk if you moved or no longer have the same doctor! A lot of doctors refuse to even carry it.
Worst pain in the world. I used only one applicator from the monistat 7 pack and it burns like hell. The need to want to take it all out and rip off my area. Im in tears over the burning. Is it supposed to do that ? Is there a way of soothing that burning sensation from the treatment.?Totally not a happy camper .
Ever since taking this my throat has been swollen. I told the dr &amp; he doesn 't think its from the Atenolol but it didn 't start until then. Its hard to sleep at night. I have horrible eye pressure and it makes me anxious. I 'm hoping I can switch meds soon. It doesn 't reduce my pressure much at all.
I was on this for maybe 6 months 2 years ago. I went from 121 to 184 in less then 3 months. I was eating constantly even after I had dinner I would be hungry 15 minutes later. If your doctor wants you to take this DON 'T. It 's easy for the weight to come but harder to make the weight go away.
made my face 1000x worse than it was. I got acne where I have never gotten acne before &amp; and my face was red itchy and swollen.
I had a urinary tract infection and the doctor ordered it to help me urinate less until the antibiotics kicked in. It probably did help for that but generally I haven 't seen a big difference. I would say that I am about the same as I usually am. The first time I took it was in the evening and I was extremely tired and wanted to sleep around 8pm )I usually only go to bed/sleep around midnight. Yesterday I was completely zonked. I slept for most of the day. Last night I was looking online on my phone and was searching can a UTI make you tired and came across this site. I realized that my vision is blurry (I thought it was just being over tired) and that it can cause &quot;fatique&quot;. I hadn 't put these down to side effects. I am stopping immediately
I currently have an inner ear blockage from blowing my nose too hard. I have been on Sulfamethoxazole for 5 days. Still have the blockage and mucky junk in my nose. Doesn 't seem to have done anything so far. 
Its waste of your money i took 1 tablet and i feel hedche for whole weak
Too bad I didn 't read the Monistat 1 reviews before using it. I get a lot of yeast infections and usually use diflucan oral medication, but it was a holiday weekend and needed a little relief. I felt worse after using it. Hoping my doctor&quot;s office is open today so I can call them.
I 'm 46 yrs old, I started Depo Provera to control my severe periods. I 've had 2 shots so far. The first month I had spotting. This month I have had bleeding, clotting and cramps for over 12 days and continuing.  I 've also noticed mood swings.  I 've also noticed an uptick in my blood pressure which I 've been watching closely.  I 'm not sure I 'll be takeing the next shot.  I don 't want excessive bleeding, moodiness and high blood pressure. These symptoms may also be attributed to my age,
This drug is a nightmare!!! Total fatigue with breathlessness, Arm weakness and numbness, nausea, light headedness. Now have developed tinnitus which is a constant pulsation through ears and head. My white blood cells have dropped dangerously low and my red blood cells are really poor. I am naturally now off the drug but don 't know how long till I get back to health. ONLY GO ON THIS DRUG AS A LAST RESORT&gt;
JUST GO TO THE DOCTOR!! It is currently 5:43am and I 've been awake for about 45 minutes now with a bag of ice on my lady parts, so it can somewhat release the itch and burn. I should have read the reviews on this cream, so I advice you to just go to the doctor to get medicine - this is awful. I do not know what to do besides stay in pain....Ladies just go to the doctor I beg of you so you do not have to be in so much discomfort !!!!!
Run from this medication, it is toxic, I took it from Jan 26,2016 - Feb 13, 2016 , Here is how my doc prescribed it 14 days starter pack, then I started the higher dose on Fri 2/12/16 , Sat was my last day taking that poison, today I feel as if I 'm withdrawing from something much stronger that I been on much longer and what 's worse this is the only medication I was taking, from day 1, I felt so bad, but I thought it would get  better, it never did, it only got worse, here are/ were some of my side effects... dry mouth, fast heart rate, anxiety, insomnia, nervousness, anger, gums hurting, blurred vision, rash, this is from 16 days only, because I skipped a day or two, trust me, stay away from Qsymia, it is not worth any weight loss.
I have suffered from insomnia for many years.  I have been on Remeron for 10 years but decided to wean off this medication.  I began really having problems staying asleep after completely stopping this medication  I was so very hopeful that Silenor would work for me but sadly after trying it for 10 nights, I have not had success.   I carefully took Silenor on an empty stomach and as directed.  I continue to awaken at 2-3 a.m. and cannot return to sleep.
Been taking Saxenda since 19th May - and so far I haven 't lost anymore weight since I last posted here on 28th May. I 'm on the full 3mg Dose, no side effects, no weight loss and if anything my hunger has gone back to normal Really don 't think its work for me. Which is very upsetting and disappointing. I have very irritating rash at the injection site and I also have discovered a cyst on my lady parts which I never had before using this drug. I think it 's time to come off Saxenda.
nausea, diarrhea, vivid dreams,Two days on starter pack, stopped taking it and it took a couple days to get rid of the side effects.
I had my 1st child in November 2014 and got Mirena January  2015. I spotted for the 1st month and a half. I 've had cramping, no sex drive, lack if energy, acne, hair itching, and gained 20 pounds in 4 months. I finally got Mirena removed today 6/17/2015 and I already feel better. No cramps I 've been able to work from 5 am to 130 go to the gym, go shopping, and play with my baby without fatigue. The RN was giving me a hard time and stating my research is wrong and Mirena doesn 't make women gain weight due to such low hormones but I told her everyone 's body is different, and this was not the right birth control for me. I told her even all my coworkers that have it right now are experiencing the same issues so what does that tell you? She acted like she had an attitude because she couldn 't talk me out of removing it, but I don 't care it 's my body my choice. I hope that this helps someone. If this is what it costs to not have a period I 'd rather have mines!
Nexplanon made me gain over 30Ibs. I get ridiculous cravings, crazy mood swings, and all I ever want to do is sit and watch TV since getting it in. I 've never had any other kind of birth control, besides the earlier version Implanon, which I thought was better, but still had its flaws, but the hubby and I are considering a vasectomy because my experience with this birth control.Side effects: Major weight gain, cravings, it made me feel hungrier than I actually was, cramping, boob tenderness to where I thought I may have gotten pregnant, suicidal thoughts, and weird bleeding patterns. I got it out about 3 weeks ago, and felt a boost in my mood the day after. Still haven 't been able to drop any weight though.
The first month on Strattera, I did not feel well. It made me tired and grumpy. Then, after it stopped being a nuisance, it started being nothing. No help, ZERO. Waste of time, money and liver. I quit cold turkey after my 6th month script ran out. Too expensive to continue paying a lot of money for ZERO. (I no longer had the same insurance that had a copay. I do not know how much it would have cost with my new insurance).
I had the Implanon inserted in May 2008. I was prompted by my doctor to choose this method of birth control. After 6 months of constant bleeding I contacted my doctor to ask if it was normal. He said that it was normal to have abnormal bleeding and that it would slowly even off and then stop all together. I gave it few more months and when it didn 't stop I contacted him again. I got it removed in May 2009. I had not stopped bleeding once, I gained 25 pounds, I had severe depression and severe acne. I am still having these issues 2 years later and I want people to know. My husband and I have been trying to get pregnant for a year and a half. 
I found this page and everything clicked just two days too late. While my cough went away, the first night I woken up with severe cramping and the worst diarrhea of my life and was unable to hold food down for 12 hours. Then I took the medicine the next night and woke up to constant severe cramping to the point of skipping all my meals and popping pepto until the 12 hour mark when I was able to hold down a bagel. Thank god I searched this tonight because I was about to take it again!! It is not expired but rather a painful fast track to a cleanse. Never touching again.
I had the Implanon for three years. Never really noticed anything crazy except for the first and final month of having it. I had the usual nausea and dizziness. Exactly what the doctor told me to expect.Any medicine you take will have side effects &amp; sometimes you have to pick and choose your battles. I got a new one put it that same day I got the old one removed .I am now approaching year 2 of this one &amp; I am having it removed tomorrow morning. For the last year I have had on &amp; off nausea, headaches, moody, anxious. I am praying that once this things gets taken out I will be me again. My demeanor has been crappy the last year. Headaches &amp; nausea prevent you from living your life to the fullest. Absolutely do not recommend Nexplanon.
Unfortunately, I have not had a good experience with Bentyl. I 've had severely blurred vision after just 3 days of taking 10mg 3 x 's per day along with extreme bloating. I have been extremely uncomfortable and stopped taking the medicine. Hopefully there is something else available to help my symptoms.
I was told by my psychiatrist to try lexapro 10 mg for my anxiety. I have tried other medications in the past to help with it like Wellbutrin and Zoloft. They didn 't help at all  I got side effects right away like  nausa,headaches and dizziness. So I was hoping that lexapro would help where the others didnt. I kept a positive attitude in hopes that it would make me have less anxiety. I took my first pill and 2 hrs later I felt so nauseous that I had trouble standing up without wanting to vomit. Then I starting feeling like my scalp was on fire. Also parts of my skin felt like it had a burning sensation. It didn 't go away for the rest of the day. The next day I tried again and the same thing happened I wondered if with EDS if I can 't take it
I was on this birth control for at least 6 months and my acne has gotten worse. It 's now evolved to big cystic pimples before and after my period and they stick around for at least two weeks at a time. Majority on my chin but I have had a couple on my forehead inbetween my eyebrows which I still have the scar. It 's gotten to the point where I still have pimples from the previous break out and new ones formed right next to them. Also this medication has made my cramps worse. I have switched from the brand.
It 's quick acting but painful and it made me bruise and bleed a bit. It makes me feel nauseated and I vomited once, a few minutes after use. It also made me feel sleepy like my other migraine pills. This just acts quicker and makes you drowsy fast. 
This drug came after a bad reaction to Metformin.  It is definitely not any better.  From day one I have had diarrhea.  And the heaviness in my arms is still present.  Now the leg spasms are showing up but it is the abdominal pain and the excruciating back pain that take this drug out of the running.  I am coming off of it.  I can 't afford for this drug to kill me.  Nausea has been a problem within 3 days of beginning it. Be wary. . .be alert.
I was suffering from an impingement of a nerve root exiting the left side of the T10 - T11 junction.  I was prescribed Zipsor in combination with Skelaxin (muscle relaxant).  The combination provided no discernible pain relief.  However, I did suffer from significant stomach and intestinal pain.  The stomach &amp; intestinal pain stopped within 12 hours of discontinuing the Zipsor.  Overall, not a pleasant experience.
This is my first YI I am 21 and my sister recommend this product. I can 't sit. I can 't sleep. It is 12:02 and I 'm exhausted. I have to wake up in 6 hours for work and I can 't sleep through this HORRIBLE PAIN !!! Never again !
I have not experienced the side effects like others.  It simply does absolutely nothing for my allergy symptoms.
I had colorectal cancer at age 29 and have had several colonoscopies. I always drank the Golytely and it worked like a charm! I was prescribed this Prepopik and NOTHING happened. I had one small BM and had to reschedule my procedure. Waste of my time and money! Next time I will poor lemonade mix in my Golytely to have a successful cleanse. I will never use Prepopik again!
My blood sugars were doing good at first but now being my second month they are higher than they ever have been. Not sure what is going on and am having some on and off abdominal pain. Such a bummer I want it to work so I don 't have to inject every time I eat. I have mody 2 diabetes so it is different than type one or two.
Horrible for me, I used to use pills so I decided I will try this method it works about no getting pregnant ,I had only a year and its the worst experience, I haven 't had a period for a year I 'm starting to have problems with my gall bladder, breast pain everyday no sex drive at all and let 's not talk about the weight gain almost 20 pounds in one year I will get it out by the end of this year cause I can 't take it any more I won 't recommend this !
I had 10 months clean after being a heavy IV opioid user for years decided to stop on my last case which also prompted me to drug court. Well the judge for some reason put me on vivitrol even with all the clean time and program compliance. To summarise I had planned to exercise and live healthy and that is what was pushing me to stay clean, After getting the shot  I felt empty confused, depressed, no drive, no motivation, no hunger, crippled libido, didn 't care much about music movies or anything for that matter, excercising was torture. I asked the doctor if it would mess with my endogenous reward system twice and both times he evaded my question, seek recovery with healthy means develop skills to stay clean don 't go be a lab rat for big pharma..go to inpatient
Neurologist prescribed this for me one week ago at 25mg twice a day.  I 've been extremely dizzy before and after taking this, so not sure I can include that as a side effect but the rest...well, I could not stop crying, had extreme thirst, &quot;pins and needles&quot; feeling in my hands, feet, and lips, and was confused.  I guess the plus side of this medicine is that it works right away.  I 've stopped taking it today on the advice of my Doctor and am starting to feel better.  I hope this helps someone out there. Good luck everyone!
This medicine caused me to have severe anxiety and to feel not like myself. In addition, my throat felt like it was closing up and I more than likely had some type of reaction to this medication. I hated the entire experience being on this medicine.Try the healthy route of doing FODMAPS in your diet. That has helped me through IBS issues.
Made my blisters worse and didn 't  relieve my pain . It 's  too expensive  to not work. Will never buy  again
I just had my second shot 6 days ago. I will admit that my pain from the endo is a great deal better than it was. I was a few days late to get my 2nd shot and could feel the symptoms coming back slowly. The side effects are miserable. I don 't want to finish out the treatment. Going for a second opinion. Will be trying estradiol today, for the hot flashes, which have been the worst, at least 3 an hour, and all night long. Haven 't had any weight gain so far, weight loss, probably because I am so paranoid about gaining.
I 've been on this medication for about 4 weeks. I thought it was working really good until everyone started telling me how dark I was getting. I didn 't notice it because my face was clearing up but after I while I started noticing I was 5 times darker in my face than my body. Don 't take this medicine
Absolutely useless! I was prescribed this after having knee surgery (miniscus) @ 1 every 6 hours, 50mg. After the anaesthesia wore off and I ad already taken my first dose of this is was in a lot of pain. I stuck to the prescription anyway. I didn 't sleep at all and was up until 4pm the next day when I finally took 600mg of ibuprofen which did 10 times more than this garbage. I have given up on this &quot;pain reliever&quot; and an sticking to ibuprofen. If I could rate this drug other than the scale given I would rate it a -10.
Medicine worked ok, but had to stop using because it caused serious liver problems.  The benefits definitely DID NOT outweigh the risk.
The only noticeable effect was that it made me extremely sleepy. Did not work in the slightest.
Myrbetriq 25 mg worked immediately and helped decrease urinary frequency about 25%, while  increasing volume of urine 27%.  However, it also increased my frequency of ocular migraines  (visual disturbance).  So my Urogynocologist did not increase the dosage to further decrease my frequency and after 1.5 months, I stopped taking it.  I 'm disappointed.  This is the third drug I have taken that I could not tolerate the side effects.  Now my other options are posterior tibial nerve stimulation or botox.
This cream is causing stinging and burning. 
Reading the effects some folks have had brings me right back to 1993. I was 2 months pregnant with my son, who is now 23. I was vomiting so badly and was given compazine as a suppository. It worked wonders for the first 2 days. My 3rd day was a trip to HELL! I was on the phone with my mom and my words started slurring. I then started having uncontrollable muscle spasms in my face. My upper and lower jaw started moving in opposite directions so severely that I had to hold my face in place screaming in pain! My husband had to rush me to the ER in the middle of a snow storm. It was a horrific experience and I can not believe that this drug still exists! I was told that compazine is used as a component in other drugs, BEWARE!
I started Sprintec for my endometriosis in November. My cramps are less severe, my acne has improved. So as far as my condition is concerned, the medicine works. However, the negative effects TOTALLY OUTWEIGH the positive. I haven 't had a decent nights sleep in almost a month, I am horribly depressed, I cry several times a day, and nauseated whenever I don 't eat right away. 
I have been on this for about 3 months now. I have been moody, gained weight and feel overall not good. I am so bloated at times and my breasts hurt all throughout the month.
Did not work for me. But then I have not found anything that works for me.
I needed to get past a plateau in my weight loss journey, my doctor said that she recommended Contrave. First day was awesome. I felt very relaxed and only had a small appetite. Second day, no appetite, feeling doped up, and a little bit of nausea. Third day was absolute hell. I have never felt that awful in my life. Literally could not move. Husband said I looked like I was on my death bed. I definitely see how one would lose weight in that condition! Giving up and going to try phentermine. Have had several friends have great success on it. Praying for less side effects than the awful experience I had on Contrave.
Worst bc pill ever. I 've been on a few different pills and i 've never had a bad reaction until i took this one. I was getting my period twice a month and had awful mood swings.
I was prescribed Robaxin 750mg x 3 daily for muscle spasms via my pain management dr tho I wasn 't aware I was having muscle spasm in my lower back. I had failed laminectomy L4/L5 with several back injections post to help with the pain. Nothing has worked. Was on NucyntaER and Oxy 7.5/325  3x daily -this worked beautifully.  Dr changed oxy to 5mg &amp; replaced Robaxin 750 x3.   I  only taken 3 and I have suffered multiple charlie horses in my legs and toes; my leg remains stiff and I am terrified more spasm activity. Already my quality of life has changed for the worse. I am afraid to continue this drug. This is the only thing that has changed and I never had spasms before! Why would I take more?
The main reasons I started taking birth control was for heavy cycles and acne. I was taking Gianvi for a few years and it was awesome.... until the effects began to decrease. So my nurse practitioner switched me over to Blisovi. IT IS HORRIBLE! My acne has come back with a vengeance! It 's cystic around my jaw line and random spots on my face. Mood swings? I seriously feel like I 'm 8 different people. I 'm extremely sensitive &amp; irritable or I 'm full of energy &amp; enthusiastic. During the first month, I just figured it was because my body was adjusting. Currently on month three and its getting worse. Has anyone else had issues with insurance coverage for this one? I 'm paying almost $100/ mo for this b/c. Maybe its just my plan.
I have been on doxy almost three weeks and have seen no improvement whatsoever. Absolute waste of time, I do not recommend it.
I have had the iud 2 times. The first time I had no problems very little cramping, very light to no bleeding. I went in 2012 after my son was born to get it again, and this time it was horrible. I had a lot more pain when inserted. I went back into for a checkup with my doctor to make sure it was in place, and he couldnt see it or feel the strings. So he told me that my body rejected it. So I thought he meant it fell out. I ended up going to the pill, and happen to be pregnant with my 3rd child. In 2015 I went to a chiropractor and had an xray done, and low and behold the iud was still in me. Looked like it was inside the uterus too. Now I am having to face the possibility of having surgery to get it out. My 3rd child was early and in nicu
Does very little to deal with my pain.  I have both muscle and joint pain and it deals poorly with both.
I had horrible side effects including severe indigestion, diarrhea and vomiting.
Did not work the first night, was awake all night, felt so bad I called in sick the next day. It took about 3 nights before it did anything at all. Lunesta is a much better choice. My insurance won 't even cover generic lunesta, somebody must be getting paid off.
I have been on this for 5 yrs now. I have this eye tic, my joints hurt. I wish read up on the side effects earlier on.
Day 2, definitely noticing reduced cravings but super nauseous and weird pain in left side of neck plus super tired even though I 've been drinking a lot of coffee. I 've been reading the reviews online and I 'm not willing to continue taking with the serious side effects I 'm reading about.
Had it put in right after giving birth first five months while I was exclusively breastfeeding were ok I would get a period that was longer than usual with spotting between then the last 3 months when my baby started solids  and as my hormones changed it became awful I was heavy bleeding for nearly three months straight - blood clots and all. In the end I was so drained from it I had to get it removed
This was painful2 minutes after inserting the cream I was in burning fiery itchy hell!  I was concerned that I was having a serious reaction to the cream, then after reading others experiences I realized that this is one of the side effects, the package says to take at bedtime, I took during the day... I can not see how anyone would be able to sleep with the intensified burning!  I too had to hold a washcloth to my crotch and cry.
I never write reviews but figured this might help someone out. I HATED Lo loestrin fe . It made me super depressed and I gained 15 pounds on it . Not to mention I bled for two weeks straight during the second month of taking it. After I got off this pill I felt so much better.. This pill really was awful and messed with me more than a higher dose estrogen pill, would never recommend this
I 've been on this birth control for my acne. And my experience has been really bad. Within the first couple days my forehead has broken out terribly there 's a ton of little bumps a crossed it. I usually never get pimples on my forehead. I started also breaking out around my mouth. I hardly get acne there maybe a little. My jaw breaks out really bad. This gave me major anxiety to be in public. I hate going out on dates Bc of my face. Although my face looks terrible it kinda helped clear up my shoulders and chest. It definitely made my chest break out more but slowly cleared up. But , my face being so bad I am now switching to the big guns of acne control. Can 't wait to see those results.
Was only able to take it till the 4th day due to the severe side effects. Lost all energy, couldn 't eat, head pain etc. I think my body just has a hard time tolerating antidepressants.
My husband was dxed with adhd as adult at my urging due to impulsiveness, anxiety, inability to hold a job and scattered memory.  He was on Wellbutrin initially but changed to Adderall which was effective. Over the years he was on Strattera which lost effectiveness and was placed back on wellbutrin at his request. He has diabetes type 2 and anxiety and hypertension. Only on medication for a week and I am ready to pull my hair out. His anxiety is through the roof. Can 't sit still but must watch TV while playing on phone. His blood glucose was panic value last night  (441-normal 70-110), repeated himself multiple times, impulsive, left to play tennis but returned because forgot tennis racket and balls,  then coffee, two more things. Not okay!
I took this with 3 injections and had the bumps/nodules which were itchy, but with my 4th injection it bled quite a bit and I developed a rash, swelling and bruising.  When my doc saw it, she took me off.  That night I was very sick in the middle of the night throwing up.  I have lost 15 pounds in almost 4 weeks but I do not believe it 's the meds...I was still very hungry and it took extreme discipline to do this, in motivation to get off the meds.  I will do anything to get back to the weight needed without meds.  For now, I 'm going to try metformin for the first time.
Having been diagnosed with Shingles, I followed the doctors advise.....SILLY ME. I am a physically fit woman and work in the Fitness industry. No ailments in my life whatsoever. Extreme stomach cramping and the vomiting.
I started on trinessa 7 years ago, I had no problems whatsoever! It actually worked very well! Because of changing insurance companies I had to change pharmacies and I could only receive trisprintec. The pharmacist said it was the same thing..although it was a pill 3x bigger. I don 't believe it was the same dosage. Anyways when I first took the pill I noticed from the first day I was nauseous. I ended up quitting my birth control cold turkey on the 6th day of the pack because I couldn 't stand the nausea, headaches, and hot flashes. Since I 'm planning on starting a family here in a few months I am just going to stay away from this birth control method. I would not recommend this medication..although everyone is different. Just not for me.
I 've been using and still will use zolpidem for the last 8 years. I tried belsomra &quot;clean off zolpidem at least 20 hours.The belsomra at 15 mg made me yawn. That was what the Dr. recommended. Did not sleep at all. Next day I tried 20 mg. Ever hear of sleep paralysis? Well 20 mg I got sleepy. I was impressed. I started to dose off and the sleep paralysis started to hit me. I got up and made some coffee and I won 't take them anymore.Google sleep paralysis and you 'll find it is not pleasant to say the least. And they wanted $300.00 for 30. Ended up with 10 for free with a coupon. Got 8 1/2 left and will not use the anymore.Took it 4 hours ago.Zolpidem beats this belsomra by far. I rate belsomra in the negative 10. Merck, Thumbs down on this one....
I 'm very moody ,very snappy on this pill with a nonstop appetite. The worst part I haven 't been interested in sex for over 2 months!! I 'm married having sex all the time and CAN NOT climax. The worst, I will be changing my prescription.
I just received my last of 3 shots today. I 'm in so much pain and I have a very important computer install tomorrow at a big company and I 'm worried now. The first shot wan 't so bad, the second was about the same, but within days after the second shot I started experiencing shooting pains all throughout my right knee. The pain progressed as the days went by. With the 3rd shot as soon as the dr. removed the needle from my knee I tried to bend my leg to roll down my pant leg and it felt like someone drove a screw right threw my knee. And the drive home was even worse. I had a similar experience with a cortisone shot a few years ago. I was told by the another physician that it might have been an allergic response to the meds.
I have taken this medicine since it first came out.  I felt the tingle of a new sore the other day and bought a bottle of Abreva (this bottle has a pump to supply the medication which is more liquidish).  After 2 days of use I realized that no only had the Abreva NOT worked, my cold sore had spread to 3 times the original size and was still contagious (tingly and sore).  I mentioned this to my husband who said we had an older squeeze tube of Abreva (paste consistency) in his bathroom and he suggested I try that instead.  After 12 hours, 2 applications, the cold sore is already getting better.  My guess is that the makers of Abreva have watered down the active ingredient so much that it is no longer effective so they make more money.
I took Saphris for the first time recently. First I was sad, then couldn 't sleep, then paranoid and went into psychosis. Was told it wasn 't very sedating. Much prefer Seroquel!
Take this with a grain of salt, only took it once, but that once was enough. Took it at night, few hours later became very restless and only got 3 hours of sleep that night. Next day, it was still there and came with fury. Muscle aches everywhere, body twitches, everything. Had to take 10mg hydro to take the pain away, but still felt it even with that. Never taking it again, that pain was unreal.
OMG~  I took it and then ate.  I have had 22 hours of labor and delivery, natural childbirth.. So i know I was having horrible pains that lasted 8 sec 3 secs apart in my diaphragm and stomach.  I thought I was going to die.  In the heat of it if you had asked me if I would have wanted to die or live... I would have said take me on Lord.  It nearly killed me.
In 2008, a kindergarten kiddo knocked me down and I broke my femur. I ended up with a DVT and bilateral PEs. Took Warfarin but my INR was all over the place, so Doctor put me on Lovenox until all was clear. Fast forward to this past October 13, 2017. Woke up with swollen and hurting ankle. I feared a superficial clot. NEVER dreamt I had a DVT... Much less 3 huge clots from behind my knee stretching all the way to my ankle. Dr. started me on Elaquis and, of course, I was allergic to it. I was switched to Xarelto. 3 days later, I started having HORRIBLE headaches that began about one hour after taking the med and last ALL day long! I 'm up and down all night, either insomnia or leg cramps. I am waiting to hear from dr on a plan. HATE this med!
Horrible!  If you want constant spotting to bleeding..depression and hair loss...this will do it!  This causes hair loss.
Well, 7 weeks pregnant and diagnosed with tonsillitis and influenza. Tamiflu caused me to have continuous projectile vomiting for 3 hours after taking it. I had to discontinue treatment and ride the flu out. Body is handling the Amoxicillin fine though for the tonsillitis.
I have been on this compounded cream for almost 2 months for knee pain building up to surgery this Friday. I see no where that this medication is for pain which is what the label described it is intended use. I am wondering why this was Rx 'd.
I received injections in neck, shoulders and calf.  Serious side effects of feeling like I have been poisoned for 1-2 weeks after the injections.  I still have incredible pain and muscle weakness.  My calf muscle still cramped and knotted.  Difficulty swallowing at times.  I really don 't know if it worked at all for me.  It 's been a year and I still am wondering what benefits I am receiving.
I just recently used Epiduo Gel since I am having moderate breakouts which I fear to lead in a severe one and today was my second day. Frankly speaking, last night it brought an intolerable itchiness to the extent that I subconsciously scratched some parts of my face! I woke up this morning having a burning and flaky face.  Even my family did noticed it. Now, upon reading that this product can cause a rare yet serious skin irritation, I am having doubts if I would still continue to use it. My dermatologist prescribed me this medication and I would try to talk to her about this problem as soon as possible. Just a friendly reminder, it would sting a lot!!
I am 39 years old my whole life I had normal periods some months the cramping was awful but they were regular same time every month then about 2 years ago they began coming earlier every month I was having 1 twice a month I saw my Gyno 5 months ago (July) who did ultrasound  said it all looked normal I was back in Oct the bleeding was getting worse he prescribed Provera 10mg  once a day to start when I began bleeding again he said it would stop the bleeding so I did as instructed and bled for 10 days straight it stopped only to return 9 days later for another 9 days, stopped for a week then started again the 17th of this month(Nov) this time it started brown in color it is the 30th STILL bleeding
Hi All - I have been taking Oracea for about a week now and have actually found my rosacea to worsen.  I am considering stopping the treatment but wondering if anyone who likes the drug has had the experience of it getting worse before it gets better.  Feeling very self-conscious and frustrated.  Thank you.
I have only been on it a couple of days, but the side effects are terrible.  I am prone to insomnia, and this exacerbates it terribly.  Even with 10mg of Ambien at bedtime, I am only getting 3.5 hours of sleep.   I am also having muscle shakes, mostly at night.  I 'm having daytime muscle twitching that causes me to be very uncoordinated and drop things.  Last night while I was trying to sleep I saw strange geometric patterns, and when I would get close to actually falling asleep I would see a bright flash of light and hear a booming noise which would wake me back up again.  Considering all of that I am able to function pretty well in the day time.  Also: constipation...
started on a low dose and became a zombie. All I wanted to do was sleep. I couldn 't focus on anything, school, work. family. I know others it has worked for. My wiring doesn 't seem to accept it.
8/28/17 went to ER with Severe &amp; unusual headache (with previous/ current health issues ), and wanted to rule out stroke (as I was diagnosed in 2013 with  'TIA ' a mini stroke). After tests a stroke was ruled out but told I had Bronchitis. Hmm, never got a answer on how they came up with that conclusion &amp; was given a RX for Doxycycl HYC 100MG ( 2X 's a day for 10 day 's ) after 1st days dose Wow! The nausea, Even More Severe headache &amp; body  pain, etc... &amp; the headache was even more Severely Pounding than when I 1st went into ER ! 2days into taking this STUFF, this Drug! I searched the web for info &amp; found there 's Way too many severe &amp; serious Side Effects for me  that outweigh any possible benefits !So I 'm done ! I 'm through with this drug too!
With in the first 20 minutes of taking this medication,  I started dizzy, disoriented, my mouth had gotten numb . With in 45 minutes I went into full anaphylactic shock and was taken to the er. So unfortunately this isn 't for me.  I just had my 3rd colonoscopy and  actually now have severe Crohn 's.  Getting ready to start remicaide. I 'm nervous but hopefully this will rid the pain and suffering I 've been going through.
I took  the 145 mcg for chronic constipation.  It worked ok for a week then I didn 't have a bowel movement for a couple of days, then diarrhea one day and regular movement the next.  I got a lot of gas and flatulence.  Within a month it stopped working so I contacted my doctor.  He said to take 2 capsules equal to 290 mcgs.  I got diarrhea for 2 days, then no bowel movement then some normal movement.  More gas pains and flatulence.  Very disappointed with the medication.  Doesn 't really work as advertised.  I will tell my doctor about it when I see him for my follow up.  This medication sucks.
I started Augmentin on Thursday morning because I had typhoid. My doctor insisted it will clear it and make me feel better.  Since Thursday,  I have experience extreme diarrhea,  nausea,   and body pains.  I wake up 8 -10 times during the night to vomit and stool.  Both happens simultaneously and as at this morning of the fourth day,  I feel like I might never get better. I am going to stop it. I have no more strength to even puke or sit up.  I can 't lie on my belly or back either and my two sides are aching seriously due to the constant support
I used Boniva I.V. once. Had flu like symptoms, headache, runny nose, watery eyes, chest pain and achy hips. Wont take it again!
I 've had macrobid twice now for UTI and I feel like I 'm gonna die, can 't take a lot of antibiotics bc I am allergic to penicillin and sulfates. But this medication scares the hell outta me, I 'm pregnant and I 've stopped taking it for three days and symptoms haven 't disappeared
I took one 3mg Lunesta at 9;00 pm, IT IS NOW 4:15 am AND AM AWAKE!   help!!!!
My experience with this pill has been terrible. I switched from Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo because it was no longer combatting my acne and my sex drive had started dropping. I got put on Pimtrea and I used it for 3 months which has honestly been a total nightmare. I was bloated all the time, would fly off the handle, insanely irritable, having weird cravings, super anti-social, absolutely zero sex drive, and would have dramatic crying episodes over little things. It didn 't seem to help my acne either. My self-esteem was in the toilet. I was NOT myself when I was on this pill. I recently made the switch to the patch and 3 days in I have already noticed a huge difference. I hope that the patch will work better for me than this did.
I was in the ER because my chest was fluttering and I figured maybe its dehydration I have been nauseous and not able to drink without the feeling of nausea. I 'm 6 weeks pregnant. So they gave me zofran and benadryl via IV the lady pushed my medicines within seconds and my heart began racing and a warm feeling in my chest and I began shaking for a few hours feeling like death. I was cold and when I started feeling warm again I had goosebumps all over. I went to sleep and woke up because I was sweating so much in a cold sweat.Later after I left the ER I started having sharp chest pains. I didn 't know that the medicine they gave me would possibly cause birth defects. I 'm beyond mad. The nausea is gone but never again. I wouldn 't recommend.
I was on Loestrin 24 Fe for about 2 months. I 'm active and have a very busy lifestyle but this pill just made me feel like a lunatic. I felt like I was on the verge of crying all the time, really depressed, really anxious and really tired. Serious mood swings, headaches, breast tenderness, acne- it also made me starving- like Permanent PMS. I didn 't want to work out and I didn 't want to socialize. I gained maybe 5lbs but that 's probably from not working out and eating way more. It did make my heavy crampy periods light and short and my breasts noticeably bigger. Birth Control is different for everyone, I 'm very in tune with my cycle when I 'm ovulating and very sensitive to a shift in my hormones. This one was just not right for me.
I have had epilepsy all my life. I am 48 and been on Dilantin all my life except for the last 5 months.  About 5 months ago I had a grand mal seizure and my family dr. wanted me to see a neurologist since I haven 't seen one for awhile. Well after seeing my neurologist she changed my medication to Kappa. I really hate this drug. I would maybe have a few to maybe 4 to 5 seizures a yr. that I could feel coming on, now I have had to many to count in the last 5 months than I have had since I was on Dilantin. All the seizures I have had since I have been on Kappra I have not felt coming on, I am very moody, I feel like crap all the time and over all I hate my life. I just want to get back to myself and go back to work but right now I cant.
My son took 18mgs for 2 days and it was like there were five children wrapped up in him at one time.  He was nasty, negative, unhappy, and would not stop moving for 3 days after his second dose. We and the doctors were shocked at this reaction.
After upping dosage to 20 mg my vision started messing up. We lowered it and are titrating off of it now. My vision is still messed up. I can no longer see through my glasses very well. I 'm seeing a specialist next week. My head throbs as wee and nausea. My vision better return or someone will be in trouble.
I was taking Opana ER 20 and was switched by my doctor to Emeda 30 1.2MG. I experienced a significant increase in pain level and break through pain occurred within 2-3 hours. Other adverse effects included sweating, nausea, and constipation.
Took Prozac for many years, by right supposed to treat depression. Before taking the medication, I didn 't have any Depression, but it only started years after taking it. Libido has gone. And than had Obsessive Compulsive Disorder getting worse. High irritability, and gets angry with people almost always. 
Does not work if you 're a real smoker 35 year 's or more this is not for you.
One month, I think I 'm starting a depression, so tired, hard time working out. Stopping it
After taking the 2nd pill I developed raised red welts on my neck, shoulders and upper chest.  I immediately stopped taking Malarone.  The next day the raised welts were replaced by another rash where the skin was cracked, dry and felt hot to touch....like a bad burn.  After a week of the new rash continuing to spread I went to the emergency room.  I was immediately put on predisone and I was told if my rash continued to spread and develop blisters I would then need to seek immediate emergency medical treatment.  I was endanger of developing Steven-Johnson Syndrome.  It has been four weeks since I first took this drug.  The rash is gone and my skin has peeled but I am now being tested systemic damage/ liver damage.
Pros- predictable periods, clear skin Cons- 20lb weight gain, increased anxiety, worsened depression, very irritable, exhausted, insomnia and heavy, long periods.
I have been in chronic pain for many years I have c1 c2 3 4 5 6 7 9 of the spine bone spurs sister after on my spine spinal stenosis scoliosis l5 is degenerative degenerative disc disease degenerative joint disease multiple sclerosis my hip is cracked on both sides I have six kinds of cyst on my head there is no gap on my head every bone is cracked debbie is cracked both knees are bad nerve damage in my hands and on my legs have been on methadone 60 milligrams for about 5 years and oxycodone 15 milligrams 4 times a day for breakthrough pain that worked great but they switched me to morphine sulfate er 60 mill today 's tI 'm not going through withdrawals but it still not help my pain has anybodafter switching from methadone to morphine sulfate
The Nexplanon was awful for me! The only positive thing about it was my periods were reduced to a few days of spotting. It gave me awful anxiety and daily panic attacks. After doing some research this isn 't as uncommon as I thought. I just got it removed and I 'm going to give the Paragard a try. Hopefully it will work better for me because Nexplanon was a nightmare!
I was given 30mg. To help with my insomnia. ..and after hallucinating and heart palpitating all night...I was so zombied out all day long I can 't function properly. ..I 'm gonna lose my job, over this medication...I have to discontinue. I feel detached from my mind and body, my Dr.said lowering the dose will cause more sedation...any advice???
This is ahorrid med. Made me hallucinate and tons of other stuff
I am a really happy person and this drug made me depressed. I did not want to hang out with my friends and I would randomly cry. Do not do it.  It does not even help with your ADHD
I wanted to warn others of my experience. I have used plan B before and nothing happened probably because I wasn 't ovulating. On April 11 I ovulated and had sex, 4 days later I took plan B. I know this is not how you 're supposed to do it entirely but I 've heard of you 're already pregnant it doesn 't affect anything. A month later I found out I was pregnant and it was an ectopic. I 've never had an ectopic pregnancy before and I have a child so I can carry a full term baby. It 's just a thought but I think plan B caused my ectopic.
My recommendation - if you have a panic disorder, get on situational meds like klonopin or xanax. This may not be a wise decision if you have an addiction problem/addictive personality, but klonopin saved my life. Before klonopin, though, I took zoloft. Zoloft made me incredibly sick and very depressed. I have never had depression, only the panic disorder. Situational meds reminded me what it felt like to be normal, and after awhile I was able to mimic that normalcy on my own.
I have been on this for almost a full month, and can 't wait to get off of it. The nausea has been awful, I was prescribed zofran which did nothing, and then was prescribed phenergan, it made it bareable. This has felt like being seasick 24/7, my pain management doctor will not change me to something new untill I see him again. If he doesn 't take me off of this I will be looking for a new doctor.
My pharmacy changed my birth control pill to this. From the very beginning I experienced symptoms that my doctor did not explain to me. I began experiencing shortness of breath, tachycardia, severe dizziness, heart burn and indigestion. I also noticed that every time I drank coffee the symptoms would get worse. I do not recommend this medication. I got off this medication about 3 weeks ago and now I 'm feeling much better except for the occasional dizzy spell. Working out and eating well have helped me manage the symptoms. Please consider other brands because it 's not worth feeling sick all the time while taking this medication.
I give this a 0 as with all other antidepressants because they don 't relieve symptoms naturally.  I also had an extremely bad reaction with this one.
My gyno switched me from Teva (brand name) to a generic. The generic wreaked HAVOC on my moods. As someone who suffered from bad PMS already I was led to believe this would help. Did quite the opposite. Triggered months long depression and anxiety. I had preexisting problems with both that were exacerbated by this pill. After wasting at least $800 dollars seeing a shrink and going off of the pill I went to see a psychiatrist who put me on Lexapro which has made me feel a million times better. I know everyone reacts differently to different pills, but I would warn someone with a genetic predisposition to depression and anxiety to be VERY careful going on this pill. Doctors don 't always care enough to listen before they prescribe medicine.
I had a horrible reaction to Cipro! It made me really ill.  
I don 't know how to rate this drug. I have tried almost every antidepressant available since 1991, and this is the only one that truly worked. My life improved in all ways since I started it approx 4 months ago. When I raised my dose from 10mg to 20mg I had tachycardia, blood pressure changes, shaking episodes, so went back down to 10mg. Weeks later developed severe back pain spreading to all joints so now I can barely walk, just agonizing pain all of the time. I am so disappointed, I was absolutely in love with this drug.
I had my Nexplanon inserted in December 2014. So, I 'm about a year and a half in. I have had mood swings, excruciating headaches, depression, and weight gain of 30 pounds!! I would not recommend this to anyone!
I was also switched from Aviane to Orsythia.  I am halfway through month two, and the fatigue, bloating and nausea are so bad I actually thought I was pregnant!  I will be stopping mid-pack as I spent the entire day at work trying to not get sick all over my desk.  I 'm also waiting for my doc to write me a new prescription.  
I was given this medication in the emergency room for the anxiety I was having. It did nothing for me. I 'm bipolar plus I have anxiety. I 'm looking for something new. I was on klonopin but was taken off of it because it 's highly addictive. I had taken that for 24 years. That helped a lot. I 'm disappointed that atarax didn 't work.
On the morning of my second pill of Tamiflu, I went to have my hair done. Hair salon used the same chemicals on me that they have been for over 8 years and had a severe skin reaction with the bleach, due to Tamiflu. I had purple hives all over my face, my lips were red and swollen, my upper torso was covered in a red burning rash and my scalp has burns and sores all over it. I contacted my urgent care facility who administered it to me and they said severe skin reaction is a side symptom. I stopped taking the Tamiflu at their advice. 
I 'm pregnant and bought Emetrol for morning sickness. I took one dose and within 2 hours I broke out in a rash on my hands, arms, neck, face and back. I guess I 'm allergic to it.
I 've had Nexplanon since July 2016. From July to December I was bleeding non stop. The bleeding let up on random days, but continued to have a period. My gyno put me on 1 mg estrogen pills to help me regulate and I stayed regulated until March 2017. Now I 'm starting to have the brown discharge/spotting everyday, cramps, tender breasts, etc. Literally have pregnancy symptoms and I 'm most definitely not pregnant. Since the Nexplanon was inserted in July I have gained all my pregnancy weight back (35lbs). I 'm already on depression medication and since I 've had the nexplanon it 's like the medication doesn 't even work. I 'm tired ALL the time and depressed. Definitely DO NOT RECOMMEND. Only reason I gave it a 2 is because I didn 't get pregnant.
Had a severe reaction to this medication one first dose including waking in the middle of the night dizzy and disoriented, proceeding to vomit repeatedly, numbness in fingertips and gums, severe chills and then soaking in sweat, and difficulty speaking. Took a trip to the ER. I am sure that it works for some people, but the side effects can be very scary. Make sure someone is aware you took it and keeps an eye on you. It is very unlikely you will have a reaction like I did, but having someone in the know will save you some trouble if you do have a bad reaction.
Was prescribed this med invokana but scared to take it after reading all the reviews think I 'm changing my mind about this medicine!!!!! I 've been type 1 for almost 17 years
I had Versed for a Colonoscopy ~14 years ago.  I was not told in advance I would be &quot;put out&quot; and my memory be erased.  After been hooked up to the IV, for pain management, the nurse said &quot;you don 't want to remember this anyway.&quot;  I went out as the procedure started and woke up in recovery.  I went home and shook for 4 hours.  For the next 10 years or so my short-term memory was impaired. I attended a service school thereafter and had a lot of trouble remembering items for tests.  I normally do very well . I have reoccurring nightmares of the procedure (PTSD?).  This is terrible drug, it is immoral to erase one 's memory without their full understanding in advance. I bear a lot of animosity towards the clinic.  I will never allow its use again
Not worth it. I went into early labor with my first three pregnancies, which all got stopped with a pill Around 34 weeks. I ended up actually having them at 37 weeks, 37weeks, &amp;36weeks. Now with pregnancy (4th) my doc encouraged me to use the Makena shots. I started them at about 18 weeks, not only are they very expensive but getting them every week was a huge hassle! plus they hurt when getting it injected and the longer I got them they became more painful and itchy and I even got a huge bruise one time. Plus they made me feel off and I felt shaky and and sore. Then to top it all off I still got random contractions and I started to dilate at 30 weeks. So in my book I feel like it was way more stress and hassle to deal with and a ton of$
Been on liptitor for 2 months. Woke up on Monday with problems with my hands, memory loss, mood swings, and loss of thoughts. Doctor told me to discontinue. Hope everyday I get back to normal.
Severe blood clots in my arms starting week 1 and I know for a fact it is from this pill. I do not recommend this to anyone.
Took Free Trial. Unfortunately, I guess I 'm one of the rare one 's it 's not working for. I 'm still hungry &amp; craving fried bologna, chocolate, taco 's, etc. : (  I 'm really not that overweight but, still could lose about 20-lbs. I tried it &amp; I got a slight headache at first &amp; I have to admit I didn 't feel like drinking a beer after work which I usually do. It also pepped up my mood, I felt like dying laughing over the craziest things that I thought was funny. As for the decrease in appetite maybe slightly but, I always eat small portions anyways, the bad thing is is that I do it all day long. It seems like it didn 't make me eat as much all day though. More power to you guys that it worked for &amp; I 'm happy for you! I 'm going to try Phentermine.
I was on this pill for just three weeks and noticed a major increase in anxiety and depression.  I was miserable until I realized it wss from this pill.  I stopped it immediately and shortly began feeling so much better.  If you have a history of anxiety do not take this pill
Will give you extreme anxiety, shortness of breath, insomnia etc etc etc.in the short term. I could not continue with it and I am still getting severe side effects. What on earth is this medication?
Took one dose and broke out in a rash up left arm, then the same arm became numb and tingly. Got the sweats real bad, had to take Benadryl right away.
Worst Prep ever!! Terrible chemical, heavy lemon taste. Took the two litres and water as directed. IT DID NOT WORK.. I have used other preps that worked great. Don 't waist you time with this one. Went for colonoscopy, and had to be abandoned, moviprep had failed to work and my colon was full of faeces. All that preperation for nothing, i even went on a liquid diet prior and it still failed. Also REAL BAD SIDE EFFECTS. EXTREME PAIN FOR DAYS AFTERWARD AND STOMACH GURLING. Now got to do all over again with different prep.
What a nightmare. I got melasma with my 3rd pregnancy and tried everything home remedy with no results. I go see a Dr and he recommends TriLuma at $140 a small tube I thought this better work. Within a week I was seen results I was so excited. Continued use for a month and about 80% was gone I was happy. Once I felt it was all gone I stopped using it. Within 2 weeks it came back and with a vengeance! Now I have it in spots I didn 't have before and darker. So of course I started back up using it and again it worked. Got off and again it came back. I use a sunscreen that is 80SPF and never do outdoor activities so I know its not me. My Dr told me this cannot be used longterm cause it thins out the skin. Soooo not only a waste of money. I ended up worse save ur money
Horrible! I have been a smoker for 14 years.  I tried chantix and the dreams are so bad I didn 't sleep but a hour or so a day for 21 days before going crazy from sleep deprivation. I attempted to harm myself multiple times, lost my job &amp; boyfriend, I had to send my kids off because I feared what I might do. I trusted nobody cause I feared they were all out to get me. I couldn 't breathe, my whole left side went numb for a week...this medication ruined my life and I 'm still a smoker (which I feel safer doing)
Does not work at all; on the top of all regular symptoms I got the significant side effects of a drug. Going back to Tylenol at least has no problem with side effects, works for pain a little.
I never have side effects from medicines so I foolishly took Nuvigil without reading the literature. Couldn 't figure out where the headaches, fever and general feeling of  'being sick ' came from.  Palpitations, the tingling in extremities, feeling as though my mind was always two steps ahead of my reactions...just too much.  I feel fortunate nothing worse happened.
This stuff is the so BAD! I almost died yesterday!!! If 1 pill made me feel this way, surely taking 4 pills a day will have me 6 feet under ground! Stay away from this trash and try something else!
I had prescribed yasmin to help with cystic acne and hirtuism as I was told I had pcos. It was great at first I lost about 4/5 lbs my skin started to clear (no crazy initial breakout, phew!) Mood improved, sex drive improved, I was travelling in Oz and eating rubbish but I literally started piling on the pounds, I spent most of my time in Oz feeling bloated, heavy and self concious. After that I started to exercise and eat clean for weeks but could not loose a lb. So I quit after 7 months on it. Put on another 5 lbs! After a long 3 months off yasmine and 7 weeks in between periods I started to loose weight! Skin stayed clear with use of epiduo (recommend) 5 months off  and my periods are back to normal and still loosing. Wasn 't worth it at all. 
I have tried several different kinds of birth control pills. My main concern is heavy, abnormal periods but it is also my preferred method of birth control. Yasmin made me borderline nuts so I expressed that concern with my PCP when trying Aviane. Aviane did not make me as emotional but I felt really unhealthy taking it. I did notice an increased appetite but no significant weight gain. However my ankles got super swollen. The worst part about this pill is the insane acne that I got. I am 30 and have never had any serious skin problems. My skin is so awful that I had to discontinue this pill as of yesterday. I am in sales and my chin is so broken out in huge pimples that it is making it painful for me to talk.
Took tablet 10hrs after intercourse, and still have fallen pregnant!!!!! Not what we were wanting, I really hope people don 't rely on this like we did! First and last time that we 'll use this!
I was on Yaz for 4 years, I really liked it. I didn 't gain weight, but I did notice my period wouldn 't start until right before I would be starting a new pack. I switched to the generic to save money and right away I noticed my period symptoms became much more severe then before. I then switched to Beyaz. I didn 't notice it a first but my sex drive was diminishing, I first blamed it on stress but after 6 months I realized that something was really wrong. I went from having a very healthy sex drive to not having one at all, I was also a lot more moody then before. I really don 't recommend anyone taking this medication. What 's the point of being on birth control if your not going to WANT to have sex.
I have had the copper coil for just over 3 years now and would certainly never recommend to others!! I 've experienced persistent:- Pelvic pain/cramps even when it 's not my time of the month!- really heavy periods/clots!- Migraines.- Skin breakouts.- Hair loss.- Depression/anxiety.The list is endless!! I finally researched the copper iud and found thousands of women if not more with exactly the same symptoms!! I am finally getting mine removed on Wednesday and I cannot wait!!!
For ME it was awful.  I was on this pill for 7 days.  I went to the doctor today because my heart was beating so fast on these pills and I was paranoid, anxious, shaking, and very very Bit**y.  I thought I was having a heart attack at work I was crying, it was awful. I went to the doctor and I couldn 't get words out.  My pulse was 115 and blood pressure was high (never ever is) it just shot up. The doctor said I was having a panic attack and that it is due to the medication.  She took me off it and for the next 5 days I am on LORAZEPAM 0.5MG (sedative to calm me down - take it at night) and switching me back to sertaline.  This was the worst experience of my life.  I thought I was going to end up in the ER or dead.
I took lithium twice by with no other drugs. First for a few days. I stopped because it made me feel flat &amp; it more difficult to think of the right word to use. My vocabulary &amp; ability to articulate were noticeably worse. I took it again at my doctor 's advice- 300 mg for one week, then switched to 600 mg. The day I took the 600 mg I was so angry that I wouldn 't leave the house because I thought I 'd pick a physical fight (something I 've never done). I stopped taking it altogether, and now my memory is much worse than it 's ever been (memory has always been a severe problem for me to begin with). I generally have a harder time getting anything done, speak a lot more awkwardly now, and have been pretty upset that Lithium made my life worse.
Before getting pregnant with my daughter, I had heavy somewhat regular periods that would last 7 days or more. After giving birth, I chose the patch at my 6 week checkup. I was on the patch for 7 months and it worked just fine but I wanted something I didn 't have to keep taking. So, I decided on nexplanon and the last 10 months I 've maybe had 2 weeks without my period. Very effective since I can 't have sex. I just got it taken out and got the mirena instead and I 'm hoping that works better for me!
This stuff is useless, in fact I am coughing more and worse after taking it.  Thank goodness I only bought a small bottle, since it is kind of expensive for something that does not work at all.  Will never take this garbage again.
I 'm 18 and have been prone to getting yeast infections ever since I hit puberty. I 've never used the over the counter creams until today. I 've always used oral prescriptions. I tried getting an appointment with the OB GYN but they were booked. So I decided to give the Monistat 7 day treatment a shot after searching for the best over the counter treatments. I didn 't even put the applicator as far in as it could go and only used half a dosage and my vagina is on fire. It feels like Satan 's playground. I cried for 45 minutes straight because of this stuff. I was contemplating on waking my mom up to take me to the ER. I ran a bath and quickly washed out as much as I could. Now the burning is in waves and a bit more tolerable but still awful.
This medication did nothing for my pain. Had to stop taking Ultram after 5 days due to extreme agitation.
Started taking losartan on Saturday January 23rd, 2016. After my 3rd daily dose of 50 milligram, I developed a dry cough that lasted approximately 6 hours, and I was coughing about every 3 minutes. I coughed so hard that eventually had blood spotting in my spit. I developed a massive headache and I was vomiting. Over the night I developed a high temperature of approximately 102.2 degrees. I went to Urgent Care for some medical attention and told of all the side effects I was having which were as follows; heart rate was increased from approximately 78 beats per minute - 114 beats per minute. Had increased blood pressure of 160 / 104. Had pain in jaw  and right bicep. I was urinating approximately every 20 minutes. And more horror!
Horrible. I 'm 5 feet and 2 inches and I should be around 108 pounds. Within 3 weeks this pill has made me EXTREMELY hungry like I 've never been before. Also gained 10 pounds in 3 weeks! I would not recommend:(
I 'm male, 52, and a diabetic on insulin. I developed severe diabetic-onset peripheral neuropathy six years ago and was prescribed Neurontin at that time. I took it for a couple of weeks, and it did not work well for me. I felt nauseous, and my thinking was not clear. An ER doctor prescribed Cymbalta, and that medicine has been a God send. I do have to live with the side effects of sometimes having trouble sleeping and sometimes feeling wonky-headed, but those are easy trade-offs for the complete pain relief that I feel.
Side effects aren 't worth it for me.
My daughter  was a high school XC &amp; Track athlete.  She was a class champion in both XC &amp; Track &amp; was recruited to run on college.  My daughter was prescribed this pill in February 2017 for acne &amp; to help control her period.  At. First it was ok.  The acne cleared up &amp; her period was less severe.   She had an amazing Indoor track season qualifying for National competition.  Then In April she began to experience muscle fatigue &amp; weight gain.  Also mood swings.  Her race times dropped drastically!  We went to the DR ran blood test etc.  Everything came back fine.  I started to look at the side effects of this pill and began to look into the effect of the pill on female athletes.  Not good!  Athletes do not take Tri-Sprintec!!!!!!!
I took one dose and I felt nausea the next night I took a second dose and woke out my sleep and my tongue had swollen up. I had to be rushed to the hospital but the UTI went away serious terrible scary situation never again
After using 2 pumps per day for 4 months total testosterone levels dropped from 224 to 174. Worthless product.
I went into the ER last week on Wednesday with a horrible migraine. Received Compazine, Zofran and Benadryl IV all at once then sent home. Immediately, I felt like I was going to lose my mind. Thank God for the Benadryl, I was able to sleep for a bit, but every time I woke up I still felt despair, jittery, disoriented and overall  'weird. ' Tomorrow will be a week, and I 'm glad I have an appointment with my primary to tell him about my reaction. Praying he has a solution to get this feeling to pass and SOON. I am a nurse, have 2 children and am a single mother. Cannot afford to feel this way for long. I will never take that med again.
I had the implant for three months and then had it removed. I became very emotional, overly sensitive and very depressed. I initially did not recognize that this was being caused by the implant but as soon as I did I made the appointment to have it removed. I felt significantly better within a few days. I know everyone is different so I am not writing this to deter anyone from getting it but rather to share my experience.
this medication gave me a bad reaction, it gave me restlessness in my legs and suicidal thoughts, i don 't recommend this drug for me personally.
I was on this pill for almost 3 months.  It gave me horrible painful cystic acne.  I broke out a little bit before taking this pill, but it was constant with this pill. Also my skin was really itchy, only after using constant topical steroids did I begin to wonder what was causing the itching and did some research.  Made anxiety much worse and crying all the time.  The side effects were too much.  Had to stop right before the 3 month mark.
1200mg xr per day worked and stopped my mental process enough to pave the road to recovery. I developed arthritis in both hands and the most savage ADDICTION ever known to man i was now facing. I have now stopped compleatly and all the words and reviews can never prepare you for such an experience. I took the cold turky approach and 3 months of violent withdrawls i have stayed clear. I WOULD RECOMMEND OTHER TREATMENTS BEFORE THIS AS A LAST RESORT.It saved my life but at what cost. I still have mental health issues amd arthritis  but i quickly get on with my day when i realise i could be back taking them.
At first I saw little effect, until I reached 65 units, It was not a remarkable change 10 pts on my sugar reading. But I got a weird laryngitis and a persistent cough with throat phlegm that went from Christmas until mid  March when I finally figured out it was caused by Tresiba. Stopping the inject let the symptoms go away. Very uncomfortable side effects.
Side effect concerns :  After three day of taking 325mg twice a day I became light headed, rapid heart rate (like it was going to jump out of my body) and extreme tiredness.  I stopped on day four and this may be unrelated but have a bad leg cramp, in my calf.  Concerns of a blood clot are high for me (no medical professional has looked at my leg yet).
Tonight is my first night taking this antibiotic. I have a inner ear infection. Let me tell you, Its 2:15AM and I 'm up because the stomach ache I 'm having right now. I also took right with a meal!! I 'm calling first thing in the morning to hopefully change to something else. I can 't go through 10 days of this!!
I was on femHRT for four months and had BV (bacterial vaginitis) all four months...it worked well for symptom management but the side effect was horrible. On an antibiotic every month until we figured out that the femHRT was causing the BV. Stopped taking it, the symptoms came back but no more BV.
I have been on Cymbalta for a while and my doctor kept upping my dose because I was seeing no difference in my moods. After being on 90mg daily for weeks and feeling nauseated most of it and still no difference, my doctor took me off of it.
This is the same as the other one with electrolyte listed but its nasty; to drink a gallon is horrendous. They need to make a better tasting type of drink or flavor pack or something. I have been suffering from constipation for years and to drink this prior to my test tomorrow is just beyond me. It 's been since 9:30 am and I 'm still drinking it. The doctors said if you get nauseous etc etc drink it slower and it will still do the job.
I was diagnosed with tonsillitis/strep condition. I was given a prescription of 7 pills. Took my first pill with water at 3:39PM and woke up at 5:30PM with my heart racing at over 120bpm and felt every blood vessel in my body pulsating. This lasted for only about 45 seconds to a minute I think. I was more worried about going into cardiac arrest than timing how long this was going on for. After that read forums on long lasting horrible side effects. No other symptoms till the next day. Woke up with sore knees. Did more &quot;internet research on this drug and how it should be banned. My toes and heels are tingling, numb and feel like pins/needles and burning. Called my Dr. for a different prescription. Zithromax, which is fine.
I get repetitive yeast infections, so it took three treatments with Diflucan for three different infections before I realized that Diflucan was the thing that was causing the painful, blistering skin rash I was getting about once a month.  I was having what it is known as &quot;fixed skin ulceration.&quot;  Ulcers in my mouth, blisters on my hands and leg, always in the same exact spots each time and always very painful.  No one told me there was even a chance that I was allergic to this medicine and when I sought treatment for the second and then third episodes, the doctors completely missed it.  There needs to be more information out there about this as the company only reports one previous person ever having this same reaction, yet it happened to me.
I had a major bladder infection and was prescribed Cipro.  I had diarrhea and dizzy spells the entire time I took this medicine.  I told my new primary doctor to prescribe Amoxicillin.  He told me that Cipro is better.  My former doctor prescribed Amoxil and I never had problems with that medicine.
I was given this medicine through an IV while visiting the ER for a migraine. Reglan gave me the worst feeling that I 've ever had. I had a major panic attack within minutes. I had weird thoughts and my body could not stop shaking, especially my legs. There was a pool of sweat under me. I felt trapped and thought I was going to die. I wanted to tear out the IV needle a leave. The panic only lasted 2 hours, but it felt like 2 days. I hope to never have that feeling again.
Took levothyroxine for 32 years.  In last 3 years, the weight gain, bloat, insomnia and overall funk became unbearable.  Saw everyone is having similar trouble.  Quit, cold turkey, 2.5 months ago.  Feeling much better, immediately began losing weight.  They say stopping was supposed to be dangerous, but I had no issues.  Am not taking any other supplements.
I 'm a pharmacy student and have taken Lexapro. This is supposed to be one of the most effective drugs on the market for anxiety and depression. I suppose I 'm the exception, because taking Lexapro was terrible. I switched from Celexa (worked decently), which is chemically very similar to Lexapro. My doctor and I decided to try it thinking I would get even better results. That didn 't happen. Lexapro turned me into a paranoid hermit. My anxiety hit the roof, I would have random depression episodes and begin crying for no apparent reason. Constant worrying. I will NEVER take this pill again. I 'm on Prozac now which has worked wonderfully. But like I said- Lexapro works very well and has helped many people. Just not me.
I was on the yaz contraceptive pill for only around 6-8 months, but it was the worst experience. I complained about acne to my doctor and she recommended it, but I did not notice a drastic difference in my breakouts while on the pill. I had been on alesse for 2 years before switching to yaz so I was well aware of some of the side affects to birth control pill use. When I switched to yaz I honestly felt miserable and immediately noticed my sex drive decreased drastically and I had low energy all the time. I had never felt that way while on alesse and I thought perhaps it was only a side effect to just starting the new pill. However, in the entire time I was taking yaz my mood did not change and I felt it best to switch back to alesse.
I became pregnant with twins, as I was not informed to refrain from sexual activity for 2 weeks. 
I took it for depression, but after a year it still didn 't do anything for me. I had no side effects whatsoever, which was good, but I also had no noticeable improvement in my mood, either. I guess it just wasn 't for me. It was like taking a vitamin.
I actually have ADD. This may work for many people, but it gave me bad chest pain.
I found it to be not very effective. Yes, it helps some. for me it is less effective than flonase and Benadryl together.
I havd been taking Losartan 50 mg for 10 years. I had eclampsia with my second baby and never went back to normal. 5 '10&quot; 158 lbs very active 45 year old woman. I excersice and on low salt diet for years. It stopped working and my Cardiologist put me on Edarbi 80 mg. Worst drug I 've tried. I 've been on it for 3 weeks. My BP is getting higher and higher. Last reading of 180/100 today. From second dose I 've had chest pressure, shortness of breath, really bad back pain. Left arm pain... fluttering in my heart. I had never had any of this symptoms before. The only thing that has changed was Edarbi. I 'm really scared and seeing my doctor tomorrow to stop thus drug immediately. Not worked for me :(
I started this medicine in April 2017 after coming off of Zoloft (250mg/day) wanting to try something new and the zoloft wasn 't really cutting it anymore after being on it for years. My Dr recommended this medicine and around the same time I was having stomach ulcer issues so I didn 't contribute the nausea I 've been having to this medicine. I 'm on 20mg/day and I vomit daily from the severe nausea. I 've lost almost 10 lbs  in the past month from vomiting almost every time I eat, anywhere from an hour to 5 hours after I eat something. DAILY. I 've had tests ran on my stomach and everything has come back normal so now I am thinking it is this medicine making me so sick, especially after reading so many bad reviews on it for this reason.
I started Buspar four days ago, and my anxiety is unbearable now. I suffer from severe migraine which has gotten worse since the first dose. Since it 's only been days maybe I will try one more week to see if my anxiety gets better but from the looks of it I doubt it.
Third shot of Lupron and suffering a lot. Joint pain and depression. But doctor does not agree it has side effects.
After two weeks I couldn 't take it. My nerves felt so thin every little normal everyday snafu became an emotional overload. I was angry in a flash at at work, and also on the road while driving, making me realize how unsafe and untenable my life had seemed to become. I would also randomly feel like crying at work which only created extra stress to try to keep calm. After a couple different sick days where I tried to relax and integrate the medicine, I realized with intuition it just wasn 't all in my head. So I stopped and felt more normal soon after. I was also bloated and nauseous while taking it.  My advice is try it if you want but if you start having emotional problems don 't wait around trying to adjust or assume it 's all in your head.
I had been using Flomax for the past 3 years and my urologist suggested I try this new medicine Rapaflo. Well I took it for 5 days and it became very difficult to urinate so I switched back to Flomax and all is flowing well again.
Olanzapine did not work for me, my psychosis symptoms did not improve at all, if anything it made them worse. It made me constantly dizzy and very tired. I could barely function, or even keep my eyes open, I would sometimes fall asleep sitting up. Constant napping there was no choice. I felt like a zombie with no feelings or emotions which is worse than my original condition imo. And the worst part is you do not have a sex life when on this medication at all! No desire to have sex, it actually hurts to have sex and it 's impossible to orgasmI was a pretty small person to begin with around 120-125 and I eat a healthy low carb/sugar diet, no processed foods mostly organic fresh vegtables and oils, never over eating. So when my doctor told me that I would probably gain weight I didn 't think it would actually happen but I took it for 7 months and I ended up weighing 166! It was so depressing and now I have permanent stretch marks on my body :( I don 't take any medication any more and I honestly feel so much better. Also if you research olanzapine it 's a pretty dangerous drug and has killed a lot of people.&nbsp;&nbsp;
I am over weight and I have Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome. So this could be why I had such a bad experience. The first two months were great, I had no side effects and my period even stopped. (I had my implantation while on my menstrual cycle). Then month three hit, and I had a normal period.Month four started and I had a period again, however it never stopped.  After a year, and 8 months of heavy bleeding (I was using depends because I was bleeding through o.b. ultra tampons combined with an overnight pad). The doctor who implanted it just kept telling me it would stop eventually and to take ibuprofen to slow the bleeding.  It took 8 months for me to convince an on/gyn to remove it, they only did because I had become anemic.
I have been taking birth control pills for over 10 years and never experienced a single negative side (other than bloating) until taking Ethinyl Estradiol &amp; Levonorgestrel, also known as Aviane. It led to near-constant nausea and severe adult acne. A warning to women everywhere: STAY AWAY.Ethinyl Estradiol &amp; Levonorgestrel AKA Aviane also goes by the following brand names:Alesse, Altavera, Amethyst, Enpresse, Lessina, Levlen, Levora, Lutera, Lybrel, Nordette, Orsythia, Portia, Sronyx, Tri-Levlen, Triphasil-21, Triphasil-28, Trivora-28
Hypercare did not work for me that well and caused my skin to form a rash and cause it to hurt very bad
Expensive, Did not help with depression at all.
This experience is hellish!  Although it doesn 't allow you to get preg, as intended, it makes you have many side effects.  I am a healthy 5 '7&quot; althletic woman.  I weighed 130 when inserted 6 months ago.  My sugar cravings and moods have been all over the map.  I am bloated.  I am swollen.  My periods are still heavy.  They actually are twice as long now.  My sex drive us non existent.  I 've been to a hormone specialist now (1k later in costs) to get blood drawn only to find out all of above and the 14lb weight gain (I 'm now 144lb) is all bc of this device.  I 'm constantly bloated.  My size 4 pants no longer fit my swollen and worn out body.  Beware!  Get it out!  You 've been talked into this and likely don 't need it!!!!
I only took this medication for the first month, but I refuse to continue with it. The first week everything was fine, but over the course of two weeks I 've had extreme mood swings that just kept progressing to the point that I couldn 't stand to be near my two year old. Every little thing she did set me off and that terrifies me because I 've always had so much patience with her. I was having horrible vivid dreams and the last day I was on it I had been having suicidal ideations. I 'd rather just risk getting pregnant than to risk feeling like that ever again.
I 've only been on Aviane for a month, and I absolutely hate it. I would not recommend this to anyone. I was taking Aubra before, but wanted to get out of Planned Parenthood. So I went to my family doctor, he gave me this. I have been depressed, have had bad mood swings, absolutely no sex drive, my breasts are very tender, and seem larger and I know I 've gained weight. This will be my one and only month on it.
The first time I used this medication it was great.  Just now I was prescribed Macrobid again. It took care of the bladder infection symptoms in two days.  Next day fever was l04, headache, Fever high only one day.  nausea, fatigue, high pulse (100), stomach pain, neck pain. muscle pain, lack of appetite. Stopped taking this med after 8 days and will never take it again.
Absolutely no improvement after taking it for two months, with sporadic palpitations and arrhythmias that made my doctor discontinue it. Back to Solifenacin which is much better
This product does not work...instead I got pimples all over my chest, had terrible vivid nightmares , body ache and dry skin and lips. Was taking it for 2 months. Not even the slighest improvement.
Severe persistent headache, for six hours after taking Sular. Increased blood pressure, within 3 days of administration. 
Missing hair on my hairline , been taking this for a month can 't even put my hair in a pony tail without looking bald!!
Added this on along with my Cymbalta 60mg &amp; Abilify 1mg. Took 150mg per day for 2 weeks until I realized I had major suicidal thoughts and ideation. Just out of nowhere. Immediately discontinued and felt better in 2-3 days. Beware of sudden mood changes please! The only good thing about this medicine is that it absolutely kills your appetite- lost 13lbs in 2 weeks. Not worth dying over though- sanity before vanity!
My brother of 42 yrs died of t - cell lymphoma from this drug. I am a healthcare professional. This web site will not let me post this bad review.
My doctor 's office set me up with a nurse practitioner to discuss methods to reduce bleeding every month. She suggested the Depo shot. She felt it would be the answer to all my problems. I said well what if I bleed more? She assured me that it wouldn 't happen if I got the shot on my first day of my period.  I had looked at reviews and done some research mostly it was negative but I assumed maybe the people leaving reviews were just the people that had a bad experience.  Since the day I got that shot I have been bleeding heavily like a regular., Not spotting. The nurse practitioner who recommended the shot would not admit that it was the shot making me bleed continuously. It has been a 6 week period and counting. I 'm furious.
I was on Lyrica for a total of four days. It got rid of my pain (almost completely!) but the side effects were terrible. I got anxious, depressed, confused, blurred vision, and a general &quot;high&quot; (not a good high) feeling. I felt very dumb and had a lot of trouble articulating my thoughts. Overall a terrible drug for me. The side effects out weighed the benefits of this medication.
Due to Medicare requirements, I had to switch to Tikosyn when the Sotalol I 'd been on for years wasn 't working.  Cardiologist suggested an Ablation procedure but until I had tried the Tikosyn, Medicare wouldn 't approve the Ablation.  The Tikosyn neither brought me out of the A-fib as they hoped nor has kept me out of A-fib.  So to get the requirements all done, I have been in A-fib for approximately 2 months - unable to do much more than sit in a recliner all day - and I still have to wait another 2 weeks to be able to get the Ablation done.  My ankles and feet have started swelling, so looking at another 3.5 hour trip to my cardiologist due to that side effect of the drug.  Unimpressed!
The worst decision I have ever made was agreeing to go on this drug. I had no idea about SSRI 's and the effects they can have on you and your life. For the first year, I would have recommended it to anyone dealing with depression and anxiety like myself..but that was at a time when I mistaked the numbness for satisfaction. Just over 2 years down the line and I am falling apart. This drug has ruined my life. First I realised the fog I was in. Then came the vertigo and confusion. My memory has deteriorated. Zero sex drive since day one. My depression has worsened and I no longer recognise who I am anymore. My personality has changed drastically and my anxiety is worse than its ever been. I am now weaning off it but the damage has been done.
My orthopedic surgeon decided to prescribe Tramadol 50mgs once every 4 -6 hours. This was for pre operative pain relief. I am bone on bone with my right hip. DOES ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for pain. Prior to the Tramadol, I was given Vicoden 5/325 every 6 - 8 hours for pain relief. When I called back for another script (on schedule) I 'm told that I would become opioid dependent and that they wouldn 't be able to effectively manage my pain after surgery. First of all it made me nauseous to the point where it felt like someone poured draino in my stomach, second it made me sleepy with zero energy. I 'm on warfarin so I can 't take ibuprofen, which works wonders for joint pain, so this is a conundrum...bottom line Tramadol is useless!!!
Did not work
I was prescribed this medication because my Dentist thought i had an infection due to a root canal, I became very sick on the 6th day after taking clindamycin 300 mg 4x a day. Severe stomach cramps and pain when i eat, some loose stools, and difficult to lay flat. Now i need to get in to see what my pcp can do for me.
How has this not been recalled? The worst experience ever. I have used similar products in the past with no problems. This caused extreme burning and pain within minutes and did not improve until evening the next day. Just in time for day two dose. It was worse than day before. I am afraid to try a day dose 3. No way this is minor irritation. DO NOT USE THIS!!
I am pregnant and have been suffering from severe nausea and vomiting.  I have been taking Zofran for about 25 weeks.  The disolving tablet doesn 't have an affect on me.  I can 't keep it down, even after half an hour I will throw up the medication.  The rare times I can hold it down, it has no affect on me.
This is the WORST damn injection do NOT GET it, 2 of my friends bled badly for 4 months after shots of this and I personally suffer a stupid condition that has no cure be warned. This will cause an autoimmune issue. Should be FDA banned
I was prescribed 300mg Omnicef. 1 capsule 2x a day.Very bad experience. I have had extreme diarrhea since the third day of taking this med. it is now 2 weeks after I finished the dose and am still experiencing problems. This med kills every &quot;good&quot; bacteria in your gut. I 've been taking several different kinds of probiotics trying to get myself back to normal. This has been and still is an awful experience. Do not take this unless you like running to the bathroom every 30 minutes for weeks on end. I have not been able to eat much of anything and am still loosing too much weight. It is a very dangerous drug. I will NEVER take this again. 
Took 150 mg for 4 days and suddenly stating feeling weakness, aches, pains,  then sore throat accompanied by fever called my Dr she made me stop taking it and was given toradol to break fever of 102.8 and steroids and fluids, went from 216 to 213 pounds in 4 days. Had my heart rate and blood pressure up also.  This drug may be for others but definitely not me, too many adverse effects I 've tried zoloft, Prozac, and lexapro, anti depressents are not for me
My hair began to fall within a month of starting nature-throid. I had not been on any thyroid meds prior and although I have stopped taking nature-throid, I have lost about 3/4 of my hair in less than 6 months with zero signs of slowing down. Have cut out inflammatory foods and supplementing as per my naturopath  but to no avail. Still fatigued, leg cramps, irritable  (all symptoms prior to meds) and now hair loss. Never again and I regret taking nature-throid.
It worked great for the first few Months but then I felt bloated and constipated 24-7 and it got to an extreme back and forth to the bathroom 30-40 times a night trying to pass gas, etc. I stopped taking Linzess and started on IBGuard Peppermint oil and the sensation I 've been living with is gone! I feel the best I 've felt in 20 years.
Absolutely terrible. I got this medicine because the past weekend I was outside sweating profusely and wasn 't able to shower. Therefore I got the YI. I wish I 'd done my research and just got the more expensive medicine instead of getting the cheaper thinking that it 's the same thing. Intense burning and itching I do not recommend and I also question why the heck this is being sold.
I had this Depo for two years and as much as it was easier with no pill no period etc it ended up the worst thing I 've ever had I have developed cystic acne hard nodular lumps under my skin which have left me depressed with how they look. They were awful and my hair was shedding rapidly. I went to the doctor and came off it he put me on Dianette and advised to take it the first day I come on. 3 months in and no proper period. One weekend I suffered severe and I must emphasize severe pain and cramping I could not move and was having very dark blood clots. To this day my skin is still awful I am now on lymecyline and the doctors told me to use the Dianette contraceptive for my skin anyway. I have never ever had skin problems previous to this.
I had a horrible time with this birth control. Originally went on it to get rid of my periods, which it did but also managed to screw me over. I quickly noticed my hair was thinner, and it continued to fall out in huge clumps. My doctors told me it had to be my diet and there was no way it was caused by my pill, which I had coincidentally started right before. I became very depressed, to where I would not get out of bed. I remember watching buses on the street and wishing one would hit me and kill me. My labia became dry and flat and it hurt to touch it. I gained weight in weird places and felt horrible about myself. As soon as I went off this pill, it all went away. So trust yourself and get off this pill if you have weird side effects.
I took the first pill yesterday around 8 am and it worked right away.  By 4pm my stomach was a bit queasy so I ate some dinner.  By 6 pm I was feeling sick to my stomach with pain and nausea.  I went to the bathroom a couple of times and was still very nauseated.  By 2am I was throwing up.  I then took some anti nausea meds and finally fell asleep by 4am.  I woke up around 8:30am no longer nauseated but felt like I got hit by a freight train.  I 've been on the couch all day taking mini naps.  It is now 7pm and I 'm finally starting to feel better.I called the pharmacy to see if I could get a refund but they said no.  I can see how the meds work but not at the physical cost of being deathly ill.  I hope this works for someone else.
Whoever said this was not bad is nuts! This was awful I gagged through the first bottle. I 've been on an all liquid diet the morning of and took my first dose at 6:pm it 's 9:30 and it still has not worked. My stomach however is nauseous and I have an unbelievable headache. I 'm dreading the next 16 oz. the thought of having to drink it is making even more nauseous! You would think there would be a pill that would work just as well, especially since I can 't stomach this nasty concoction!
OMG!OMG! I am so relieved to know I 'm not the only one going through this excruciating burning and itch!!! I bought the Monistat 3 day treatment. I am on day 2 and as soon as I inserted the cream it burned like crazy and the itching was unbearable!!!! I 'm dreading my last application tomorrow night. But I hate hate hate this intense itching and burning sensation. Good luck ladies!!!
Within one hour had panic attack, crying, heart racing, nauseous, dizzy and sensitive to light. No appetite. No problems sleeping but was very scary. 
Didn 't do anything for my cough, as a matter a fact I was scared to cough because I didn 't want to poop my pants!!! 45 minutes after taking this I had explosive diarrhea, my stomach was bubbling I thought I had to pass gas so I attempted to do so to my surprise it wasn 't gas but explosive diarrhea it was all over my bed. Stay away from this product unless you want to loose weight!!
Didn 't do much for my depression, but caused extreme hypersalivation and involuntary muscle movement of the mouth and tongue.
Three days after receiving my first Prolia injection I developed a cough, which turned into bronchitis &amp; was treated with antibiotics - bad luck, a coincident I thought. A month later my life change with severe bone pain in my right jaw, I had lock jaw 5 times. Pain in my right shoulder, ribs, my neck was so stiff, but worse was my lack of immobility, my morning walk to the bathroom was just like watching Frankenstein walk, I couldn 't move any faster because of the pain. Getting on the toilet one off the toilet was a major event. Turning in bed was excruciating and sometimes impossible, this lasted the whole of the summer 2015, which eventually tampered off to where I am today. Worst experience of my life. No more Prolia for me.
I had Implanon inserted 4 months ago after my son was born. Since then, I have gained 15 additional pounds to the weight I had gained due to pregnancy. I have had a migraine for the past 4 days that not even migraine medicine and sleep can 't take away. My acne is terrible since I got this birth control. I have been bleeding non-stop for the past 4 months. My hair is falling out. It is causing major mood swings. It is making me a very angry person, which I am not. Overall, I just feel unhealthy due to the Implanon. Every possible side effect that any Implanon user could experience, I am experiencing.
I 'm a 54 year old man that started having dermatitis upon return from a deployment to Iraq.   After trying a variety of medications I was told that I have Rosacea.   I tried Mirvaso on one side and it seemed to clear my face.  After trying it for several days I noticed my face turning extremely red and itching.  I cannot use this and am heading back to the dermatologist.
I felt like a zombie on this medication, gained weight, had no sex drive, and basically walked around not knowing what was going on. Definitely wouldn 't recommend based on my own experience.
I received an injection of this medicine because of a debilitating migraine which lasted for more than two weeks.When this was injected I almost immediately started to feel CRAZY.I wanted to leave the hospital immediately, even though my migraine was worse- not better. I actually WALKED home (hospital was nearby) but my right leg went numb &amp; I literally dragged it behind me all the way home.This was followed by EXTREME anxiety, confusion and a full week of insomnia which I had to be treated for. Obviously, I had one of those &quot;rare&quot; reactions. However, a close friend later had a similar reaction to this medication and had to be put it a straight jacket following administration. So, these reactions, while rare, can be extreme.
I started this birth control a few days ago and been dealing with bad cramps, stomach pain, and tightness in my stomach when I yarn or cough. It 's just so awful that I stayed in bed most of the day. I discontinued it today and going on another birth control that I love and had no side effects. My doctor switched me to Cryselle despite me telling her I want to stay on the other one, now she switched me back. Not trying to scare anyone but it 's best you avoid this medicine.
It did nothing for me and the doctors wouldn 't take me off it.
I felt miserable from the start of taking this medicine. It did more harm than good. I experienced severe diarrhea (watery and explosive). I experienced nausea at any given time of the day. I developed painful sores on the palm of my hands and on my ankles. It became difficult to brush my teeth, turn a door knob, and even wash my hands. Any use of my hands was painful.
I had no symptoms of BV but was diagnosed after a pap and was given the pill for 2 pills a day for 7 days. The side effects have been absolutely awful. I went home from work on day two thinking I had the stomach flu (nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, fever, sweating). I finally realized it was the pills. I 've also experienced trembling hands, night sweats, dry mouth, fatigue, loss of appetite (which is weird because I 'm PMSing and usually starving at this time!), mood swings and increased anxiety. I don 't find the taste of the actual pill to be as unbearable as everyone says, but it does leave that metallic taste in my mouth. I 'm on day 4 and don 't even known if I want to take the pill before work this morning!
I had used Metrogel for years, but it didn 't seem to be making a difference any more, so I went to a derm &amp; he prescribed Mirvaso.  I should have walked away when I saw the price!  The first couple of days I used it, my face and along my hairline itched.  Redness increased and acne appeared.  I stayed with it for two weeks; the flushing got worse and my face burned, along with my ears &amp; neck.  Acne increased.  But the worst effect was the headaches.  I have migraines that I finally was able to manage with 2 prescriptions.  The derm didn 't tell me a side effect of Mirvaso.  Did The FDA approved this?
Well, I 've never missed a pill and I still got pregnant so... clearly not super effective.
I took trulicity for 4 weeks. .75 dose  sugar levels  went down immediatly.  to morning levels average of 140. only side effects were pain in side from stomach to back, pain and swollen lump in  front on side of neck to my ear.  Pain in back was not too bad. Pain in tyroid gland of my neck was severe.  _Stopped taking it and pain in back went away. However the pain both side of neck was really severe and it 's been 3 weeks and I still have the pain. Bad luck with victoza and trulicity.
I threw up constantly while using it the first 2 months.  And I had constant mood swings &amp; hot flashes. I also gained 10 lbs.
Did not work well for me.
My doctor switched me from YAZ to Alesse to help with the weight gain that YAZ gave me (20 pounds in 1 year) and I hate this birth control. From the first month of using it I was an angry beast, it was way to much. Second month I noticed that I lost a little bit of the weight but I noticed I would start crying for no reason often and become depressed. My doctor told me to stick it out for 3 months. Third month I am still an angry beast as well as extremely irritable for extended period 's of time.  Mind you that YAZ also caused some of these symptoms as well but on Alesse it was tripled.
I was prescribed this as an as needed a long with a daily but the daily made me so sleepy I couldn 't get up with my son so I take this when I can tell its gonna be one of those days that we all know too well.  After taking about 15 of them over  about 3 months I can say it doesn 't work for me at all. I continue to have anxiety attacks even when I take it only a couple hours before I have an attack I also asked for something that wouldn 't make me sleepy or feel weird and I feel sleepy every time I take it and my hubby tells me that I talk in my sleep when I take it and I always feel bad the day after 
I went on Yasmine to get better skin for an upcoming event. It was the worst decision I could 've made! My skin has never been this bad! My chin is full of cystic acne. Big and red and they leave terrible scars, I have now been taking them for 2 months and it only seems to be getting worse. I also have gotten some on my back, which I normally don 't. Also I have had my period now for 2 weeks with terrible cramps every day!! Usually I only have it for a day or two. I feel decrease in sex drive and have felt low since I started taking Yasmine. So far these pills have only been bad for me but I do believe and hope that the side effects will linger off as I continue using them! Hopefully this is just a horrible transition phase
I suffer from chronic pain, depression and anxiety for the past 10 years and I 'm 30.  Football ruined my life, but cymbalta has made it worse.  Not only did I NOT receive any benefit from cymbalta but I gave it the a serious 2 month try and I 'm not spending 90% of my time withdrawing from it.  I cannot imagine if I was on this a year, let alone ten.  If this medicine helps you, I would weigh the benefits seriously- because either you 're going to the grave with this medicine or you 're going to have to feel the &quot;benefits&quot; of coming off of this poison. Beware.. because no doctor will tell you these things.  Worse than 2 years of clonazepam, alcohol, or opiates... no joke.  Hope this helps someone!
100% effective. Nobody wants to have sex with a moody miserable sad person covered in cystic acne! You will most definitely not get pregnant using this....
I have tried it several times in the past but have the same results. It does not control the steady flow of post nasal drip causing me to feel nauseated. I have better results taking 4 hour generic Benadryl.
My doc just put me on this stuff last week, the first afternoon I took it, I was just so spaced out, and walking around in a fog, I hated it. I thought I would take it before bed, so the fog would at lest be while I slept. WRONG! Took it around 10:00 PM, went to bed at about 11:30, fell asleep ok, THEN... woke up at 1:00 AM, with pounding heart, and mild chest pain. Was awake until 5:00 AM, slept maybe an hour, then had to get up for my day. didn 't take it the next night, and decided to take the next day in the afternoon. Well, here I am, feeling like garbage, and reading all the bad reviews. Not going to take anymore of it. Thanks to all who shared.
I took this for the first time tonight and I am supposed to take it again at 5 AM. This is horrible.I threw up a small portion, and the box instructions were different from my prep instructions. I made the mistake of taking it by the instructions on the box.  Within minutes it worked but I had really cut back on anything but soft foods for a few days to make it easier. The problem besides the horrible taste is that I spiked in blood pressure and have terrible muscle cramping in my upper body.  I called the Dr. and he wasn 't concerned, nothing was out of the range in his opinion. It is four hours later and my soreness hasn 't left and I don 't see sleep in the near future. I will never do this again.
I 've been on every generic for Loestrin under the sun and NEVER experienced bad side effects. Since I never had issues with other generics it took me a while to figure out that this  birth control was causing my issues. I got a bad yeast infection after taking this and became sensitive to getting yeast infections (despite that I never had one in my life before this). I also struggled with acne in the &quot;hormonal&quot; region on my chin line and cheek area. Nothing would help the acne. I haven 't encountered acne since my teens and had forgotten how awful and embarrassing it is. I switched back to Microgestin after talking to my GYN and realizing Blisovi was the culprit and my skin is already clearing up. Avoid taking this if you can.
I was originally prescribed this pill to help with fainting spells on my period, irregular periods, severe cramps, and the impression that I might have had endometriosis. Shortly after starting, about a month in, my mood severely changed. I would get anxious very easily over little things. Within the past month(I haven 't even been taking this pill for 2 full months), I have experienced insane emotional breakdowns resulting from either overthinking situations, or no trigger at all. Within the past 3 weeks, I have cried nearly everyday. Although, I have not experienced any pain from my period, it is virtually nonexistent. As for other side effects, this pill, despite popular belief, has NOT a learned my skin.
I was admitted to the hospital with suicidal ideation after beginning this medication.  I was probably on it 3 weeks and then was in the hospital a week.  I went from feeling depressed to suicidal that fast.  I blame the medication.  I hear it works wonders for some but for me it was terrible.
Almost died. Severe lung scarring and severe hypoxia. 74% 02 saturation. 3 months of continual oxygen, fortunately I recovered.
I have a dry cough. I took the medicine before bed. I continued to cough and I did feel restless and had more difficulty falling asleep after coughing fits.
I haven 't tried this medication even though my doctor suggested it. My insurance (bcbs) covers a portion. With the savings card - I would still owe over $1000 a month! Just curious how the company can justify charging this amount for a weight loss drug. At this price- I could afford weight loss surgery!!!! Disappointed 
The pills stopped my period, caused mood swings, vaginal dryness and killed my sex drive. My husband thought I was not attracted to him anymore. I stopped using it after the 2 months and our sex was fine again. So was my period.
Do not take this medicine. After returning from a week long trip to Haiti, I was constantly nauseous, dizzy, had brain fogginess and was fatigue to the point that I couldn 't even get through a day of work. I was 20 at the time and had never had any health problems. I also experienced severe depression. It was very scary as I had never struggled with any type of mental health issues prior to taking this drug. I went to multiple doctors after my trip trying to figure out what was wrong, and it took at least a month to realize it was from this medicine. At the time I read from other reviews that some users experienced the same symptoms . Two years later I am 22 now and from time to time have trouble with dizziness, nauseousness, fatigue, etc.
I had a UTI, after taking 2 days of medication, I got an YI. So the dr prescribed my a difucan for it. 5 days later... No relief. I then got miconizol 3. OMG!!! The itching and hiring is unbearable. I really don 't know what is worse. The YI  or the cure. NEVER AGAIN!!! NEVER NEVER NEVER!!!
I 've been continuously on the Depo shot since the end of my freshman year in high school, I am now and Senior in high school. I have had the worst side effects, I 've gained over 25 lbs, ALWAYS tired, no sex drive and extremely moody all the time. The only plus to this shot is how it lasts for 3 months and how I never got my period. 
Remeron at low doses worked beautifully for my insomnia.  At high doses (I was on 90mg. at one point for depression), it was useless for me.  As my doctor once put it, &quot;For depression, Remeron is not a heavy lifter.&quot;  But for insomnia, it was a God send.  The only problem came when I tried to wean myself off of it.  I had little trouble until I got down to a quarter pill (0.375mg).  I got terrible rebound insomnia and eventually had to go back on.  It also made me gain 14 pounds.
Welbutrin ruined my life. I went from 220 lbs. down to barely 100. I cannot eat. I am literally rotting away. It enlarged my prostate and now I feel like I 'm carrying around a grapefruit. It also increased my libido to the point of being completely frustrating.
Got the flu and couldn 't stop coughing. I 've worked in pharmacy for years and people always rave about how good these are at stopping cough so when I got a prescription for them I was excited for the relief. They DO NOT WORK. They do not even slightly work. Maybe if you have a mild case of a cold or sinus issues but my experience with the flu was these didn 't even tame my cough.
I went to the GYN with burning, irritation, and mild clear/white discharge about three weeks ago. Had a pelvic exam and swabs were taken. She said it looked most like a yeast infection and prescribed Diflucan one tab immediately and one tab three days later. Labs came back after both doses had already been taken and the infection was bacterial (BV). Was prescribed metronidazole gel which then caused the yeast infection I didn 't have in the first place. Back to the Diflucan. Three pills in one month, but since the third pill (when I actually now do have a yeast infection) I am having dizziness. Annoying, unending spinning. Also, the yeast symptoms did not abate after four days. Monistat 3 helped in one night. Never again, Diflucan.
This drug is fine if not manufactured by Teva. Teva is not a good company and this drug has no effect under them. Save your money.
I have only been on Tri-Sprintec for 20 days now so I am trying to give it a little longer, as I know it takes a while for your body to regulate it. However, it is very hard. I went from being very happy to depressed and moody within a week of starting it. I now have very little patience, which makes me feel terrible, especially because I have a dog and work with children and I want to be patient with them. I also have had an increase in acne since starting it. Painful cramps (which is why this was prescribed to me in the first place--to eliminate cramps) and weight gain. The worst part is that I have had a full period for 20 days straight, not just spotting. This pill is negatively effecting my life and my relationship. I hate it.
Last night I panicked from side effects from this antibiotic I 'm taking for a UTI! The first couple days I felt a tingling/electric feeling &amp; muscle twitches all over my body, was restless, and woke a few times during the night.  Tonight was my 3rd dose &amp; the electric pins and needles/skin crawling feeling was intense and affected my ENTIRE body (I could feel it in my ear lobes and my eyes!), muscle spasms &amp; twitches, uncontrollable shaking, hard to get a deep breath, hard to swallow, hard to talk, my tongue felt fat, jaw clenching, stuttering, dry mouth, stiff calf muscles, the arches of my feet were twitching, my rib muscles were cramping, paranoia, hearing things, difficulty thinking.  Hope no permanent damage!  I 'm a fit 29-year-old.
Poor results, I have no positive results, especially at the highway robbery price of this drug ($1100.00) cash price for 3 months
I have a wheat intolerance and also I a, I am frequently blocked up and was recommended to use dulcolax instead of my normal senna for a stronger more effective result. I took 2 tablets at around 8pm and by 12/1am my whole stomach has bloated to the fact it felt like it was going to pop It was pulling my skin that tight ... Finally this discomfort passed and the bloating did ease however the pains I experienced made me consider going to hospital ! I nearly passed out of several occasions ... I did eventually go and it did do its job but I do not recommend this at all it is not worth the severity of the side effects atall
I have always had a hard tine with birth control. I was on the Nuvaring for 5 years until I started having problems (extreme vaginal pains, pain when having sex, etc.) And was put on norethindrone for the low dose hormones. My vision was very blurred and I had extreme balance and depth perception issues. I work at an automotive and electric motor mechanic and was losing balance carrying 50lb motors in my hands. I was not only hitting my hand with a hammer but also hit my boss ' hand a few times (he was completely understanding) but needless to say with my line of work, this birth control was not going to work for me and I was unable to wait the three month period to see if it would subside.
I went to the emergency room with a sinus infection on a Monday and picked up a bottle of Ceftin a few hours later. By the following Sunday, nothing had changed. I still had the aches, dizziness, and bouts of confusion and disorientation that had sent me to the hospital in the first place.
So the doctor decided to prescribe me this when I had pneumonia. Then moved me up dosage and then told me to stop taking it. I ended up with horrible electric shock symptoms permanent. I tried going back on it and weaning myself off. I have had every test known to man and the doctor finally admitted to it being from the medicine. As I am having these electric shock sensations it makes my muscle super sore and is horrible to live with this. So to keep the pain and shocks down I am 29 years old and am taking 4 Tramadol a day. I wanted to warn people that this is a real problem that I wouldn 't wish on my worst enemy.
I began my journey with Contrave about 2 weeks ago and still have not had any weight loss. I have followed a strict 900 a day calorie diet, exercise daily, still no loss. I am only maintaining the same. This was a lot of money to just throw away. I am beginning to think any of the weight loss reviews are just some type of marketing scam. Hopefully someone out there got this medication and it actually worked for them.
This is a horrible product and should be recalled - I had a very minor rosacea problem with two patches of redness on my checks.  I used this for one week and it worked fine - but then the second week it made my face a living hell with bumps and itching  - the area infected increased to three times the size.  I stopped using it and now using something different from a different doctor.  DO NOT USE IT!!!
I took one dose and ended up in the ER with a horrible pounding, predominately right sided migraine. Along with about 6 hours of vomiting. It had to have been the worst migraine of my life.
My doctor tried to put me on this. It gave me heartburn and a bad headache. I was not able to control bowel movements either. Sometimes I would actually stain the back of my pants. One good thing is I had an erection for hours. It did make me lose 40 pounds the first month I was on it though.
Absolutely hated this birth control pill. Within a few days of taking it, the cystic acne started and I read some reviews urging people to stick with it and it 'd get better, so I did for 6 months, but this wasn 't the case for me. My skin got worse.. A lot worse. My skin wasn 't great to begin with, but it was horrible on loestrin. Whole face covered in under the skin bumps and large cystic acne on cheeks and chin. Been off of it for almost 4 months and I can 't seem to get the acne gone now. So frustrating. No other side effects
I started the birth control shot in 2013 the day before my 20th birthday.  To say the least, it was a terrible decision. The shot was great in some ways. I did not have a period the entire time I was on the shot (3 months) and through my 1st month on the pill after. My periods were always irregular though. It was also nice to be free from worry about contraception.The bad overwhelmed the good though. The first week that I was on the shot I had bad headaches. Not migraines, but they were painful. I spotted lightly halfway through the 1st month and continued for 2 weeks.  At 3 weeks, I became horrifyingly depressed. I wouldn 't have survived if I hadn 't known that it would likely be better once I stopped the shot.
Took the pill within 12 hours of having unprotected sex and I just found out I 'm pregnant! It is only 95% accurate within 24 hours and 61% within 48-72 hours!
I was only on Zyprexa for 10 days but it made me so tired I couldn 't even function. All I wanted to do was sleep all day. And it made my depression worse. I was so depressed by that 10th day that I almost quit my job because I just felt like I couldn 't handle any stress at all. So glad I stopped taking this drug.
75.000$ hospital billI was on sprintec for less than a year when I one day fainted. I was taken to the er and was UNCONSCIOUS for 3 HOURS. After CT scans and MRIs they found out I had blood clots in my lungs literally blocking oxygen going to my brain and a blood clot in my HEART. I was in the ICU for a week and had to give myself shots in my stomach twice a day for 9 months. Now I 'm on blood thinners for the rest of my life. Thanks sprintec.  Never use this drug.
Traumatic experience caused me to suffer major depressive disorder.  Tried therapy, didn 't work. Finally tried medication two years later. Doctor prescribed me viibryd. Took my first dose in the morning, by lunch time I felt sick and nauseated.  Had to leave work bc I felt so awful.  My doctor lowered my dose and I didn 't feel nearly as bad the next four weeks. I didn 't notice a change in my mood.I went on vacation and forgot to pack my meds  (I know how horrible it is to stop taking my meds) the come down was un real...  I spent the whole vacation in bed too tired to leave.. When I arrived home from vacation I took my meds again and I was instantly sick. I began hallucinating and puking, it felt like a bad acid trip.
I 'm on my 5th day taking Lexapro 10mg and the side effects have been horrible! The most I can put into my stomach is a breakfast essential shake in a whole day, I get heavy head aches, the back of my eyes hurt like hell, I wake up drenched in sweat, my whole body aches to the point where I can barely walk, I get very cold easily, and I sleep throughout the day.. I was told the side effects will stop after a week but will the loss of appetite stop too?
I had taken this medication before so I thought I knew what to expect. I 'm 24 and have tried various types of BC. Although the patch was less inconvenient then taking a pill daily, the side effects weren 't worth it. I immediately gained 3 pounds (within the first week), I broke out ALL over my face, I 've had three large cysts on my face, it made me irritable and caused severe insomnia. My dermatologist and I were both surprised with how much acne it gave me. Absolutely wouldn 't recommend this product to anyone, ever!
I 've been taking this generic bupropion XL 300 mg for a little over a year now. I was prescribed this for depression and an anti-smoking aid but it has no effect on stopping the desires of me wanting to have cigarettes. It 's not helping with my depression. I feel sluggish and tired all day. Depression almost seems worse the days I do take it versus when I don 't. sex drive hasn 't been this low since like &quot;ever&quot;!. I 'm probably going to discontinue it. If it 's not helping it can only be hurting right? I can only get what the doctors are willing to prescribe me, but most the time it 's garbage. I 'm prescribed hydroxizine for sleep &amp; anxiety. Thats garbage too, but whole dif story.
Doesn 't do a thing for me, started on 10mg dose, and nothing Tried 20mg and still nothing, sometimes I feel a wee bit stoned but that 's it.  My insomnia is caused by bipolar and the antidepressants causing me to go hyper and not feel the need to sleep so that could be a reason.
I wish I never took this pill. I 'm not a pill popping kind of person. But I had to think about my future with my boyfriend and decided just to try one pill out. This was the lowest dose so I figured it would be fine. Definitely not... I haven 't been eating or motivated as much as I usually am. I 'm an emotional person but this pill turned me into a monster. I have never been so sad in my entire life. I had thoughts of harming myself and was constantly causing arguments with my boyfriend who I 've been with for w year and a half and we 've never had these problems. It has given me horrible head aches and anxiety. I would never suggest this to anyone.
Vile absolutely vile and addictive if your struggling in life and have an addictive personality as they make you sleep and give you some relief. The need to eat is intense. Please don 't drink with them you will black out and not remember a thing. Take with caution Much love keep strong. Xxxxxxxx
This is the worst allergy medication I have ever tried. It did not help with any of the symptoms listed on the box. Not only did it not help with what I took it for, it also made me unbelievably tired. I felt like I had taken some sleeping pills. Do not waste your money on this product.
I tried a tiny amount smaller than pea sized on my forehead and cheeks ONE TIME and had the worst rebound flushing for SEVERAL MONTHS.  Finally after 14 MONTHS of not using the drug my face is getting back to the baseline pre-mirvaso.  I would hate to see how much damage this drug could do over long term use if just one use wrecked my face for over a year.I would absolutely not recommend this for anyone, I 'm actually surprised Galderma still even has this on the market.
By far, the WORST birth control that I have ever taken. I made the mistake of switching from the ring to this pill and it was practically ruining my life. My sex drive was gone, I had major stomach cramps along with constipation, my mood was terrible and I was always angry or sad, I gained a lot of weight due to the fact that my appetite increased majorly, my periods were abnormal and my skin was the worst it has ever been. Overall, not the right birth control for my body and I stopped in the middle of my pack and I feel 100% better than I was. The only thing it did do good, for me, is I didn 't  't get pregnant. Going back to the ring after this nightmare.
Right here itching and burning and pretty much wanting to climb out my skin along with everyone else! I 'll take natural childbirth over this overwhelming insane feeling any day! I got the Monistat-7 pack from target this morning and didn 't want to wait until tonight to start... have tried my best to rinse it off/out and may just tough out the YI or go with garlic or something. We are trying to conceive this month and don 't think I could put myself and my body through this again without a guilty conscience. Something is not right.
It has done NOTHING for my cough from pneumonia.
Worst medication ever. Put it on 30 mins ago &amp; immediately it started to burn. Just washed most of it out &amp; it still burns.  I 've never had this issue with the store brand.
I have had Mirena in me for about 6 months. I thought it will be a safe for me. I 'm glad to see I 'm not the only one feeling theses side effects. I have no sex drive at all, I 'm dry during sex , intercourse is painful, throughout these 6 months I still feel lots of cramping in my uterus, worse then a period, my back hurts, and such mood swings I can 't control. 
So here is my experience with Effexor, I hope it helps you make an informed decision.  I started taking it two months ago as a change to the Citalopram I have been on for over 5 years.  I suffer from anxiety.  The first three weeks, improvement in my mood, better temper control also.  Week three, the insomnia kicked in and strange urges to HAVE to get up and move around.  Week four,  Serious shortness of breath on exertion, ringing ears, lip numbness and malaise.  Turns out I was allergic to it!  Doc tool me off it, immediately, then the withdraw began.  OH my G*#.  The worst experience of my life.  Paranoia, hallucinations, panic attacks (my first ever), breathing trouble, the list goes on. If you research the withdraw, it 's not worth it!
I was sick and had to take amoxicillin and unfortunatley got a yeast infection. I went to the doctor and he prescribed Diflucan yesterday. I had no side effects. Unlike everyone else, my horrible symptoms (itching, burning) are still present.
I was prescribed Mirapex for my Restless Leg Syndrome in 2004 and took it until April of 2006.  My dosage was increased to 1.5mg in August 2005.  In October 2005, my Brother and Mother took me to the Niagara Casino, until then, I had never stepped into a Casino before, I knew nothing about those places.  I won a jackpot.  Started buying scratch and win cards at one store, then getting more with the winnings or free ticket at another store. Our plant closed at the end of February 2006.  I started gambling and even thought of selling my Downtown condo and moving closer to the casino.  When I mentioned to the Dr that I was gambling, he said &quot;you 're on Mirapex, stop taking it immediately&quot;. Turns out compulsive behavior is a side effect. All Okay now.
It worked in the very beginning but have noticed now that I am red after I use it.  In fact, I reported it to the company because I thought I got a bad batch.  I wish I had read these reviews before using it because now I am certain I am worse than before.  Before, it was only occasional, now it is all day every day.  And I now have ocular rosacea which I did not before.  I am just praying I don 't have permanent changes.  DON 'T use this.  It is not worth the chance you take.
I developed terrible depression taking this medication. The first month and a half were fine, even energizing. I actually slept less and felt more alert the first few weeks.The first two nights I took the pill I only slept 4 hours, and woke up sweating and then couldn 't sleep the rest of the night. This side effect went away, and then all was pretty normal for awhile. Then I felt myself slowly slipping into a funk. It started with a negative attitude towards things I used to enjoy, and progressed into terrible depression.  I suspected the pill, and the day after the 3 months ended, I felt immediately better and happy again. It was like day and night. I went back to Nuvaring after this experience.
Horrible pill. Went on it after getting my IUD taken out (it was giving me a period every time my husband and I had sex) and the doctor told me it would help me gain an appetite. Instead in the past 3.5 months I 've gotten sick 5 times, had one missed period, and the worst period of my life after as a &quot;catch up&quot; one. I can 't take the tiredness, heavy body and constant upset tummy any more.
This birth control is a nightmare. I 've had it for about 2 years now. When I first had it implanted I didn 't have a period for about 3 months. After that, I 've had my period for the last year and a half. It only stops for maybe a few days every 1-2 months. After my period stops for a few days I have very bad cramps when it comes back. I also developed very, very bad brain fog after getting the implant. It makes me light-headed and dizzy...so bad that half the time I can 't even drive my car! It makes it very difficult to focus. It has also given me moderate to severe acne. I take very good care of my skin, but the acne will not go away. Sex is also extremely painful, i have breast tenderness, and at one point it gave me vaginitis.
At first I felt OK with taking this medication. I took 1 pill in the morning for a week and then 2 pills a day. 4 days into 2 pills a day I had to stop. I was experiencing blurry vision, lightheaded, mood swings/anger, extremely vivid thoughts and dreams to the point of not sleeping. This was not the medication for me. Very scary. Please consider the side effects before taking.
My doctor prescribed ULTRAM ER 200 for lower back pain and sciatica.  I was taking 1 tablet twice a day.  For 2 or 3 days it seemed to work great.  Then I started having side effects.  I had mild dizziness and a slight upset stomach.  I took Ultram ER for a total of 9 days.  The dizziness became severe, I was lethargic but not able to sleep for more than 2 or 3 hours a night, and the nausea had increased.  I stopped taking ultram ER and it took 12 days for the side effects to subside.  The doctor said I had an allergic reaction to this medication.
This is my second day on Veslcare.  I will not take it another day.  My throat and tongue are on fire and I feel very nervous and anxious.  The first day it did help my overactive bladder, but the side effects are not worth the benefit.  This was a sample from my doctor so I 'm glad I didn 't have to pay for it.
TAKING pramipexole for a few months  began to black out without being aware of itFalling asleep esp at church or any time I was quite     Compulsive gambling-shoppingMessed my heart up I started having very fast irregular heart beat   Have had 6 heart ablations because of this drug  It probably works great for some but it is the most dangerous med I have taken    Ruined my life I cant walk at the mall shopping for more than two hours   Cannot bowl /play golf not even exercise   I had to research it on internet before I was sure what was causing all of these side effects and there had been law suits earlier (too late for me)  There was one in Canada at the time of my experienceI told pharmacist about it and  she said she didn 't believe it
I 've had a few YIs before, all due to antibiotics ( yay me) and I 've used the Monistat 1 day treatment before and I don 't remember having any negative side affects, although I do remember the cream burning/offering no relief. I 've had this YI for 5 days and so I decided to try again. I inserted when I got home from work then took a nap, and woke up with 10x the burning, itching and irritation I 've had all week! I went to the bathroom and a lot of the medication was in my panties, and I cleaned what I could off of me. It really irritated my skin and it was very uncomfortable for several hours. The only thing that offered any relief was applying damp toilet paper with cold water and even that was only temporary. Never again!!
Had this device put in two weeks ago. Putting it in was bad, but the cramps seemed to go away after a week. The beginning of my second week the cramping began to feel like someone was stabbing me in the uterus. Dr office said cramps were normal. And I have a low pain tolerance level to begin with. On my side crying in pain is how I spent most of the week trying to &quot;give it a chance&quot;.  Will be calling doctor Monday to get it out.  Worse pain of my entire life!
It caused severe paranoia and ultra sensitivity to all senses.
This medicine is foul, never felt so bad on it, nausea, throwing up, no appetite, headache, increased heart beat, cough, shortness of breath.Once this med was stopped I started to feel much better.If you are offered this DO NOT take it, you 'll fell 200% worse for it
This drug made me feel super high. I felt like I was on meth, couldn 't sleep and felt to intoxicated to drive. Quit after a few days.
I have been experiencing constipation for many years. My doctor reccomended Miralax and Ducalax recently. Not reading all of the reviews and hazards I just bought the medicine. I only took 1 tablet for 1 day. More than 2 hours later I was feeling some horrible, horrible cramps and pain in the stomach. Took many trips to the bathroom and the pain wasn&rsquo;t going away. Worst cramps I&rsquo;ve ever felt. I don&rsquo;t recommend this. Please try to stay away
Tried 3 times...good news blood sugar went from 300 to 116 in a day and lost 5 lbs in 3 days. Bad news severe diarrhea and vomiting after eating anything at all hives all over along with massive itching and psoriasis patches flared up and a few new patches appeared.
Did not work
Does not seem to help me and just makes me tired.
I have been taking this BC for 4 months now because I was becoming sexually active again and this pills completely kills that. I have absolutely no sex drive, to the point where even thinking about sex stresses me out. I 've gained 10 pounds. I am always always tired. I am overly emotional and can cry over anything. Constant headaches and the nauseous is unbearable. I didn 't really know why I was feeling all of these things, because it took about 2.5 months to notice, but these other reviews helped me connect the dots to the pills causing me so much trouble. Everyone reacts differently, but I don 't recommend risking it.
I had to switch from Aviane to Sronyx about 2 weeks ago because my pharmacy ran out of my normal pill and honestly I can not WAIT till this pack is done because I 've gotten terrible side effects. I 've gotten extreme nausea, crazy discharge, constipation, sore breasts and daily headaches. I 've also been really irritable, I 'm scared to see what my period will be like!
Ok, Gabapentin worked fine for me for anxiety.But I was un aware of the ridiculous side effects it comes with. I was 160lb male, which I was happy with.Unexpectedly I kept gaining weight that I was un aware of. From 160lbs, now I 'm 245lbs!!! That 's 85lbs I gained within just 8 months!! I tried to stop taking it for just 1 day, and I went into SEVERE withdrawal. It felt worse than both opiate and benzo withdrawal!! Stay away from this drug!
I have been on Lyrica for 1.5 years and it took away 90% nerve pain. HUGE weight gain 30lbs, blurry vision, A LOT of swelling through out my body, confusion. 
What can I say about this drug, I 've been off it a year and still don 't feel right. When I was on it it did not feel it helped with my depression. but My main problems started when trying to stop taking this drug, it made me hallucinate, I thought people where trying to kill me And i got weird electric shocks in my head (it got that bad I checked my self into mental health unit and they would not let me out for 2 weeks). I had to go back on the drug and come off it very slowly over about 3 months. I think now I have PTSD. Before taking this drug I only ever had depression and anxiety, but now I 'm a total wreck I 've lost my job my gf I 've still not got over the shaking. I was only on a low dose for a short period of time.
What is this? Phenol? Phenol doesn 't &quot;numb&quot; anything. This is the weakest medicine of any kind. What happened to benzocaine? We want POWERFUL medicine that eliminates pain and lasts for a long time, not this worthless, useless snake oil.
My personal experience with Qsymia was not favorable.  However other people have shared their experience with me and didn 't experience the same side effects.  The blurred vision was enough to seriously scare me away from this drug... After about an hour after taking Qysmia it was extremely difficult for me to drive, due to blurred vision, I couldn 't make out anything on my computer monitor at work after a couple of hours and started having migraines. It may be effective but I didn 't think the side effects were too harsh on my body.
Since starting taking Januvia, I have been throwing up almost every morning.  The stomach acid is so strong and now my throat is raw.   My stomach constantly churns and very nauseous.  Since taking this medicine, I have heartburn and indigestion My sleeping habits have changed, because of the constant stomach churning and it has been keeping me up.  I got tired of being sick everyday.  This is no way to live and try to enjoy life.  I have quit taking Januvia and now I feel &quot;normal&quot;. My regular sleeping habits return, and stomach feels fine.
I 've felt much less depressed and it has slowed down my panic attacks considerably - BUT - my concentration and memory have been drastically affected.  Thinking of going off the medicine because I 'm making so many mistakes at work.
If I could give negative ratings I would. I have been on yaz for 4 months now and started it as a means of tracking my periods, which were irregular before. Much to my dismay yaz didn 't help in this respect at all, I can 't depend on it at all. My periods are still irregular. I have also experienced extreme mood swings, crying over nothing, getting depressed over silly things that never used to effect me at all. I have now stopped taking yaz and I 'm so much happier.
I 've been on the ring since February. At first, the side effects were acceptable- my chest broke out like crazy, it looked like a had a severe rash, but that was nothing, since my ridiculous cramps went away.Month 2, it got worse. On top of the horrendous rash-like acne, I also cried a lot. Then again, my period was so incredibly light and pain free.Month 3, I had the ring in for about a week and a half, and took it out this morning. I 've cried every day, flown off the handle at the littlest things... I 'm angry and aggressive. I actually want to fight people, and I 'm so not like that! I took the ring out this morning, and I 'm not doing this again.
I went to the ER for extreme neck and head pain. They said they were going to treat me with a headache cocktail. The nurse shot 3 medicines in me quickly. The first was reglan. Immediately after she put this in my iv I felt an intense pressure in my chest and I could barely breathe. I began to feel so restless and jittery. I wanted to jump up and rip the IV out and run. I tried to lay there and calm down but I felt terrible intense anxiety and worried I was going to die. I felt panic like never before. I thought something was wrong with me, I 'm so glad I 'm not alone. I 'll never agree to this medicine again, and my head still hurt when I left!
Tear production increased slightly - but now I have blurry vision
Hi,I have been using Effexor xr for about 9 months now and have been off it for about 3 weeks. I am still experiencing sexual disfunction. I understand this to be post SSRI sexual dysfunction which can last a few months, to a few years, to permanently. I wanted to let people of the this risk of taking an SSRI.
After two months, it had completely killed my libido and my ability to obtain an erection even with Viagra on board!
i was prescribed dianete for years and my face was beautiful! Bar the odd spot if I had a few too many drinks on a sat night =\ however due to docs weaning women off Dianete because of health issues such as blood clots, strokes they switched me to Yasmin! Worst pill I have ever had! My face looks like a giant Pizza! It 's vile, I get up everyday with another spot, angry red ones that lay under the skin so I can 't even attempt to get rid of them. I cry all the time, depression is creeping in. I 'm crying at TV adverts it 's that bad! I will be returning back to the docs to get a new pill.
Had skyla inserted 12/2/16 for my insanely bad cramps . The NP at my office did the procedure.. the insertion was like an extremely bad cramp.. I felt fine when I left but walking to my car I became week and dizzy and ended up throwing up in the parking lot. I had to stay there for about 30 minutes till I felt good enough to drive..  the rest of the day I was fine. The next morning I woke up with such terrible gut wrenching pain and a lot of bleeding .. I call my doctor they had me come in for an internal to see if it was in place (it was) over the next three weeks I was in so much pain and bleeding I called to have it removed on 12/23/16. My body had half expelled skyla and I was told I was lucky it didn 't puncture my uterus.
I have took the depo shot 2 times in a row and the bleeding has not stopped. It 's been going on almost 6 months so the doctor gave me the nuva ring. The doctor said that after 2 days the bleeding will stop its been 2weeks and the bleeding hasn 't stopped yet. So technically I have the depo shot and the nuva ring in my system and I 'm not having any good results.
Cannot tolerate restlessness
I am not a recently diagnosed glaucoma patient. This medication was introduced when my previous medication was no longer working well.  Although this drug lowered my pressure significantly, the side effect produced was extreme lupus-like symptoms which I continue to experience over seven months later.  After taking the drug for two weeks my ophthalmologist discontinued its use. I realize there are side effects with all drugs.  This is one in which I was not adequately informed of the risk and which I regret having taken..
Doesn 't work at all. I have major panic disorder and I 've tried everything except Xanax and Valium and I can say that this medicine surely does nothing in my case.
Did not help with acne, in fact, may have made it worse
This medicine did lower my blood pressure but after being on it for about 2 months, I began to have trouble urinating. At first I thought I was getting a bladder infection but the symptoms would come and go. Mainly occurring right after I took the pill. I decided to stop taking it for a while to see if the symptoms went away and they did. I also had swelling of my hands and I gained 5 pounds. 
I stopped after 15 days due to constipation and  abdominal pain. I lost no weight. It did nothing for me at all. After I stopped I went on an uncontrollable binge for several days. I was eating things I hadn 't had in a year - ice cream, chips. I felt out of control.   I went back to the phentermine and that has helped stop the binge eating.. I wish I had never tried this med and wasted my money.
Macrobid did nothing to eliminate my UTI. It was a failure just like amoxicillian. I was a bit nauseous at first but nothing that affected me. I took it for ten days.
I would not buy this product ever again. After applying drops as instructed I have lost hearing in that ear. I now have to go to an ear specialist to see what the problem is and if it can be restored.
Horrible cream.  It makes you more itch. I would not recommend monsitat for anyone. Don 't waste your time and money for this product.Thanks
I read reviews but didn 't listen...decided not to listen to that small voice in my head too that also agreed wow if the reviews are this awful its not worth it ...to be honest if your here reading this...there 's a good chance you may try for yourself regardless ...I just think all the negative comments on here as per my experience are 110% truthful...anyone that is all for it scare me and i wonder if people are hired to write positive reviews for things and lie to others...maybe not lol but maybe so ..don 't try this...
I was on the Nuva Ring for approx 9 months, and feel so good that I 've cleansed myself of it.. I became depressed to the point of wanting to place myself in an institution at times, had a massive fight with loved ones, put on 8kg, lost my passion for life, was always tired, needing to eat ALL the time... Need I go on?So I went back on the pill for 2 months following, before my sister in law convinced me to try other contraceptive methods such as condoms with my supportive (yet freaked out at first by the idea) fianc&eacute;. For 2 mnth I thought I was going to lose it with anxiety from  'coming down ', but I am pleased to report I 've never felt better in my life, and my partner doesn 't even know he 's wearing a condom! He literally has to check!
I used samples of Relistor first. Although it caused massive abdominal pain for 30 minutes to an hour, it worked. Unfortunately it costs $2,000 a month &amp; my insurance won 't cover it. On to Movantik. Side effects are HORRIBLE. MAJOR withdrawal symptoms. Severe sweating, shaking, going from extremely hot to teeth chattering cold, yawning 50 times in a row, heart palpitations, massive abdominal pain, skin feels like it 's crawling with sharp objects for hours. When I say hours..I mean 12-15 hours after my dose. Which was dropped from 25 mg to 12.5 mg. I have a bowel movement after taking about 20% of the time.I don 't have a lot of choices though. In 2012, my colon ripped in half. I was in critical care, trying to not go through that hell again
This birth control makes me incredibly nauseous. I had to miss a day of work due to the nausea. I have been on birth control in the past and realize taking it in the evening is the best choice but that does not help. I also take it with food and I am still nauseous. I feel like I have morning sickness all over again from my pregnancy. Switching pills....enough said.
Had IUD PUT IN IN April and continued on pill with this for two months.  Started spotting during my last week of pills and then received the period from hell and it pretty much has NOT stopped!  I went on this for heavy bleeding and long periods and was told it would more than likely eliminate my period.....however, just the opposite!  We are in July amd I have had a period, light bleeding or spotting EVERY day?  Wish I had have just endured the heavy periods for 9 or so days as this is ridiculous.  Thought about  having it removed but read that some people bleed for months after removal.  STRONGLY RECOMMEND NOT USING Mirena IUD.
Can only have this on for literally minutes before the itching/burning makes me want to cry. I can 't even concentrate on a TV show to take my mind off it. Anyone know of an alternative that doesn 't cause these effects? The catch 22 is that the one time I kept it on half the night I didn 't sweat again for months.Should probably also mention that my sweating problem is my face and neck, particularly my forehead.
I was switched by my insurance to Basaglar before then I was on lantus with blood sugar readings of 140-170 on average ever since the switch I 've been reading at 230 or higher. My eating habits have not changed, fasting between meals and small snack before bed I 've also changed the injection site to no improvement
Took this medicine last night.  Worst experience I have ever had with medicine.  I began sweating felt wired up could not sleep at all.  This is a bad drug.  I have not felt right at all since taking it.  Would not recommend this at all.
Horrible, did not work at all on my husband 's bronchitis and his bronchitis turned into pneumonia.
I was prescribed Lexapro about 3 years ago. I saw no change in my behavior except that I had no sex drive, no arousal, and it took me a long time to climax. Even after 3 years I was still depressed and anxious. It was not the medicine for me.
I had a Zoledronic Acid infusion in January and did well with no side effects at the time. About a month later, I started having diarrhea, constipation, frequent urination, pain in my hand and fingers,sleeplessness, blurred vision and  a constant buzzing noise in my head. I had a vision test, and my vision had drastically changed. I got new glasses, and my vision continues to deteriorate and remains blurry. I had to see a Urologist because of the frequency of urination. I saw a Orthopedic Surgeon who is going to operate on my hand. I am scheduled to see and ENT and Neurologist about the constant buzzing noise in my head. I have never been so tired or felt so bad. I do not want to have any more infusions.
I was put on this medicine after anxiety issues. It made things so bad that I was havin severe anxiety attacks was constantly jittery and unable to concentrate. I had severe hot flashes made my heart race like crazy and lots of chest pain. I discontinued after 3 doses of 10 mg after 3 days.
2 months after I had my baby I decided to get the inplonon worst mistake EVERR I had no sex drive at all and my mood swings were so bad that my husband and I almost broke up over me being in such a bad mood all the time I also got  very depressed I knew it wasn 't the baby blues because I was soo happy with my new daughter. Right after I took it off I started feeling like myself again
I slept great but I became extremily sad and disconnected. I developed cold like symptoms; sore throat, congestion, dry mouth. I had to stop taking it. I was only prescribed 0.5 mg.
Day 10 my 10yr old son started painful itching. Took advil, zyrtec &amp; called Dr. Instructed to give Benadryl. Next day welts all over, hot red rash coming &amp; going in waves. Severe joint pain, cough &amp; puffiness around eyes. Dr. reluctant to classify reaction as allergy to antibiotic, pointed out that he 'd taken same antibiotic 5 months prior &amp; no reaction. I suggested that 1st exposure = sensitized &amp; 2nd exposure elicits reaction. Pedi finally agreed with Mom 's assessment, prescribed oral steroid. Six days later, moderate symptom control on double dose benadryl, 20mg prednisone, albuterol for shortness of breath. Dr says not anaphylaxis. I suspect otherwise &amp; have epipen. He 's only comfortable when medicated. Bad drug!
I haven 't had a restorative night 's sleep since 1996. Been on a long list of meds for sleep. Dx - chronic fatigue syndrome, fibromyalgia. But my sleep disorder is longer than that. On combo of Ambien 10 mg, klonopin 1 to 1.5 mg for years. Lately combo not working well like I developed a tolerance for it. Doctor looking for something that hasn 't already failed for me to give a break from Ambien. One of meds prescribed to try is Belsomra 15 mg. Not sure it did anything. Awake for hours felt like I was starting to hallucinate, well just mildly. Tried it again for 3 days, each day would finally sleep for a few hours starting about 5 AM. Final day woke with blaster migraine. Not worth even the copay. On to the next ...
Cymbalta was the worst possible medicine I have ever been on.  Not only did it not help my depression at all, it actually made it worse.  I also started taking it for Fibromyalgia pain which it did not help.  Indeed, I have had more pain since starting on the Cymbalta than before I was on it. I can 't even count how many times I have considered putting myself in the mental health ward of the local hospital. 
After 6 months with this IUD I couldn 't take it anymore. I HAD to have it removed. I have never ever in my life dealt with depression/anxiety/panic attacks until I got the Copper IUD. (Before the IUD my periods were fairly light and 4-5 days on average. Light PMS. Some back pain) with the IUD  they were 7-8 days. So heavy I had to wear a pad and a jumbo tampon and change every 2 hours HORRIBLE cramping to where my only relieve was laying in bed curled up with heating pad. Midol/Tylenol rarely made a difference. Around my time of PMS I would suddenly feel very very depressed and sooo fatigue. And then my mind would race into a downward spiral where I would then panic I would feel this way forever.... Glad to have this out &amp; be me again!!!!
I cannot imagine why I stood so long time on it! I stood on Abilify at 3 years time and 2 months. My problem with abilify was that my bloodsugar level increased and I became extremely Hungry all the time. If you have bad bloodsugar you need to eat often. And on everyrhing. I even gained weight on the slightest. The only positive was that I was not psychotic on it and my dreams when I was sleeping was OK! But Abilify affected my personality, I was not ME on it.. I was like somebody else but I do not know who! Abilify serve only 2 of 10.
I am sitting crying in my bathtub. I 've personally never felt anything worse. Maybe it 's effective, but I 'm dreading to see if that 's actually true. I 'm not sure it 's worth it.
I gained almost 20 pounds and I have not had a sex drive
After doing all possible tests there is no other cause for my infertility / severely low sperm count. I should have been warned!
I 've had Mirena since March 2017. Dr said it would stop my period and I 'd only need for about a year because I 'm in peri-menapause. He also told me I would only bleed for a couple of days and then probably get my period lighter, for 3-6 months. No freakin way! I 'm like a leaking water faucet of red. I wear a pad all night, nothing, I 'll go to work, gush, go home and change. Had to wear an overnight pad and an ULTRA tampon every time before the Mirena.. Now, it 's an overnight &amp; HEAVY tampon.Ugh. No pain though, just lots of leakage. When will it end.
I was prescribed this for my anxiety disorder, and I 'm really disappointed. It did absolutely nothing for me, which for obvious reasons, is frustrating in times of extreme anxiety. Taking a &quot;rescue medication&quot; and help never coming was hard for me personally. Others say it works great, but I suppose it depends on the person.
I was diagnosed in 2010 as &quot;borderline&quot; Type 2 and given Met 500mg dose 1 x day at breakfast. I was overweight and already being treated for Hypothyroidism with Levothyroxine sodium. after several months on it I started losing muscle strength and tiring easily, sleeping in afternoons, something I 'd never done before. My husband was also on it 2 or 3x 800 mg per day,I don 't remember now, but having been diagnosed years earlier in UK. he was ok on it, despite  also being on French equivalent of Warfarin, and something else, since his triple bypass op in 2008. So same drug doesn 't always suit everyone, depending on other health factors. I ended up with a swollen spleen after taking Metformin, so took myself off it just B4 scan confirmed it!
I found out I was pregnant we were happy bla bla.  At 3 months we foundout it was a molar pregnancy. So obygn scheduled for a d&amp;c they suggested skyla in the mist of being sad &amp; disappointed with failed pregn. I was like fine we just want to get it over with so I can go home -  mind you these people had me next to women who were ready to POP -  all excited about their newborns  and I 'm over here heartbroken. Anyways I wake up from anesthesia with a sharp needle like pain. I didn 't even open my eyes. I just felt like a needle was poking my vagina  and playing darts w/my uterus/ovaries. He tells me few days cramps &amp; blood. Six weeks after I 'm still spotting &amp; cramping, I 'm losing hair, anxiety, sore bones, suicidal, depression for no reason other than this device. My pelvic area is always throbbing &amp; in discomfort
Used for 17yrs, worked well at first but needed increased doses as I became tolerant,held the same dose for past 7 yrs then suddenly became acutely anxious and agoraphobic dose was increased again but only result was awful unsteadiness on my feet.Finally was told that some people get withdrawal symptoms even whilst taking the same dose and it seems that is the problem I have,never been this ill in my life and now i face having to taper off it which scares me, my experience and opinion is it was fine short term but long term caused me more problems than it ever solved.
This stuff doesn 't work for acne . It hasn 't helped my skin at all and that was one of the reasons why I got birth control
It worked just OK with the first dose, after that it didn 't do much to control the cough.  I also found it did nothing to help getting the mucus up.  I had no adverse side effects such as nausea, vomiting or dizziness.  This is with a carefully measured dose of one teaspoon.  Overall I found it to be non effective.
I have had Fibromyalia for years and have been prescribed many different pain medicines. I have also been seeking less pharmaceutical ways of dealing with my pain. One doctor prescribed tryptophan to me and I thought it was great and have had to use less pain medicines because of it, however I did not know that it was classified as an SSRI so when my new doctor prescribed tramadol to me and bumped me right up to the highest dose and I took it with my tryptophan I got really really sick. It took me a few days to figure out what was going on but I was having a major drug interaction called serotonin syndrome. Be careful. Yes, this drug works wonders on pain but can be dangerous with many other drugs.
On my third pack and have seen no improvement. Everyone says 3 months is the magic number but so far I 've just gotten worse. I went on Yaz to help my moderate/severe acne and it made it completely severe and now I only break out in giant cysts that are very painful.
In was prescribed Nuvaring because I wasn 't sure if I was ready for an IUD yet so my doctor thought Nuvaring would be a good alternative. The only positive experience I had was putting it in. Easy. Didn 't have to think about it anymore. Until about 24 hours later.All of a sudden a ton of symptoms hit me at once. Complete loss of appetite. Nausea. Vomiting. Pain in my legs. Pain in my abdomen. Headaches. Dizziness. Vision changes. Turns out, I 'm allergic to Nuvaring. I immediately took it out; over a month later and I 'm still having some symptoms.Definitely make sure you read the possible side effects before using the ring, even if you 've taken birth control before!
Worst medication ever. Ruined my health. It 's chemical lobotomy.
First time taking 2.5mg Lexapro 3 hours after taking it I could not speak or think or walk normally, had severe nausea and headache, Spent 8 hours in ER. 2nd day have diarrhea and heart palpitations. I only took 2.5mg once. Not for me!
Used the one day ovule pack a couple years ago and had no problem. This time I used 3 day cream... Worst feeling ever. I thought my insides were on fire or bleeding. It willMake you cry yourself to sleep from the pain. Never again. NEVER. Remove this product fromThe market.
Back Pain - This medicine works fine at first, then you build a tolerance and it doesn 't work at all. In fact I stopped taking them all together when taking way more than recommended didn 't help.
I took this medication in 2015 (as Brintellix) for approximately 3 months for major depression.  It made one of my lower eyelids twitch.  And I mean twitching non-stop, 24-7 which continued for 3 weeks after cessation of the drug.  It looked like i had an incontrollable tic, both embarassing and physically uncomfortable.  I was afraid the tic could become permanent tardive dyskinesia so I stopped the medication.  As far as depression, I did not notice any significant improvement.
While taking this medication I developed severe diarrhea.  Stopped medication and it went away.
I took the first pill this morning with food. I feel very light headed kinda dizzy and kinda nauseous.  I think I 'll have to go home from work  because I feel so tired as well. Don 't think this drug is for me.
I 'm a 24 year old healthy woman. I just gave birth a little over a month ago. I decided to give this birth control a shot since every other birth control I 've tried was too strong and caused me to have migraines. Well SILLY me for doing so, I 've literally taken only five pills so far and I feel like a complete psycho! I 've had terrible mood swings, cry at the drop of a pen, overly sensitive, I 've CRAMPED every single day and have had brown spotting like my periods coming since I started the pill, and loss of appetite. I didn 't even feel like this while pregnant at all. This is the worst birth control I 've personally ever had and Will not be taking anymore pills for my own sanity lol I do though hope it works for everyone else.
Horrible horrible! I bled for 7 months.  I got bad Anxiety. The implant got lost in svared tissue in my arm which made it very hard to remove. I now hv mirena. Hopefully its better for me.
I have always struggled with SEVERE cramps, lengthy periods, and heavy bleeding. The OB/GYN gave me a sample of Minastrin FE and it worked WONDERS: No cramps, light and short periods. I went back to the OB/GYN because of an insurance change and was prescribed Junel Fe. It started out with extreme nausea EVERY night to the point where I couldn 't move or I 'd gag. Then there was leg pain. My period started and it was back to the bad cramping, long periods, and heavy bleeding. Very disappointing. Thankfully, I 'm being put back on Minastrin. Just because it didn 't work for me, doesn 't mean it won 't work for you. I hope everyone has a much better experience.
Had the shot in april,  began bleeding straight away and after 5 weeks of bleeding, I had a day of bleeding so bad, I collapsed and was taken to A &amp; E. My hg levels were so low, it will take six months of treatment to get them back to normal. I stopped bleeding after 8 weeks, then once it wore off in July, I started bleeding again and haven 't stopped for 3 weeks up to now. I have gained weight, had severe sleep disturbance, had hair loss and stomach complaints since being on it. Never ever going nr this again!
My doctor gave me 3 samples of Pennsaid while waiting on the prescription. I don 't understand any of these reviews. It does absolutely nothing for me. I was in a car accident and it appears I may have partially torn a ligament in my wrist. Maybe I was misdiagnosed and this is just the wrong medication for that? My doctor told me it would help the inflammation but all the reviews I 've read are claiming &quot;pain relief&quot;?  Thankfully I had the samples before I was forced to spend upwards of $75.00 for this useless medication.
I took 2 pills at 6 pm right after supper and by 3:30am I woke up to excruciating abdominal pain. I went to the bathroom and could not sit upright on the toilet. I sat there for about 15 mins and had a bowel movement. I crawled back on the bed and almost passed out. I was sweating so bad and cold chills. I 'm jerking all my clothes off laying naked. I was hurting so bad. I moaned and rolled on the bed from the pain. It 's 7:35pm the next day, been over 24 hours since taking the medicine and I 'm still cramping. I 've had 6 bowel movements so far. I thought maybe my body just couldn 't handle laxatives but reading other reviews it could possibly be the product. Never again will I take a laxative.
I 'm only going to say that I just inserted the medication cream half an hour ago... and I had to jump I the shower to clean my insides somehow. I could not stand or sit or lay with the pinching itch inside me and it was horrific. They say to insert the medication at night but how can I sleep like this-  no way. Never again.. I have had prescription miconazole and it was a clear gel that did not sting what so ever. I 'll stick with that or a pill- thanks
I got the depo injection in August 2015. After a week I started spotting which continued until my next injection in November. The GP said the bleeding would stop soon after I had the next injection so I agreed and get shot number 2. I continued to bleed into February 2016 and decided not to get a third injection. I continued to bleed after 2 weeks so went on the pill. This stopped the bleeding but the pill gave me migraines (which is the reason I went on depo) so I stopped taking it after a month. And within the week I was bleeding again. It 's now April 2016 and I 'M STILL BLEEDING! When is it going to stop?! I went to the gp for blood tests and I 'm now low in iron because I 've basically been bleeding for 6 WHOLE MONTHS.
Started 10mg of lexapro today in addition to 10mg of buspirone twice a day which I have been taking for months, and xanax as needed. Thank goodness I took lexapro on my day off around 3 pm. The side effects took place just an hour after taking it and I 'm still battling them at 5 am the next morning! First I could barely keep my eyes open, I felt like I was going to fall asleep. Then I dealt with unbearable nausea, diarrhea, 10x worse anxiety, dilated pupils and now insomnia. I really want to give this drug a chance after reading all the great reviews, but I just don 't know if I am willing to suffer through these side effects especially since I have been able to sleep very well recently which is something I have NEVER been able to say.
So a year ago I got my skyla put in, my uterus is tilted so they first try putting it in was un successful .  I went back three days later and they used an ultrasound the only pain I felt was the cramps after which were hell but that 's not why I am giving it a bad rating! After a year of it being it I got pregnant and had it removed the next day after finding out and then two days after that I started bleeding! I 'm having a miscarriage. I wasn 't on any antibiotics nothing that could interfere with the skyla! I loved my skyla while I had it but it was suppose to keep me from getting pregnant. It had one job, and it didn 't even last more than a year! Btw getting pregnant on an IUD is HORRIBLE!!!!!
I 've had Interstitial Cystitis for 10 yrs. I 've had 3 cystoscopy surgeries and 1 bladder tack. All to have a  diagnosis of Interstitial Cystitis. I have taken Elmiron on and off for years and I unfortunately do not get much if any relief. I 'm only 29 and fear that I am going be in pain forever.
Doesn 't work. Unreliable dosing. Expensive.
My husband took this drug for 1 month. He started losing his hair and that was a deal-breaker for him. Not enough of a trial to know effectiveness of the drug- but this bad rating was given because of the WITHDRAWALS. Brain zaps, nightmares, anger, vomiting and nausea. We started reading up online concerning the dependency called &quot;Cymbalta Discontinuation Syndrome&quot;   ...um WTF?? Please look it up- people are staying on the drug ONLY because the withdrawal symptoms are so bad and can last longer than the time you were taking the drug. My husband could be suffering for a year- we are newlyweds! Please do not start this drug if you haven 't already!!!
My 9 year old autistic son was prescribed 10mg of this two days ago. I was instructed to give it to him 30 mins before lay down time. My son is super energetic and is constantly and I do mean constantly running back and fourth in our home, it takes 3 hours to wind him down I 'm exhausted, his sister is exhausted, and he is exhausted. I see absolutely no difference we are still struggling to sleep. The only thing that has changed is in the mornings it 's almost as if he has a hangover from the medicine and can not wake up.
I am going to be as fair as I can be. As we can carefully repeat that not every medicine will work for everyone. But what I can tell you is that this medicine did nothing for me. Instead, it made my anxiety shoot through the roof, to the point where I thought I was being watched and stalked by law enforcements. I was deathly afraid of them taking me away, for what reason, I have no clue. It made me land in the psych ward. I would perspire in generous amounts! I would feel extremely guilty of past wrong doings (even the most minor thing I 've done wrong in my life would be the topic of debate in my head). I wish you all a happy healing and good luck on your search. 
I got pretty bad mood swings/anxiety with this but worst of all, I got cramps. I had cramps all month long for about 3 months before I switched. It would feel like someone punched me in the uterus and I 'd bend over in pain at random times in the day. However, I did experience this with other barr/teva pharmeceutical birth controls. I didn 't get pregnant so I suppose it was effective in that sense.
I have been on Zovia for more than 5 years, because I have had irregular menses due to a medicine I take for seizures. At first, when I started Zovia, my periods were regular, my skin was clearer, and my hair was long. Only during these last two years have I had at least one month during which my periods were longer than a week. My skin also has been breaking out, and my hair has been breaking off. Now, I 'm on my period, and it will be the longest period I have ever had. I have been melancholy, and I have lost my temper at people I love the most, which is not like me. I think my body is tired of Zovia. It is time to switch over to something else.
My neurolgist just discovered I had seizures about a month ago and it has been constant trial and error finding a medication that will work. I was taking 600mg of Tegretol for the last week and I developed a awful red rash and itching all over. My doctor has changed me to dilantin today and I hope I do better on that. Keppra was the first drug and that didn 't help.
My experience with abreva was quite upsetting. I had a light coldsore breakout and used abreva on the first day. Three days later, not much difference at all. I even bought two tubes $44..wow  Control this the proper way and have valtrex on hand.
I found this pill at the start to be amazing and fit me to the best. But later discovered it is not for me.. I 'm now switching pills to see if I can bring back my old self. I have taken YAZ for 14 months and am now taking my month which will make it 15 months. To say I 'm tired is not the word and shifting weight is near impossible. I have exercised and dieted with nothing more than a pound gained or the scale not moving. I also have in between bleeding. After taking the 15th day  I am guaranteed brown discharge and then some spotting, which I shouldn 't be getting. My period now as been the worse I have ever gotten in a long time.
I 'm on my fifth day, 5mg. Side affects too unbearable to try and continue to see if the affects subside. Unbearable nausea, diarrhea makes it impossible to leave the house. I was hopeful this medication would be beneficial I 've tried so many without success.
I 've been struggling with insomnia because of shift work disorder.  I started working graveyards in August of 2016. Today is October 31st 2016.  I took the  10mg first to try it out.  It worked ok but I still woke up here and there.  But I liked it.  Last night I tried the 15mg dose and oh my God did I ever have the worst nightmares of my life.  They were so vivid and real.  They scared me awake several times and the dreams did not end in my waking state. I seemed to shift back to sleep without even knowing it or I was still  awake.  I can 't tell but the nightmare kick right off where I left them.  I guess I slept but honestly I 'm terrified to take them again.  I 'm literally shaking after this experience.
I have been on Adipex for 3 weeks now and the only changes I have noticed in me and my body is that I have horrible cotton mouth and I am extremely constipated. I have maybe lost 1 lb since I started taking this medicine. I am extremely disappointed in this medicine it has done nothing for me.
I have been on subs for 7 years and have been very successful with my family and career! Two weeks ago I decided I don 't want to depend on anything but my self, well I thought...... I have been taking just a quarter strip for one year now and If I skip a day I can barely function. Called my doctor and he told me there 's no withdraw..... Bullshit!!!!!!! It 's been two weeks I haven 't takin it and I still can 't sleep at night, my back feels like it 's on fire, and I just got done  puking my guts out! This has been the hardest thing I have EVER had to overcome! If your  serious about getting clean DO NOT take this for a long period of time! Yes it helps the cravings but not your addiction!
I just stopped taking this birth control two days ago. I feel like I was going insane. I have done nothing but cry the past 3 days. I 've been dating my boyfriend for 3 months and I am absolutely in love with him and this made me feel no emotions. I feel numb and insane. I can cry over everything and at first I didn&rsquo;t realize why I was feeling this way and then I realized this was the cause. I felt nauseous in the morning the first few days, my skin did clear but I am not sure if it is due to the drug or my acne cream clindamyicin. This birth control should be taken off the shelves it has made me feel absolutely insane. My sex drive has decreased, probably due to my constant sobbing. I felt emotionally detached and numb. DO NOT TAKE.
Terrible product. I inserted the egg before going into work and had the worst shift of my life. I didn 't experience any burning but the itching has been unbearable. Couldn 't sleep comfortably. Used a shower head to try to soothe and still no difference. Made my vagina so sore I could barely sit down. Would not recommend this product. A 7 day cream is much more comfortable.
Was prescribed from the doc at the walk-in Ondanstron for severe vomiting due to food poisoning when I was out the day before, it stopped that but long story short I had to be in the hospital for 3 days to monitor &amp; do tests about my heart as they thought I suffered a silent heart attack after only 3 pills, they won 't admit to that drug causing some of what I got though &amp; only that I ingested an acute viral infection. Not fun.
I have been using epiduo now for 6 weeks and my skin has never been worse. It is five times worse than it was when I started using epiduo and it keeps getting worse everyday.
This is the worse medicine I have ever tried!  It didn 't take a week for me to have such a violent reaction I didn 't dare try it again. My eyes immediately burned and I couldn 't stand any light, plus my eyelids felt like they were stuck with glue and didn 't want to work right. I immediately went back to my doctor and listed my complaints. I have been on so many antibiotics and other drugs to try and get rid of the effects of this drug and NOTHING has worked. In addition to all the other drugs, I have been sent to other Ophthamologists and Neurologists! They were all determined that I had Dementia, or a blood clot behind my eye- only the right one went crazy! I have had to wear an eye patch and use moisture drops since the very first day !
If you want to be chronically lethargic and unable to function in most areas of your life, here 's your medication. It is the most draining med I 've taken for anxiety. Knocks you out all day long.
3 days in on 10mg per day, bloodshot, dry and sore eyes, vision problems, dry mouth, severe headaches, nausea, constipation, flu like symptoms, helped with frequency but I 'd rather pee every 1/2 hour than feel like this:((
This was prescribed to me the same day I was diagnosed with depression to help aid me sleep more. I average 3-4 hours of sleep per night. The 100mg dose prescribed to me did help give me a relaxation and heavy feeling. However, I still slept just as terribly, and in addition to walking up frequently I was hallucinating even more than I generally did because of my terrible sleep. In the morning I was unable to get out of bed and remained there for an additional 8 hours waking up about every 5 minutes. My body felt extremely heavy and tired and not refreshed in any way.If a doctor prescribes this to you to help you sleep and you don 't have any anxiety, I 'd say stay away.
I was diagnosed with IBS after a long, painful battle with RLQ Abdominal pain. I was prescribed Linzess. Before I took Linzess, I could go to the bathroom every single day, multiple times if I needed to. First day of Linzess - cramps literally DOUBLED my original rating of an 8 on a 1-10 pain scale, 10 being worst pain in life. Was in complete agony until it wore off. Couldn 't go to the bathroom at all. Second day of Linzess- cramps literally TRIPLED my pain. I 've been in bed crying because I can barely talk because I 'm in so much pain and yet, still no bowel motion. Not only is this medication making my pain much worse, it also caused me to become constipated because I wasn 't constipated before. I will NOT be using this medication again.
My body had a very bad reaction to this. I only took it for two days and I began to experience severe side effects including: insomnia, extreme depression, anxiety, nausea, irritability and light abdominal pain. I felt like this pill made me into a different person. I switched to a different type of hormonal birth control pill immediately.
I went to the doctor with fluid around my knee.  At this point it was stiff and only a little sore. 5 days later, I have stopped taking it because my knee has become painful and useless.  I also started developing bruises easily.   This is easily the worst medication I have ever taken (along with Clindamycin in a close second).
Would not recommend for anyone that suffers from a mental illness. 5 days after insertion I began to have debilitating mood swings. Crying, panic attacks, suicidal thoughts, anger, and feelings of being completely overwhelmed hit me hard and continued non stop for 3 weeks now. I already suffered from anxiety and depression that I was managing just fine on my own with homeopathic remedies. After having nexplanon inserted all my progress went out the window. To make matters worse, my Dr. refused to remove it after 2 weeks and instead wanted to put me on antidepressants  (which are ineffective for me or have side effects that are not worth it for me). After having it for 4 weeks, I am finally having it removed!
This is the worst drug I have ever taken. Two weeks after taking it my breast swell up they wore so painful I can hardly work... I had problems bleeding last night and I feel most of my body itching... my waist hurts... my energy levels are so low it feel like I am so sick... I feel cold and depressed .... I never feel so bad
I kept waking up
This pill caused horrible side effects. My mood swings were so bad I thought I was going crazy. I was angry all the time, sad, depressed, and suffered nightmares. It will lighten your periods, but it wasn 't worth feeling mentally insane!
Well girls I absolutely do  not recommend Implanon, let me tell you a little bit of my journey with it. I got Implanon on 8 August of 2016 and today I took it out the 17June of 2017 its been a nightmare. Of course it does what it suppose to do which is not getting you pregnant but on the other side it is the most horrible thing that has happened to me because of the side effects. 1. My period started to be irregular and after 3 months my period just disappeared 2. I am a person that always try to take care of my skin and after one month of having Implanon my skin started to be dry, breakout a lot even on my back 
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE stuff!  I barely got the first half down and fought back throwing it up all night long. There was no way I could do the second half the next morning. Thank God the first half was enough to do the trick. You would think that by now, with as routine as this procedure has become, someone would have come up with a prep that doesn 't make you wish for death.
I don 't recommend this pill. Caused a massive hairloss , I lost my beautiful thick hair , I 'm nearly bald.The biggest nightmare of my life , never again.
I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and spondylosis a month ago.  My general Doctor prescribed vicodin ES and Soma.  But I was still in so much pain, she sent me to a rheumatologist who after 5 months of tests, diagnosed me.  Yesterday I told the doc that 2 Vicodin a day was not enough because I always run out at the end of the month, but he said I was immune to Vicodin 's so he prescribed me tramadol. Today was my 2nd dose of tramadol and I experienced serious side effects. I had facial twitches, a swollen throat, a terribly upset stomach and flu-like symptoms.  And it does nothing for my pain.  I was so hoping this would work because I had read so many good things about it.
I had the paragard put in six weeks after my son was son. Biggest mistake of my life. The cramps were unbearable. I bleed for 6 months straight. One week a month I would bleed extremely heavy. For the rest of the month it would be light bleeding. I could never leave the bathroom with out a normal size pad during the light days. I finally had it removed a year after it was put in because of insurance reasons. Well they had to remove it surgically because it was implanted in my uterine wall. It has been five years since I had it removed.I 've had 5  surgeries since to remove one cancer cells and masses. Please fully research things before you put them in your body.
I was prescribed this for 10 days for an ear infection,  my first 2 days I just felt nauseous but I ate a heavy meal and noticed that did help BUT for the past 3 days I 've been having severe headaches and I still have 5 days to go. I think I 'm going to stop the medicine it 's not worth the pain! My ear does feel better though!
NO. Just don 't. I 'm sobbing &amp; nauseous from how horrible the burn is...I explained it to my boyfriend as someone lighting your vagina on fire, then sending in a swarm of bees to sting inside of you.
I used this for three weeks....my eyes were blurry, and swollen eyelids, eyes more sensitive to light, matted eyelashes and crusting of lids. Stopped using the drops and now back to normal.
Awful!!!  So uncomfortable,  The pain is undescribable.  I will never take this product again!
I have used Plan B few times it has worked. I recently lost a lot of weight. I went from being infertile to fertile within 4 months. One night Jan 16, I was very intoxicated and went over to my friends house. Ended up having unplanned and unwanted sex. I threw up 12 hrs straight the next morning so the next day I took plan B between 24-36 hours after. I was due for my period Jan 20 th. ... needless to say my period never came and 3 weeks later I found out I was pregnant by this person. I am blessed with a beautiful child, But I 'd never wish this situation on my worse enemy. Every day is a reminder how I have a baby from someone I didn 't even  want to have sex with.
Dizziness, tiredness, runny nose, sore throat, cough, diarrhea, generally feel bad.
Started meds on Monday.  My arms and legs hurt terribly Tuesday and Wednesday.  The headache has been the worst I have ever had.  Chills, sweating, nausea, impaired vision, insomnia.  I called the Dr 's office Wednesday afternoon and the nurse told me to give it a few more days. Went to different Dr on Saturday and he said bactrim is notorious for headaches and other adverse effects. Off of it now and have to wait 24 hours before I can start a new antibiotic.  I 'm praying this headache ends soon
I 've had the Implanon for about a year and have had nothing but problems. I have bled everyday since I got it.. and when I asked the doctor about it he told me there 's nothing he can do. I get headaches all the time which I never got before. I 'm going to get it out!
I have taken Nora Be 0.35 for 3 months.  I have experienced heart palpitations and heart fluttering in my stomach.  This seems to occur in the morning and evenings.  My periods start on my second week of each new pack.  I have had headaches behind my eyes and some weight gain.  I plan to discontinue this medication to see if my symptoms go away.  I 'm 47 and seeking a better form of birth control.
I got this thing in December 2015 and it really sucks I 'm always emotional never happy mostly angry I have spells where I don 't feel like eating went to c what was wrong and the doctors say I 'm depressed on top of that Im having pregnancy symptoms but the nexplanon sucks its ruining my life all the way around been lightly bleeding bout a month it stops until I have sex then its right back this is really stupid I want out...NEVER AGAIN
I experienced severe heart palpitations.  I also experienced a marked increase in anxiety, sleep problems and weight gain.
I was given Nucynta 75mg and at first it was great but after 7 months it no longer worked. I go to see my doctor tomorrow and I will ask for something different.
So I 've been taking sprintec for a month now due to different insurance. And I 've had two periods within one month, I am very emotional unstable. My ankles are swelling I have headaches. And my sex drive is decreasing. I 'm always sleepy, I never want to get up for work, my cervix was really hard and low on my period. And this has never happened before, this pill is horrible for me! I can 't speak for everyone.
STAY AWAY FROM XANAX. Please!! It will help you -- in the moment. But literally hours later, the rebound anxiety and insomnia will hit you and make you regret taking it at all in the first place. And before you know it you 'll go from half a bar to multiple bars just to sleep at night. Oh, and the increased despersonalizion and dark thoughts are not potential &quot;side effects&quot; -- they are some of the many very real, consistently DIRECT EFFECTS of taking Xanax. Benzos should be used as rarely and as short-term as possible. Even in these cases the withdrawal is VERY real...it hurts just to live. Please. Take my word for it. I 'm going through it for the TENTH time right now. ADDICTIVE
While on Mepron, I noticed a gradual intensification of depression and psychological manifestations.  At first I was not concerned and just attributed it to temporary hormonal fluctuations or whatever.  As the fourth month approached, it had became much more intense and consistent. I was not making any progress in any other area and I could no longer deny the effect the Mepron was having on me.  Did not help me at all!
Omg I got the 7 day kit (Monistat) and now have the most torturous burns and pains. I 'm literally in tears, I feel like after I applied the cream I feel like a swarm of killer bees are stinging the inside of my vagina. The pain is truly horrific! Not sure I can finish the treatment.
I used Alli  for about three weeks .  I didn 't notice it helping me lose  weight faster than I can with a weight watchers program . It did increase my bowel movements. I did have some stomach discomfort and gas. I stopped using it at the end of the third week because I went out to dinner and took my pill with my meal  and it made me extremely ILL.  Vomiting and  Diarrhoea  for over eight hours !!!  I would not recommend this product to anybody !!!  Weight watchers is working out very well for me .  Eating healthy and exercise is the only way to go, there is no magic pill!!!  I had to find out the hard way !
Helps inflamation but with excessive weight gain 10lb 1 mth.
Reclast is a bad drug. It made my wife terribly ill! All side effects were devastating! It should be removed from use! She is lifeless in bed. had to take her to the ER for morphine and nausea meds and calcium. This drug is dangerous and the fda should be held responsible for its end results and its allowing of doctors to use in it the USA.
Started this med on June 2nd 2015  with 75mg no difference a month later, I am up to 150mg no difference scrappy mood no desire to do anything.  I drag my self out of bed every morning I am now on 300mg a month later hopefully some miracle would happen I am going to give another month with the 300mg dose, if there is no change, I am trying some thing else. I am so sick of this drugs that take weeks to work and then no result so you have to try something else.  I 'll  keep you posted.  By the he way today July 26  is my 3rd day on 300mg. Wish me luck
I 'm absolutely DONE taking this horrible birth control! I 've  been taking Aubra for a month and a half... I 'm moody, irritable, depressed, hungry, bitchy... vaginal discharge has changed  (gross), my urine smells, my acne has gotten so out of hand and it 's STUBBORN. Cystic acne all around my mouth, jawline, Chin and neck. After doing some research online, I discovered I 'm not the only one. Birth control is different for everyone but this is going in the trash... I will not be taking this any longer. It also kills your sex drive... as for the difference in bleeding, I wouldn 't know. I started this pill on day 1 of menstrual cycle last month and haven 't had a period yet... have had plenty of headaches though! 
Bad dizziness, bad nausea, sleepiness.
At the age of 24, I unfortunately developed severe acne on my lower face. Tried everything the dermo suggested, antibiotics.. Some prescribed creams...then Epiduo. Doctor told me I 'd have some irritation/dryness/redness and my acne might get worse before it got better for a few weeks... So for 12 weeks i patiently followed the doctors directions using the suggested cleanser/ moisturizer for the dryness and my nightly pea size application of Epiduo. This product..*sigh*  made my acne WORSE.. For 12 weeks!!! More painful deep zits, bigger pores, more outbreaks... Like i didn 't even go out anymore it was so bad. I quit using it from frustration and oddly my acne cleared up 90%. maybe I had a reaction? Who knows.
I have Epilepsy as well as Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I have been taking Klonopin and my Doctor is concerned about addictive behavior, so she put me on Buspar and decreased Klonopin. After the first dose, I had a massive panic attack (which can trigger seizures) so I also had a seizure in which I had to go to the E.R for. It also made my hands and feet sweaty, I was shaky all over, and always anxious. I was very appreciative that my doctor let me get off of Buspirone because it is just awful! I would not recommend it to anyone, especially patients who have epilepsy!
Had the implant for 40 days then had it removed. The whole 40 days I had continuous bleading and spontaneous cramping. It cost me $170 with insurance for removal and the doctor had a nasty attitude because I disregarded his suggestion to leave it in..he said it can take up to 8 months for my body to adapt and stop bleeding..I am 30 and have a husband I absolutely cannot wait that long and I don 't know how healthy bleeding for 8 months really is
This is pure poison, I have very bad side effects from this poison and the doctor said he can do nothing, the physical and mental pain is so bad , hot flashes, very high blood pressure, head aches every day, pain urinating, joint pain, mental confusion , brain fog, memory loss, total itchy all over, sleeplessness , very bad fatigued, and a lot more, my doctor never told me anything about this poison just injected my with a 6 month supply, at 6,000.00.
This med has made me feel sick from the first day I started, I was hoping the side effects would become less as time went by, however I can 't not stand the way I feel, so I am done!
If you decide to take this drug don 't! Unless you want a period longer than a week, migraines, and uncontrollable mood swings. Lots of crying! Did I mention depression? Generess is a better option.
I would not recommend to anyone. It 's great to not have to take something everyday but in the long run not worth the syptoms it causes. So moody all the time. I have had this for about two years and out of those two years only 3 months have had a normal period otherwise I bleed constantly. I 'm 17 and it makes me so depressed I use to be the most bubbly person but now I feel like it drains the life right out of me.  I hate it and can 't wait for to come out I 'm on the count down.
Worst 10 year experience of my life! It gave me bi-polar disorder OCD and even worse ADHD!! It made me get very very very bad anxiety and it felt like I was gonna have a heart explode!
HATE this. I 've been on this birth control for one year now. I gave it a chance. I have been bleeding for 9 out of the 12 months. Two weeks after I got it I had massive depression that lasted for 2 weeks. I guess it was my hormones changing. Then nonstop bleeding and cramps. Sometimes they were very light but it was extremely annoying and expense to be buying so many tampons. I also gained about 15 pound over the last year and I work out and don 't over eat. Its very difficult trying to get the weight off. Don 't use this. Your doctor will say its great and you won 't have to worry about taking a pill every day. DON 'T do it...its a trap.
I 've never done anything like this but I decided to share my story. I was on Implanon birth control for two and a half years. I got it put in three weeks after my daughter was born. I weighed 155 at the time. I tried everything to lose weight I ate healthy and worked out daily from doing zumba work out videos and running two miles a day. I just couldn 't lose weight. My periods were awful I would be on mine for at least 14 days out of the month every month. I also had really bad headaches at least twice a month and the mood swings were horrible I just wasn 't myself. So I finally got the implant taken out a week ago today and I feel so much better I have lost ten pounds without working out or changing what I eat.
I started this shot in order to stop my already heavy flow, and it did the complete opposite! Every time that I take the shot, I am period free for a week, and then after that, 3 months of constant bleeding. It was the worst idea ever. Thank goodness that I did not go with the arm implant, I bet that I would have been bleeding for 3 years straight, no breaks!
I have been on the Implanon since November 8, 2011.  As of November 10, 2011, through today, I have been extraordinarily moody, snappy, miserable and all-around upset about everything.  My husband has been tolerant, but I have a zero-tolerance policy for unnatural mood swings.  I 've called my doctor for follow-up, but if this moodiness (crying, depression, snapping, anger) keeps up for one more month, I 'm having the Implanon removed.  There are all sorts of other types of birth control, and clearly messing with my hormones is not the birth control that 's good for me. I am very happy for the women that this DOES work for, and equally grateful to the women who shared how nutty this makes them.  For my biochemistry, this does not seem to work.
DO NOT USE THIS DRUG!!! I was prescribed Lavaquin for a sinus infection over 2 years ago &amp; I am still suffering the side effects. The tendon pain was SO severe during &amp; many months after finishing this med. Now, 2 &amp; 1/2 years later, I still have severe tendon pain, stabbing, hot pain mostly in my wrists, hands &amp; arms. I do not sleep through the night, due to the horrific pain &amp; it persists constantly throughout the days! I have Achilles problems now &amp; can not walk or stand up for any length of time. I am sure I have permanent tendon damage from this drug, which my doctor denies can be caused by this drug &amp; wants to do further tests for autoimmune disease! Stay away from this drug it is poison and ruined my quality of life!!!!!!
Atorvastatin prescribed for years. on January woke up with severe leg cramps in both legs, aching in morning, couldn 't walk any distance, joint pains severe, back so painful. Doc never mentioned it could be tabs and I couldn 't believe a neighbour who was exactly the same as me. Her doc took her off them and she 's back to her gym routine and never felt better!!! I 've stopped them 3 days ago and I 've never felt better. Started back at my gym.
I have had sinusitis for last 4 weeks - doctor prescribed dymista &amp; I have had it for the last 2 days.  The worst drug I 've ever taken. Felt weak &amp; emotional - on the verge of tears. Had to go to bed at 7pm. It was an expensive experience as it cost me &euro;42
Been on it over a month and have gained weight not lost. So sad bc it has so few side effects compared to the others
I 've been prescribed seraquel now for roughly a year and the side effects are soooooo nasty I wouldn 't recommend it at all,the main thing that attacks me relentlessly is the tickles under the skin in the legs and I 'm probably keeping the neighbors awake cos Iv gotta keep stretching my legs and wriggling in bed to calm down the relentless torment that comes back maybe every 5/10 seconds for roughly 5/8hrs most nights,I 've also got to the point where it feels like I 'm going to swallow my tongue for hours on end and I wander if I 'm gonna be alive the next day as well,I get to the point where I 'm nearly asleep and self resuscitate with a jolt of adrenaline in my heart and a deep breath like I nearly drowned and nearly have a heart attack,it 's NASTY
I am taking 225 mg of Lamictal for depression. The Dr. wanted me to try this along with the Lamictal.I took it once, at bedtime and woke up with the worst headache I 've had in my entire life, and it lasted all day. Also had very loud ringing in my ears which lasted all day. Not good. Needless to say, I did not take it again, so I cannot comment on its effectiveness.
I am 19 years old and have been on this pill for 4 months. before starting this birth control I had no acne and relatively heavy periods with no cramps and slight bloating. since starting this pill I have developed acne and severe mood swings and gained about 10 pounds. I also bleed almost constantly, about 3 weeks per month, very lightly and now experience cramps when on the placebo pill. I visited my gyno and he told me to finish the 3 month subscription I had possessed to see if my symptoms improved and they only worsened. worst decision ever going on this pill and I would not recommend it to anyone.
I would not recommend this birth control. I was on the depo for three years and switched over one year ago because my doctor recommended it. Within the year I experienced weight gain from the irrational cravings, my boobs hurt and were swollen, and periods would go one for months. There were other manageable issues that I 'm not confident I can 't contribute to the Nexplanon. However, I am confident it caused the above side effects. I had it removed a week ago and am hoping to feel back to my self soon.
Took the pill 12 hours after unprotected sex. I 'm a month late took a pregnancy test it 's negative but I 'm still worried I might be because I have started yet
The cost was  $2000 for a single injection and there was no improvement in my level of pain.  I would like to know if this charge is normal for this product.  Just because Medicare paid for it doesn 't mean there shouldn 't be value received.
DOOOO NOT, I REPEAT DOOOO NOT USE THIS ACID BALL!!! Oh JESUUUUUS!!! For the few thats saying &quot;I didn 't feel anything&quot; well maybe just maybe YOU ALL DIDN 'T HAVE AN YEAST INFECTION!! It is entirely toooo many women on here with the same intense stories. This is my VERY FIRST YEAST INFECTION and I believe it 's from my new bottle of fragrance liquid soap. Ok I wasn 't thinking, shame on me HOWEVER I was told that this product was the answer to my itching. Now they didn 't tell me about numbers. So I picked up the only one that was on the shelf which happened to be no.1 lets just say I 'd rather push out triplets the natural way with NO meds. It felt as if I inserted an opened ghost pepper inside my vagina. A MAN HAD TO HAVE DESIGN THIS PILL!!
I 've been on Portia for a couple of months and it 's the worse. I have terrible headaches , I 'm always sleepy &amp; lazy , always nauseous. It does help my period a lot though but it always makes me like I 'm pregnant or something. I 'm always hot at night as well.
I was prescribed Duexis for bursitis and IT Band syndrome.  After taking five tablets over two days, according to the directions and always with food, the effects were unbearable.  I first noticed rapid weight gain then severe stomach pain, and ultimately diarrhea which was black and sticky. Wicked stuff.  Stopped immediately, will resume with low doses of ibuprofen and naproxen.  The only good thing I can say about it is that it did control my pain and provided a deep, restful sleep.
Made me so dizzy that I could not walk down stairs or across rooms where I had nothing to hold on to.  Made me sick to my stomach too, and offered no relief from fibromyalgia symptoms.
I am happy for all the success stories above, glad it worked for you. Myself, I found it to be a bit much. The 0.5mg did nothing, 1mg just made me dopey, but the 2mg simply conked me out. Could not function during the day. Found that Valium was better for me. (Condition: severe anxiety/paranoia) claustrophobia, got REALLY tired of having to use stairs to ascend 5,6,7 floors. Elevators were out of the question,
This should be BANNED! I hallucinated, had VERY vivid dreams/night terrors, night sweats/periodic bouts of sweating, seizures, heart palpitations, sleep walked, raised my blood pressure, anger issues, constipation, shakes/tremors, almost died on numerous occasions from dehydration, lack of nutrition and lack of care for myself. My doctor REFUSED to take me off so a few years later, I took myself off and changed physicians. I have NEVER had any of those symptoms listed above since. Do NOT TAKE THIS! IT IS EXTREMELY DANGEROUS!!! Please withdrawal this medication from the market as soon as possible.
Help! Someone help me my girlfriend&rsquo;s vagina is on FIRE!!! I 'M HOLDING HER hands BUT she wants to itch her vajaja so bad. I suggest you buy something else or see a doctor I mean IDK what I&rsquo;m talking about cuz I&rsquo;m a dude but, yeah call your doctor and don&rsquo;t hold your boyfriends hand unless he&rsquo;s cool with you breaking it.
I was put on a very low dose of Atenolol and after 27 days I stopped taking it.. Worst ever.. My heart pounds, my chest is tight with a burning sensation and difficulty breathing... Add cold soaking sweats and huge bruises on my arms and I have had enough of this poison.. Called my cardiologist and told him I was not taking it anymore and he didn 't  call me back... Woke up at 4 am and my heart was beating so hard I thought I was having a heart attack... Happy it works well for some... And, it is the only medication I was on...
TRAZODONE, gives nasty neck &amp; headaches to some &amp; I am one who cannot tolerate trazodone.I had taken it for two different days with exact same results.  It helped to fall asleep but only a few hours in does the headaches &amp; neck pain woke me up.
I started Humira injectable twice a week in conjunction with Methrotexate and Mobic since March of this year with no side effects, but no felt benefits either. I had to stop due to surgery and restarted once weekly three weeks ago and been having severe joint pain since I restarted Humira requiring a short course of cortisone. Resume Mobic a week ago. Joint pain continues and just haven 't felt myself since I started Humira. The pain wakes me up at night and I am just miserable. This is no quality of life. Thank you all for sharing your experiences, it is a comfort to know other people understand your symptoms and that you are not alone! I don 't think this is the best medicine for me. :(
I was put onthis on and it worked, but afterwards omg I was red, my face was burnt and it looked like I got an allergic reaction because my eye was swollen. My face still looks awful 3 days later. I will never use again...
Took Cipro for a suspected UTI and within 3 days my legs were in terrible pain. I now suffer from permanent nerve and tendon damage over 3 years later. I 'm in my thirties. I wouldn 't take this again if you paid me. My life has been ruined.
I was given this for panic disorder with agoraphobia. It made me so dizzy every time I took it that I couldn 't even read a book because it felt like I was in a washing machine being twirled around. I took it at night before bed and I had to make sure I was in bed when I took it and I could not be walking around or doing anything because I was afraid I 'd stumble or fall down. I took it for eight days and it didn 't get any better, so finally I stopped taking it. It had no noticeable improvement on my anxiety anyway and I didn 't see the point in taking something that made me feel like I was on a merry-go-round.
I tried Lunesta for about 3 weeks. The first day it worked okay. After that it was useless. Also very expensive.
I got the depot shot right after my third child. We decided no kids for a while. Got my first shot had my cycle for 5 weeks! Constant PMS, I 'm anemic so I was always cold. Always got at night. Weight gain and I 'm already a BBW. So sex life stopped completely. Was not interested at all even when I was off. So I got the second shot cause the doctor said it will get shorter. LIES! Had my cycle for 3 weeks. Still no sex life. Stopped for two days. Then started again plus severe cramps and clotting. Going on 4 weeks now. This shot broke up my relationship because I could be intimate with my fiance. Yah it stops u from getting prego. But it also stops your sex life too. Depo sucks big time.
First of all, not all doctors are trained in how to properly insert Nexplanon. The wrong doctor may embed it too deep, causing a 20-30 minute removal. Make sure the doctor has done is at least 20-30 times. The only pro of this BC is that its the most effective BC out there and you don 't have to consciously think about it. Nexaplanon made gain weight, bleed for a month at a time, cost me hundreds of dollars in tampons &amp; pads, caused a yeast infection and completely changed by personality (caused depression and horrible anger spells), it affected my relationships with everyone I know. Just had it removed last week, emotionally I feel like myself again, however horrible cramps &amp; morning sickness have been present.
I took Geodon alongside lexapro. I have already taken lexapro for this past year and never had a dystonic reaction. However, when my nurse practitioner introduced geodon I went into dystonia . Dystonia is when your body begins to contort on itself involuntarily. I could literally feel my neck twisting on itself trying to snap. Thankfully i was cured with benadryl, and the dystonia  was not permanent. If you want to try this med, keep a supply of benadryl to stop a dystonic reaction and call an ambulance right away. Even more, this is not the only medication that can cause dystonia. Several others can to - like risperidone, halodol , and abilify. When they are combined with an anti depressant they can increase the risk of dystonia.goodluck
This drug made me very ill. Extremely nauseated, hot, and overall nasty feeling. I would take pain over that any day.
If you think the side effects are bad, wait until you try to get off of this.
After citalopram stopped working after 10 years my dr changed me to sertraline. Started on 50mg for 3 days then went to 100mg. I was a total mess, couldn 't eat, lost 1 stone in 3 weeks, was sick after drinking water, had tremors, night sweats, became depressed, had suicidal thoughts (am 41 and never had them before) became agrophobic - the list is endless. Unfortunately it took 2 months to see a psychiatrist who told me they weren 't agreeing with me so am weaning off them and feeling loads better. Was put on mirtazapine and they seem to be working. This medicine seems to help lots of people but please trust your instincts and have a good relationship with your doctor to discuss side effects etc.
Originally was put on Levlen as a last resort to treat my Menorrhagia, after 6 months it eventually made my cycle normal-ish, which was great after dealing with that for 2 years.Experienced enormous weight gain, since going on it 3 years ago, I have doubled my weight, exercise, and diet hasn 't stopped the weight gain, heaviest I 've been in my life. It has happened to other members of my family with taking Levlen, so it might not happen to everyone.Had a lot of fainting, passing out 6 months in, my GP didn 't really look into it.My mental health got worse on it too,huge difference in my mood, developed clinical depression, and anxiety. When I stopped taking the pill there was huge difference in my overall mood.
Was given this for a stomach bug and if anything it made my nausea worse. I don 't recommend.
Long But Important! Don 't Take This!I absolutely hate this birth control!! It makes me SO rotten! Horrible mood swings to the point where I am snapping at people at work. I have gained 100 pounds being on birth control overall.. that 's right. 100 pounds. But this one keeps tipping the scale! My acne is TERRIBLE, I have absolutely no sex drive, and my periods are so irregular. My ankles swell to the point where I can 't feel my toes, my hair is falling out in clumps, and I am absolutely miserable. Please don 't waste your time on Camila like i did. I don 't want anyone to ever experience what I am right now. I am getting it switched today. Good luck ladies!!!
My doctor had me try this after several other current anti-depressants failed.  It gave me bad nightmares every night for the three weeks I tried it.  The last night I took it, my dog (who sleeps with me) was frantically licking my face to wake me out of my nightmare. That was enough.  I then went to an old medicine, imipramine, that has proved effective in controlling my depression and anxiety.
Beware Abilify, watch your weight.  I stayed on Abilify for 7 months faithfully, hoping that the pros would outweigh the cons.  The result?  I gained 90 lbs in 7 months and this weight does not &quot;shed&quot; with discontinued use, I 'll be working out hard to lose this.  I 'm only 25.
I was prescribed 25mg and was advised to take it as needed up to 4 times a day, and still nothing.  I realize that with other medications, you should take it for 4 weeks or so to start to feel a difference, but anxiety medicine should work shortly after taking it, right? Unfortunately when I called my Dr, I had to &quot;give it time&quot; even though people anxiety don 't really have time. So frustrating. $50 without a coupon just to have the same anxious rage I already had.
I Gained 50 POUNDS in the first 2 months of taking it. Didnt Work At All. Still had insomnia.
Apri was the first birth control I took (at the age of 24). I started taking it to prevent pregnancy, not for any other reason since my periods were regular and I rarely experienced any kind of cramps or moodiness. This pill changed that entirely. I started experiencing cramps around the time my period began. I noticed a considerable drop in my sex drive, which frustrated both me and my boyfriend. I also became depressed, my moods fluctuated from happy and positive to irritable to extremely depressed in a span of hours. I stayed on this for over six months before changing. I changed to Aviane and have noticed a VAST improvement.
OMG, this medicines is the worse for your health. I 'm a 38 year old female diagnosed with anxiety and insomnia in July and by the middle of Nov I was in almost complete liver failure. 22 days in the hospital for them to figure out it was the trazadone. Do not take.... or discuss this side of effects with your doctor,as they will not tell you this is one of the side effects
The first few days I had crushing migraines and dizziness.  I began getting headaches around week 6 again but, didn 't associate it with the meds because 5 weeks passed with no side effects.  Then my left eye began to droop and blur my vision.  I thought it was due to botox.  The eye drooped to almost closed, then my cheek fell and a few days later I had trouble speaking.  Rushed to the ER and got an MRI, CT etc to rule out a stroke.  ZERO findings.  They said Botox was the cause.  My symptoms have come and gone, which would not be botox reaction.  Today, my vision is blurred to the point that I cant drive and eye barely open.  I just figured out that the eye opens when I miss a dose!!!  NOT WORTH IT.  My hospital bill is going to be HUGE
I started taking this pill for ovarian cysts. I also have moderate/severe acne and was told it works well to clear up skin also. On top of that, I get insane cramps during my period. Overall, it was about time I started birth control. I am very unhappy with this pill. After taking the pill for 3 days, my acne got a lot worse, and I broke out on my chin/jawline, which had never happened before. Everyday I get sharp pains (feels like cramps) in my lower abdomen. Today they were so bad that I considered pulling over my car while I was driving and calling my parents to come pick me up. I also have been getting migraines more frequently. Overall, this pill has been a disappointment. If my acne doesnt clear up soon I will switch pills
I have had my period for two months so far. This has caused me to be extremely anemic which has made my hair fall out and I 'm so weak.
I have been searching for some way to get rid of this toenail fungus for 10 years with no success. I was hopeful that Jublia would work. I applied every morning for over 6 months to no avail. Not only does it not work (like all the others) but it damaged the skin around my nails also. I am so, so frustrated that this is yet another failed attempt to treat this disease. Can 't believe that the medical and drug industries are using another disease to rake in money and keep the disease alive. Shame on all of you.
So glad I looked on here. It 's been 3 months and I have also lost a ton of hair, no acne but really depressed and high anxiety! I did just have a baby but I was doing great up until I got the birth control. I feel like a hot mess and I need to be put in a padded room. I was losing weight before Mirena and now I 'm gaining (not happy about this). I feel tired and sad. I 'm calling my doctor as soon as.
Darn, this didn 't work for me. Been taking T for a month and the stomach pains and nausea are debilitating. There was no amount of OTC gastrointestinal aid that could help me. I was literally an acid bomb walking. I had blisters in my mouth and lips and was continuously in abdominal pain. Look forward to trying another pill.
I Hate It!!! I 'm 19 had it for about a year got it in May 2015. I was happy with it for like a month after that I can 't stand it!!1. I bleed for three weeks and stop for 4 days then start again. (been like this for 12 months ) It 's very uncomfortable. 2. Major hair loss. That it 's makes me sad 3. Horrible depression and mood swings it 's  horrifying. Constantly fighting and mad for no apparent reason.  4. Really bad back pain. 5. Weight  gain. I can 't lose it. 6. And lost of headaches I don 't recommen it at all I waste so much money on pads and tampons  and it 's had a major affect on my marriage and it 's made me very unhappy and lost all of my self esteem.
This medication created a terrible fracture to my femur after 4 years of taking it.  I am a relatively healthy 75-year-old female.  I am now in a great deal of pain and in rehab after having a rod placed in my shattered femur.I am sorry I ever took this medication, and have stopped taking it.
This was the first BC I was put on. Bled continuously for 6 months. My OB/GYN prescribed it to take so my periods would stop, so 6 months of that was enough. I also have migraines, which I take Topamax to prevent, but with the Previfem they were coming nearly every other day. Extreme nausea and regular vomiting were also lovely side effects I experienced. I switched to Gildess or Junel, depending on which the pharmacy had in, and they were both a dream. None of these symptoms except for occasional nausea, so I took it at night to remedy that. Gildess and Junel are also used to regulate hormonal migraine headaches, and they both helped tremendously. I just got the Nexplanon, but will go back to Gildess/Junel if I don 't do well with it.
I went from talking 120mgs of Cymbalta to taking 150 mgs of Seroquel XR just over one year ago. I fortunately did not suffer from any if the initial side effects that I 've now researched &amp; have learned are really common when starting this medication. However, 1 month ago, I 'm not sure why but I ended up missing 2 nightly doses. What I experienced was nothing short of being in hell, literally. I physically was incapable of movement, getting up to simply get to the restroom was near impossible, every muscle in my body was weak &amp; near useless. I couldn 't do anything but remain in a fetal position curled up on my side for the duration of over 12 hours. My head was cloudy, confused &amp; unable to process any thought. After this experience, I want off
Day 7 no help!! I hurt alot still to bend, walk and sit. They want me to stick with this 1 more week and then they say I willNeed it Lanced!!! I am Scared
Had my Mirena removed after only 3 months.  Yes, it did significantly reduce monthly bleeding and cramping, but the negative side effects far outweighed the little positive effects.  I am fortunate to live a very good life and have never experienced depression; however during the 3 months I had Mirena I felt very sad and depressed for no reason.  I also had zero sex drive all the time - not just certain times of the month.  Gained 10 pounds in 3 months while exercising vigorously on a regular basis and eating very healthy foods 1500 calories a day.  I know my body very well and I know how to lose weight, but nothing worked this time.  Also experienced tingling in my hands and feet.  Looking forward to getting my life back after Mirena!
I have been on this birth control for years because of my migraines with aura. After two years, I had gained like thirty pounds (without ever changing my habits) and started experiencing constant spotting. Basically I 'm on my period like 70% of the month. The doctors highly suggested I switch to an IUD but I 'm just not down with it. So I stopped taking the birth control and everything went back to normal pretty quickly. I was also able to drop fifteen pounds. I began taking the pill again after a six-month break about two months ago. Sure enough, the weight AND the constant spotting has returned. I think I better stop with this pill altogether. Lame.
I actually felt these made me worse if anything, I had the shakes after I took them and felt as sick if not more.
I took 25mgs of Movantik at 11am and 7 hours later,still nothing, The pharmacists said it should work within an hour, then he said within a few days.(real bright isnt he?)  From what Ive read on here it starts working right away for most people. NOT ME!! This medicine is junk!!Good thing it was only samples my dr gave me,
Really nasty side effects - The injections are so painful that I had to find ways just to tolerate the pain.  I put a Lidaderm patch on as soon as I take the shot.  This helps with the pain, but then I get these large welts that last for days and are very itchy.  I found a Lidocane cream to help with the itching, but suffer from having under the skin turn into a leathery hard tissue.  These do heal, but the constant assault on my body has been a nightmare.  I went off the drug, three weeks later had a serious relapse.  I am back on the drug, I have tried everything, using the autoinjector, not using it - nothing really changes how the drug affects me. 
I was on the patch for a total of 24 hours.  By the end of this time I was at work trying my hardest not to pass out and get sick at the same time - took it off and felt completely fine within 20 minutes.  From the research I 've done, these types of symptoms usually last a few days after you apply a new one, and if I 'm applying a new one once a week, that 's living in agony 50% of the time!   I very rarely get side effects from medication/birth control so this surprised me.  You are also at a higher risk with this type of birth control as your body is absorbing a much higher dosage of estrogen compared to the pill.  Needless to say, I quickly made an appointment at my doctor to get back on the pill.
I was on pravastatin 40 mg 2 years ago (40 mg). I experienced extreme pain on the inward side of my right knee that kept getting worse. Within a month or two, my left knee began hurting in the same spot. Then I had similar severe pain in my left ankle. My right knee was so bad I could not walk on it. Doctor took x-rays. Diagnosis was tendinitis. By the end of summer I was a basket case and no amount of advil gave me any relief. It hurt so bad that when I moved my knees when I was sleeping it would wake me up. I got checking all my heart medications and suspected the pravastatin. I cut it out completely for 1 week. I have cut my dose now to 20 mg and still have occasional bouts of tendinitis.
OMG....this is the absolute worst experience i have ever had.  I get yeast infections about once or twice a year.  Diflucan oral usually does the trick.  This one was particularly stubborn.  I took the pill, then a one day miconazole.  That one was a little uncomfortable but not too bad.  Symptoms started subsiding but never went completely away.  Today, on the advice of my doctor, i went to purchase a 3 day.  Well, me and all my medical knowledge, decided to try tioconazole since the miconazole didnt cut it completely.  i got home and inserted the cream about 1030.  By 1045, as someone below stated so eloquently, Lucifer himself has set up camp in my vagina and has brought his team of fire ants just to make sure he gets his point across.
This medication made me break out in hives. Terrible. And then again when I stopped taking it. Will not take it again.
Made my hair fall out extremely bad. I think this drug made my anxiety worse.
I have been taking the medications 5mg with metformin  1000 mg and they not working for me I have to use other things and diet to lower my blood sugar .
It didn 't work, no effect whatsoever
Bottom line: Didn 't work for me. I had wanted to try this a few years back but it was too expensive even with insurance. I went to (yet another) derm to see if he had any new suggestions for my redness and he Rx 'd this. He gave me a sample and info for a company he uses, IRMAT, that will guarantee cost of $80 if your insurance will not cover. I used the sample, which only lasted 3 days, and thought perhaps it was working so I filled the Rx. After about 7 days, my redness was worse AND I broke out, which I don 't normally do. I had to stop using it and go back to my MetroGel but the redness will not subside and the breakouts won 't go away either. So back to the derm I go....
Does not work for me. Much worse after 3 shots. Extreme fatigue.
I had severe preeclampsia st the end of my pregnancy that did not go away after birth. My dr prescribed this birth control because it doesn 't raise your bp like combo pills do. So I waited 7 weeks postpartum to start the pills. As soon as I started them I started to bleed and I didn 't stop bleeding for 8 straight weeks. Apparently, this happens to many people and it 's the lack of estrogen in the pills that makes it happen.. I didn 't have too many other side effects from these however. Most bc pills make me crazy.. these didn 't so at least there is one good thing about them. But I did stop taking them. Now I 'm going to start tri linyah.. wish me luck.
Military doctors originally put me on Klonopin for my restless leg syndrome. The medication was a total God send! My only noticeable side effect was dizziness if I stood up too fast. Once we retired from the Army, however, new doctor, new medicines. I got stuck with a neurologist with a  'complex ', who told me I could take Mirapex and have nerve damage testing, or I could just have the nerve testing and go without. Great. So I took the Mirapex. Over about six weeks, I 've gained weight (not normal for me), forgotten LARGE amounts of things. I sleep LOUSY, and still have the  'twitches '. Doctor finally listened and put me back on Klonopin, but didn 't warn me about switching from one to the other. I 've now been awake for over 24 hours, only catnapping in 15 minute increments.
Prolia has the worst side effects of any medication on the market because it tampers with the immune system. I have had to call Amgen and the FDA numerous times for very serious side effects. This drug should be taken off of the market until Medical Doctors learn how to combat it. Once it 's in, there is nothing they can do. In all reality, it is a chemo drug as it 's twin Xgeva just has more of the active ingredient in it.
Terrible, have sciatica and severe leg in other leg
No effects, no side effects, no nothing  Pristiq was touted as a powerful anti-depressant with an anti-anxiety drug built in. Besides clinical depression, I struggle with PTSD, agoraphobia, and anxiety disorders. All the years on Pristiq, my mood ranged from nervous to suicidal. I had several anxiety attacks, always in public places, and certainly was not capable of a normal life. About two weeks ago, I decided to stop my 150mg @ day dose. I experienced no withdrawls. My head was clear. I began to set &amp; meet small goals. I cry a lot, for example, over music. But it 's good crying. My thoughts can sometimes be labeled &quot;irrational&quot;, e.g., I often believe my scripts are placebos. No more Pristiq.
I have been dealing with Fibromyalgia for many years and my doctor was so excited when Lyrica came out, like it was going to be the cure or something; but it did not help my FMS at all.  Not to mention, I had horrific fluid retention!  I couldn 't wear normal shoes, my hands so swollen I couldn 't get my wedding ring on.  The swelling lasted for a while even after I discontinued the medication.
Zoloft did NOTHING for me....would not recommend it.
Seratonin SYNDROME!!! I I take an antidepressant Cymbalta 60 mg, Trazodone 50 mg, gabapentin up to 900mg because I have CRPS and literally cannot walk due to a surfing accident that almost paralyzed me 10 years ago.DO NOT TAKE THIS MED IF YOU 'RE ON  any kind of antidepressant!!! It will cause  you to start shaking your heart pounds you 're dizzy sick and you could actually die from this! This med does nothing for my PAIN!  If you do take it with an antidepressant make sure you have a Narcan kit !!God bless us who depend on these doctors!!
This is the first time I 've ever used this product, I inserted and instantly after found myself jumping up and down inside my moms room crying and begging her for help. I rinsed with vagisil and it helped relieve the pain a bit after. Terrible experience left me shaking in tears with a red vagina.
Gave me cystic acne and it was so frustrating because it is suppose to help with acne. I usually get one or 2 regular white heads that go away in like 2 days but this one gave me horrible acne that wouldn 't completly heal in like 2 weeks. If you want something that help if you 're having this problem go on the patch (Xulane) it made my skin so nice and my boobs grew a full cup size lol! :) no lie
The first months I had a 2 week long heavy period the 2nd month I had a 3 week long also heavy period and the 3rd month it was extra heavy and lasted 1 month. I was so depressed I called my Dr office and told them if they didn 't take it out immediately I was going to take a knife and take it out by myself. Needless to say I had an appointment the very next day. This drug is not for everyone. Good luck trying to find out if it 's for you.
Gave me terrible urinary retention and the worse migraine ever
I 've been on Belviq for 6 weeks now. I wanted so much for this to work so I endured the dizziness , extreme fatigue, foggy brain, memory problems and even an increase in my irregular heart beat hoping they would decrease and the Belviq would work. They did not and I 've experienced no improvement in appetite control . The worst part is I 've been treated for clinical depression and had to go off the meds that had been helping me in order to take Belviq. The antidepressant effects of Belviq never kicked in for me and I 've been miserable. I 'm glad it helps some people but I wanted to write this review for people who are being treated for depression before trying the Belviq. Precede cautiously . It may not be for you .
Taking benzonatate 2x 100mg - 3x day on my second day of use and no effect at all, not even confusion or dizziness others have commented on. The doctor didn 't even think I was taking it when I went in for a follow up appointment. Also taking levofloxacin 500mg 1x day and magnesium oxide 2 hours after the levofloxacin.
The headaches alone made me quit taking this pill. I have been on it 5 months and never in my life have I suffered from such severe and frequent headaches as I have these past 5 months. I 've been unable to work 2-3 days out of the week because of this. Not to mention it took 3 months for my periods to become regular. I was starting a new cycle every 2 days. Gave it 2 stars because you have to atleast give one star and the other is because I 'm not pregnant.
I got the Mirena on April 23rd to help with my endo and heavy bleeding.  I got it removed yesterday, June 8th.  I had about 3 or 4 good days and the rest I was enduring the same kinds of cramps that I did with my periods each month.  It drained me.  I wanted it to work for me so badly and felt guilty when I asked to have it removed yesterday thinking I hadn 't given it long enough to settle.  An hour after it was gone, I no longer felt guilty.  The pain was gone.  The doctor told me it could take up to 6mths to settle but I just didn 't have it in me to wait it out that long.  I had a horrible experience with it.  Zero energy, terrible mood swings and many times I was doubled over in pain similar to labor pains which took my breath away.
This is the worst medication ever. The pain (intense burning and itching) started 5 minutes after i inserted the medication. That was almost 6 hours ago and I cannot sit down because the pain is so intense. Almost considered going to the hospital to make sure I wasn 't having an allergic reaction but as it turns out- MANY people have had this unfortunate experience with Monistat 1. Holy cow- no no no!
I am 25 weeks pregnant and was told by my midwife to start using this product for my yeast infection. As soon as I applied it, my vee-jay got on fire! The itching and burning is horrible!!! Hopefully this will go away soon! I am laying here and  my vee-jay  is itching like crazy! Awful product!!!
I 've had the nexplanon for a year and 2 months and I 'm 18 and I haven 't had a period since I been one it I 've gained about 50lbs since I 've been one it and I been doing everything I can to lose it and it won 't happen I 'm getting it removed next month but I really don 't recommend this. I 've had the depo and it messed up my back and still didn 't have a period on that but I thought about the implant and it does work not getting you pregnant.  But I 'm gaining so much weight and I do everything and still gain it. Please girls if you don 't want to be big and have no period, depression have bad anxiety, be tired 24/7 don 't get it or the depo. It sucks.  My boyfriend wants me to get it removed because I keep gaining weight before I was on it I was 145 now I 'm 195
Went nearly mad on this antidepressant, clenched my teeth, constant sweats. Terrible and always tired on it. Doctor just kept upping the dosage. Was on 120mg when I complained, changed doctor and am now coming off Cymbalta. Now have dreadful dizziness and brain zaps but anything is better than what I was going through. 
This pill has given me nothing but trouble. I am now double dosing until my D&amp;C to see if it will stop the bleeding that it caused me for over a month. I should have just lived with the irregular cycles instead of this constant bleeding!
Awful. I had such high hopes for it. I expected to bleed for a bit before it tapered off and regulated. I was willing to wait it out until the hormones were in my system. I bled for 5 months. Not heavy, but enough that I 'd need a light tampon. I also started shedding hair at an alarming rate. Pro: Not pregnant (it 's easy to not get pregnant when you aren 't having sex though, due to constant bleeding)Pro: Not ultra tampon heavy like I was on paragardCon: Nonstop bleeding, bad clotting, all the damn time.Con: Hair loss
Switched from Paxil 20mg to Effexor 75mg. On Paxil I just couldn 't lose weight and my insurance wanted me to try an SRNI before they would pay for the newer meds like Brintellix. At first I noticed a decrease in anxiety THEN I went to work!! My job is very stressful and I have to be SPOT on!! First I noticed anxiety returning then that I was clumsy..dropping things! I then started noticing numbness and tingling in my fingers and then waking up with numb arms which would not wake up for up to 7hrs!!! I did some research and noticed that numbness/tingling of the extremities is a side effect for 20% of people taking Effexor. The numbness scared me to death! I immediately went to my Shrink and got off this damn drug! I 'm going to Lexapro! Ugh!
I had flu symptoms so my doctor prescribed me Tamiflu. Everytime I took it I felt like I was going to vomit. I haven 't felt like eating, so luckily I couldn 't vomit. It sort of made me dizzy and it gave me a headache. I wouldn 't recommend the medicine to anybody.
I was prescribed Differin 3 weeks ago. Two days after getting the prescription I finally purchased the item and started treatment that night. Worst mistake ever. My skin is not sensitive at all, and I mean at all. I have literally put bleach on it and nothing has happened. Not only has using this item every other day (at bedtime) made my skin breakout, it has also:- made it extremely sensitive - caused chemical-like burns - blistered - made my oily/combo skin dry in some patches - caused my eyes (while I didn 't even apply it here) get wrinkles and burn 24/7. I can 't even apply creams/face masks that usually soothed my skin when it was irritated. Horrible product, should be made illegal.
Didn 't work at all. Don 't use, especially if you have issues with constipation. Tastes good, but what a waste. The other stuff, the REAL stuff tastes awful but works.
I have been off skyla for almost 6 months, and my periods are just starting to regulate again so I know this is a sign of my body starting to regulate again also from not being on this birth control anymore. I am also losing weight since gaining almost 15 lbs in the 3 months I was on skyla, and my acne is under control again and I am no longer depressed. I am birth control free and feeling 100%. This birth control did not work for me but it doesn 't mean it can 't work for you. Everyone is different!
Soon after beginning Contrave I began to feel really wonky, couldn 't sleep no matter how I tried. As much as I wanted to quit, I gave it 6 weeks anyway. Like many medications, thought the side effects would pass. They didn 't. I titrated off as my doctor recommended. A month and a half later, I no longer feel wonky, but still only getting 2-3 hours of sleep a night. My son in law has been on it a year, working hard to change his life. But even as active as he is, surfer, runner, skateboarding, he 's lost a whole 12 pounds. Just not worth it.
Made cough way worse. Thank god I took my first ones in the daytime so the effect will hopefully be gone by bedtime.
I 've been on Xiidra for 3 months on the recommendation of my ophthalmologist.  I am using it along with Restasis as it is supposed to boost the effectiveness of the Restasis.I can 't wait to stop taking it in a few weeks (time recommended by my doctor) because of the side effects.  There is burning and a bad taste that can occur all day long.  For me the bad taste doesn 't go away.  The viles are easy to use just that you can 't make the product last beyond a day.  These drops are not for everyone.
Be very Careful moms or dads with teenage boys this medication almost killed my son.research before trying but my advice DO NOT TRY IT. Reactions do not coming till weeks later.He only took 12 pills.
I have been taking this med for 2 months and I feel horrible. I have every side effect listed besides impotence. I am going to stop taking this med with or without the doctor 's blessing. I am tired of having shortness of breath and being extremely tired ALL THE TIME. I have a small child and I can 't not keep up. I cannot walk to my car from my office about 200 yards away. I am not doing this to myself anymore.
After 2 weeks, this crap called medication made my OCD WORSE, Then a few weeks later i was so depressed that i couldn 't even get out of bed. I went from being a healthy lady with moderate ocd, to a majorly depressed obese pig in 2 months.Thanks prozac. Dont put this depression (causing) pill down your throat. Talk to your doctor about other options.Also, i just want to let you all know something, 50% of psychiatrists will do anything to make their appointment with you quicker, even if that includes just opening their book of medications and picking a random one in your category (in my case, ocd). Always try medication free solutions BEFORE popping a pill. eg, ocd training, therapy, natural treatments, etc
I developed Tardive Dyskinesia and Dystonia after having taken Abilify (for too long apparently). It has made my life far more difficult.  I am posting this because I just want to make people more aware that this happens so it doesn 't happen to them if they can avoid it.
Got this June 2014 got it out march 2015. Within 3 months of having it, I developed horrible acne around the jaw line and forehead with cysts on my lower jaw. Previous to implanon, I was on zovia for 2 years. With zovia I had weight gain, breast tenderness, but very clear skin. With Implanon, I lost 40 pounds, which I attribute more to diet and exercise, developed acne, but had no breast tenderness, periods or mood swings. To me the terrible acne isn 't worth it so I got back on Zovia. Also, my friend got implanon about a month ago and already had horrible cysts on her chin.
I am 54 years old and have not had acne since I was a teenager.After only 2 days of taking 5000mg, my nose broke out in large red rosacea type pimples.  I stopped the vitamin and did not get any more pimples.
My 11 year old son got put on this drug for ear infection. He is allergic to Amoxicillin, so they prescribed Cefdinir. He took it one time before and had no issues. This time however on day 8 of 10, he broke out in severe hives all over his body. Had to counteract with Benadryl. Took him to urgent care and they prescribed prednisalone for 5 days. On day 3 now and still have not seen any improvement. I am trying to be hopeful that by day 4 I will see some. Has anyone had a similar experience?
I was recently diagnosed with SLE and started Plaquenil 200mg once a day been over a month now and feel absolutely no difference in joint or muscle pain but do have terrible nausea 24/7 from it with or without food and take Nexium as I&rsquo;ve had GERD for years but take it 4 hours apart from the Plaquenil as directed. My hair is falling out like crazy. I go to new Rheumatologist next week as the 1st one was horrible and I can&rsquo;t ask her a question without getting a response of ask your PCP what do I need her for then she&rsquo;s the specialist not my PCP. I take Percocet for the pain which is the only thing helping me right now.  Want off this Malaria Drug.
I had the Implanon for six months and had it removed today. Wasn 't for me. I had no sex drive whatsoever. I lost a lot of hair, constantly bleeding mood swings and I gained a few pounds.
I have been on this pill since March, and though it 's decreased my appetite, I 've gotten severe acne, very bad headaches and constant bleeding to the point of becoming anemic . I 'm definitely thinking of stopping it because the side effects are horrible.
This is by far the WORST pill ever. I was on zovia and I absolutely loved it, and they stopped making it so I switched and they put me on this and when I started taking it I was bleeding for two weeks straight, and I figured it was just an adjustment period, also I would cry all the time, I wasn 't sad or upset, nothing happened, I just couldn 't help it I always was holding back the urge to cry. So after that lovely two week blood bath I had like five days without bleeding and then it started all over, so I 've been bleeding for a month straight, and I want to cry all the time.
Clonazepam works well for anxiety, but the side effects are unbearable. I can no longer breathe through my nose at night because of sinus inflammation. It also causes cognitive dysfunction and when I 'm not on it I have withdrawal symptoms.
Started taking Abilify in August of 2016. The day after I wanted to drink. I 'm a recovering alcoholic, called my physciatrist and she switched seroquel to Thorazine. And I got over the next couple of days. I just received an inheritance somehow I ended up with 191 Groupons, online shopping I couldn 't have controlled so much in an amnesia state. Wouldn 't have known this was happening. Went to Dr and hospitals 8 or 9 times with different things of Abilify! I had an suicide attempt in March. I stayed awake for 4 days afterwards. I 've wrecked my car 4 times. I have TD and Akatasia now. I 've never had a drug complicate me as much!   I was also severely anorexic.
It didn 't help the back pain I have but it sure does keep you awake. I thought it would make me drowsy but it gave me insomnia. Tossed and turned all night.
Went to the ER because of sciatic nerve pressure for severe pain and multiple muscles spasms that would not stop. 2 injections of dilaudid had no effect at all. Tried some 4mg oral dilaudid tablets and no effect at all. This is most likely a very effective pain reliever but this indicates that not all pain relievers work on me. Doctors don 't believe me so I almost always refuse to take any pain medication. I think I need to be studied.
The side effects were too hard to tolerate, for me to continue to take it for more than a couple of months.   Nausea, dizziness, headache, upset stomach, and a terrible skin reaction that left many scars on my entire body are in addition to the mental slowness, confusion and increased depression suffered while taking Lyrica.  
At one point during the 5 months that I was taking these pills, I came across tightness of my chest which gave me difficulty breathing and I felt as though I was suffocating. I never had acne, once I quit the pills, I suffered, and am still suffering, from severe acne. I refuse to go back on the pill, but I also don 't know what to do about this acne problem now. I stopped taking the pills in January and have had bad acne since. No problems breathing, though.
I was diagnosed with osteopenia in 2000 and took Fosamax for 9 years. My bone density showed slight improvement after 3 years, but still in the osteopenia range. One year later, no improvement. I am grateful to have my bone density fairly stable, but am disappointed to not have had improvement after 9 years. 
I only used this one time, it did not work for me and made me feel worse. I hate that I have 4 unused ones that are going to go to waste.
Really not sure why my urologist gave me samples of this drug since my prostate was normal for my age and my PSA was normal. I was not having issues peeing just some discomfort. Anyway, I tried the pills for four days. Nothing changed because I was still up 2-3 times per night like I have for years. But.....the side effects were immediate. Stuffy head, headaches and no ejaculate. Not a drop. Freaked me out. Erection was not as strong and the &quot;climax&quot; took longer to reach and was literally a split second. If you still enjoy sex steer clear of this drug. I 'm am stopping immediately and will not return to that doctor. As far as I 'm concerned I paid $200 for nothing .
DO NOT GET THIS! UNLESS-you 're crazy. Has caused-painful breast lumps (still awaiting my ultrasound results from my breast doc), thyroiditis (an inflammed thyroid), thyroid nodules, severe migraines, AWFUL periods (almost all the time, heavy, far more uncomfortable than usual), terrible back pain, fatigue, weight gain, acne. Not to mention the person who inserted it put it too deep, so the first removal attempt was unsuccessful, I have to go back and get it removed with use of Xray/Ultrasound. Huge regret. Not worth the detrimental blow to my health. Prior to getting this-I was HEALTHY. No health problems (aside from the occasional seasonal allergies.) 3 months after insertion-everything went to hell. Coincidence. I (&amp; my doc) think not.
I have had heavy periods for the last few years, and it has affected my quality of life. I talked to my doctor and at his suggestion, even though I had previously had an IUD (which caused 3 months non stop bleeding before falling out) and pills (which caused severe stomach upset and in one case an allergic reaction) at his recommendation I got the depo shot.  For the first 2 weeks everything seemed great.  Then it started.. non stop bleeding.  Again.  I am 9 weeks in and I 've been bleeding 7 weeks straight.  I am SO sick of it.  Been trying ibuprofine to slow it down.  I had to quit my job and go back to my old career.  The doc wants to put me on a 2nd form of bc to stop it.  I won 't let him.  I pray it wears off here in about 3 weeks.
Had Grade A Breast Cancer that was caught early.  Had a mass and one lymph node removed.  Went on Femara on Nov. 8, 2014, the day after I finished radiation.  At first, I didn 't notice anything.  Slowly the pain in my feet started, then other joints in my body.  I felt like I was having trouble getting air into my lungs.  I started feeling like I was in a fog.  I already had been diagnosed with depression years ago which was under control with medication.  I started experiencing depression a couple of weeks ago which included waking up and crying.  That turned into suicidal depression.  Without pain medication, I couldn 't move around well.  The bottom of my feet were killing me. I work full time. I quit the Femara 2 days ago.
I am 18 years old. I 've been taking abilify for almost two months and it has seriously messed me up. I have anxiety and depression. The only slight improvement I 've seen is in my ability to interact socially. Otherwise, I feel awful. I either feel like a complete zombie, or I feel crazy and obsessive. My boyfriend is scared of me because I 've become so out of character, and a jealous monster. I quit cold turkey and feel better than I have since I started taking it. Would not recommend.
Horrible drug. Avoid it
I blindly accepted this poison for my first cardiac catheterization and first colonoscopy. It did NOTHING during the procedures. I remember everything and felt everything. What it did do was make permanent changes in my ability to remember things - especially names. Since then, I 'm also frequently searching for common words. I list Versed as an allergy now so it 'll never be used on me again.
My cvs decided to switch my normal brand tri-sprintec to tri-estraylla. I had been on tri-sprintec for years with no issues whatsoever. At first i thought everything was going fine but by month 3 it got horrible. my period was heavy and horrible. i was in severe pain and i had so many heavy clots i thought i had a miscarriage. after this eventually subsided i had breakthrough bleeding, heavy and light, which has continued and is still going on even now. this has been 3 full weeks or more. its insane. it has ruined a lot of really good clothes because you wouldn 't know when it was going to come and bam there it is. it has really put a damper on my sex life! totally disgusted. so i 'm forcing CVS to order my original pills because i am done!
I have been suffering acute pain (on scale 1-10 stays between 7-10)  due to a fibrolipoma in my lower lumbar. Seems likely I have something called Tethered Cord Syndrome. Was put on naproxen by one doctor and after taking it for a few years was sick of the way it made me feel so I stopped taking it. Noticed that when not taking it I felt just as much pain as when I was taking it, so it was not helping AT ALL. Everyone needs to know that naproxen only works for pain caused by inflammation, it will do nothing for nerve damage, in my experience.
Doesn 't work went from 15 - 30mg been on them a month, not sleeping at night still have low mood!
I started taking Yasmin to clear my skin. I had history of migraine with aura but haven 't had it for the last 6 months. Second month taking Yasmin I had 3 migraine attacks in one week and ended up in ER. I stop taking the pills immediately
I got extremely nauseous and that never happens to me , I can 't make it stop . I stopped taking it a week ago and I still experience the pain. It makes me cry how sick I get sometimes . If you know anything to help please let me know . Overall I don 't recommend this drug AT ALL !
It 's 1:23 am here.  I thought I would die!!!!!!!  Day three of Monistat 3.  I thought the last two nights were a nightmare, boy was I wrong.  I have never felt such intense burning and itching in my life.  I took a very hot (as in hotter than hell) bath and I feel so much better.  I don 't know what 's going on with this stuff but it 's badddd.  I guess it 's going to take a female attorney to try this stuff out and file a class action lawsuit.  Maybe we 'll see the commercial &quot;IF YOU USED MONISTAT AND THOUGHT YOU WOULD DIE CALL THE FOLLOWING NUMBER&quot;.  Please do not use this product.
I had a horrible time with this birth control. Originally went on it to get rid of my periods, which it did but also managed to screw me over. I quickly noticed my hair was thinner, and it continued to fall out in huge clumps. My doctors told me it had to be my diet and there was no way it was caused by my pill, which I had coincidentally started right before. I became very depressed, to where I would not get out of bed. I remember watching buses on the street and wishing one would hit me and kill me. My labia became dry and flat and it hurt to touch it. I gained weight in weird places and felt horrible about myself. As soon as I went off this pill, it all went away. So trust yourself and get off this pill if you have weird side effects.
What a nightmare. I got melasma with my 3rd pregnancy and tried everything home remedy with no results. I go see a Dr and he recommends TriLuma at $140 a small tube I thought this better work. Within a week I was seen results I was so excited. Continued use for a month and about 80% was gone I was happy. Once I felt it was all gone I stopped using it. Within 2 weeks it came back and with a vengeance! Now I have it in spots I didn 't have before and darker. So of course I started back up using it and again it worked. Got off and again it came back. I use a sunscreen that is 80SPF and never do outdoor activities so I know its not me. My Dr told me this cannot be used longterm cause it thins out the skin. Soooo not only a waste of money. I ended up worse save ur money
My shot ended in August and since then I have been constantly bleeding. I went in and saw a doctor about this issue and they told me to take 3 pain relievers 4 times a day to stop the bleeding. I have tried that and I am still bleeding. I will never get on this shot again. I have been on this shot before and never had issues like this.
Orthotricyclen is pretty bad, but this is the worst generic of it. As soon as my pharmacy switched to giving me this instead of Trisprintec, My side effects dramatically increased. I gained weight, had horrible mood swing and even had a blood clot in my leg from this pill! It nearly killed me!! It 's claimed that generics are all the same, but that can 't be true for birth control pills. Tripreventfem is the worst!! Do not take it if your pharmacy forces you to switch!
Took my first dose of 25mg on a Wednesday evening, that Thursday morning I woke up with nausea and diarrhea that only became more severe as the day went on. Had to leave work due to the severe nausea. Went to sleep around 2 p.m. and didn 't wake up until 1 p.m. Friday. The only benefits I can say I had were the loss of weight (159lbs at appointment on Thursday/ 155.5lbs on Sunday) and I was able to quit smoking as I didn 't have the urge to.
Was given this after going to dr. 1st dose felt nauseous, chills, hot flashes, stomach pain, migraine in center of head that wont go away. Was able to nap a few hrs. 2nd does same symptoms plus no longer able to sleep aniexty, can 't focus, sweats, buzzing in my head, no appetite, funny taste in my mouth, muscles hurt, feel sick, thirsty. 3rd thru 6th doses no changes in side effects but these also occured tongue swollen, don 't feel like myself, seeing flashing lights when I close my eyes, fever, runny nose, stiff neck, confusion, vertigo. The original problem went away but come back around the time for each dose. Masks the initial problem. Don 't know if it 's working. Feel like I 'm dying.
I was put on the Nuvaring for a dual purpose; birth control &amp; ensuring I have a cycle since I normally don 't (PCOS). The first few months were ok. I noticed a little lethargy and some mood swings, but not bad. However, by about month 6, I had two yeast infections that I couldn 't cure. I also noticed that I was quicker to anger &amp; mildly depressed. Started having Migraines and sharp pains in my abdomen. Complete loss of libido hit me about month 7, and that 's when I decided to quit. Left it out for 2 months, decided to give it another try. Went into the deepest, darkest depression of my life. Went to see my therapist, upon finding out I was on the ring she said it 's known to cause it. Took it out, in one day felt tons better. Never again!!
The only thing the TEVA 200 mg brand of celecoxib did was make me sick. The medicine gave me diarrhea, heartburn to the point of reflux after 3 months of taking it &amp; increased swelling &amp; joint pain. I was relieved to be put on a different generic celecoxib, my joints improved &amp; so did my stomach.
i got the depo shot a month ago and its been the worst experience of my life! i havent stopped bleeding, i have horrible mood swings, im always depressed, im losing weight and its basically ruining my life. i hate this shot, its side effect are horrible. i do not recomment it all!
I went on Aviane to make my periods lighter. It definitely helped in that way, but I 've now been on it for 5 months and I am constantly hungry. I gained 15 pounds (120lbs to 135). Although that is the only side effect, the weight will not come off! I 've been increasing my amount of exercise and it 's only making me gain more. I weighed myself yesterday and I went up to 140lbs. 
I am currently on this pill and have been for the past 8 months. I 'm not a huge fan, but its done its job thus far so I can 't complain too much. If you get migraine headaches w/ aura, I wouldn 't recommend this pill. I usually get 2 headaches a month now when before starting birth control, I could go just about 3-4 months without a migraine. I also have some slight nausea, dizziness, breast tenderness and swelling, and some fatigue (usually within the first week of starting back up on the pill). These symptoms have happened continuously throughout the 8 months on this pill and have not gotten any better (although doctors suggest your body will get used to the hormones within 3 months). These symptoms are not usually severe though.
When I first had the implanon inserted it was not painful at all and very quick. The months following insertion, I received my period for about 6 months straight! It was horrible and had an effect on my relationship at the time. Finally, my period subsided and I didn 't have any bleeding or signs of a period for about 6 months. During this time it was amazing! Then, my period started again... It started in December and it is now April. It wasn 't a light period either. It was extreme to where I couldn 't go an hour without changing a tampon and I couldn 't sleep an entire night without having problems. Tomorrow I am having it removed and having the mirena iud inserted. I am hoping for a better experience!
I started out on 50 mg x2 a day, after a few hours burning in between fingers, pins and needles in hands, double vision, vertigo, memory fog...suddenly realized I was home with my kids, but how did we get here? Oh, I drove? Wow. I don 't remember. Ever rode on the gravitron? That 's how bad my vertigo was, I could not lift my head up off my pillow. I actually ate more on this medicine because I felt shaky, like you would get if you hadn 't eaten all day, for me the only thing that kinda tastes close to normal was sugary foods. Heartburn. Nausea. Dry heaving. Motion sickness from waking, standing, sitting, and existing. Light sensitivity. Tremors. I 'm sure I 'm forgetting things but the memory fog is too real. I felt drunk over all.
Don 't ever try this pill.  This pills has given me the most horrible experience in my life.   There are only negative side effects,  I have only taken three months and my face is full of Whitehead 's,  red lumps and pimples all over my chin and cheek area.  There are still red scars on my face . Horrible,  I don 't understand why this pill works for others and to the extreme not on others...  Is it because the younger you are,  yasmin is better for you?  If you are over 35 then it 's so bad for your face?
I just had my first shot 2 months ago. I have not been my self, constant headaches, serious contraction pains, loss in Sex drive. I have been bleeding for almost a month. I feel sick all the time, no energy and I am experiencing hyper pigmentation on my face. I have become so dark, also I can 't sleep well and loss of appetite. I can 't wait for it to wear off. I am not getting it again. I hope I return to my normal self after it wears off
I purchased the zzzquil and it did not work not 1 bit , I would not recommended medication to anyone...
I 've been taking Lo Loestrin for 6 months and I love it. I ran out &amp; had a sample pack of Minastrin and thought,&quot;what could one month hurt? I 'll save $25!&quot; Stupid. Never again. I 've been nauseous since the first pill, with daily stomach troubles. My breasts are so sore. But the worst is the anxiety/depression. I 've started waking in the middle of the night with panic attacks and feel anxious pretty much 24/7. I 'm going back on Lo Loestrin tomorrow. Minastrin &amp; I are breaking up for good. We are no longer friends
I started taking trazadone 9 year ago. It really worked when I first started using it. I started off with 50 mg. Over the years my tolerance increased. Now my dr has me on 500mg. It no longer helps me sleep through the night. On a good night I&rsquo;m up every two hours, and on a bad night I just don&rsquo;t sleep. I never wake up feeling rested. Just hung over and nauseous. I feel like I have a bad hangover. I used to be a dedicated athlete, now I&rsquo;m sick when I get out of bed in the morning. Most days I can&rsquo;t train because I haven&rsquo;t had proper sleep. I&rsquo;m done with trazadone.
I hate all birth control. I already have anxiety, and the Nexplanon Implant has only increased this in me. I have also developed depression that my husband and I both cant take anymore. I have gained over 20 pounds in a year and am beyond moody. I called my doctor on Tuesday and will be having it taken out on Friday. I 'm over this.
After taking this medicine for 2 months for mild asthma. I noticed a change in my mental health. I have stopped this medicine after linking my side affects to this med. I noticed anxiety , depression, thoughts of hurting myself, dizziness, nausea became oh so real. I have never suffered from these before in my life until this med. I have been off of it for almost 2 weeks and not looking back. Gonna go forward and hope I recover from these side affects. Im sure its great for someone who doesn 't get side affects. but its not for me.
I am a 27 year old woman and was prescribed Levaquin 500mg for 7 days (by my obgyn for a suspected UTI post surgery-I had a D and C). I hardly ever have UTIs. My Levaquin, with insurance, was $55. I do not take pharmaceutical drugs regularly, but I figured since this was post surgery I should do as the doctor says. I read the drug pamphlet before taking the pill. On day 3 of taking Levaquin, I started a muscle twitching in my right middle toe. I researched reviews of this drug on the internet and stopped immediately.
This RX did not work for me.  My migraine went from a 10 pain level to a 9 after I took it.
A year ago my Dr. switched me from ortho tri cyclene (10 years no pregnancy, clear skin, no problems) to micronor because my blood pressure was a high at my yearly exam (my home had just been destroyed by a 5 foot across oak tree and I had been recently assaulted / left with 8 concussions and a mind full negativity; my doctor didn 't think that had anything to do with my blood pressure) a year later here is my summary of this medicationfirst 4 months- heavy bleeding and cramps, mild acne,( didn 't think to attribute to the pill) months 5 through 11-  weight gain, LOADS of stubborn painful acne, emotional angst, insomnia, hot flashesmonth 12- !!---PREGNANCY---!! Much worse attitude and acne. This pill sucks for me!!!!
I took this drug for a couple of days but had to stop because it gave me a bad case of nausea. You could set your watch by it. Ninety minutes after taking the drug I felt so sick I had to lie down.
I would not recommend this birth control to my worse enemy.  I have had terrible headaches, arm and stomach pain, and nausea. I stopped the patch as soon as I started throwing up while driving in my car.  I am thinking about going to the ER, it has been almost 2 hours and I still can not stop vomiting.  This is the worse pain ever. I regret ever using this patch. It is worse than the pills.
I took it for 12 weeks, when I did the blood work it came back neg..no virus.Boy I was the happiest man on earth, now I have a chance to see my grand babies grow.  Went back for my 3 month check up and found out it came back!What a hart breaker. Not sure what to do next..was told another drug would be available this summer 
It 's known within the pharmaceutical industry that 5% of patients will suffer 90% of side effects from any given drug.  That 's me, and an MTBI bumped me up to the elite 2.5% who get side effects never heard of.  But Trintellix was supposed to be good for depression from brain injury, so I gave it a try.No gastric symptoms, but on day 2, I woke up not knowing what day it was.  7 hours after second dose, heightened anxiety and a sense of &quot;speeding&quot;, without the edge, took hold.  Then, I found myself annoyed that Shaw 's was out of everything I usually bought there - until the egg case in the wrong place alerted me I was in Stop &amp; Shop.  No memory of deciding to go there.  Bu-bye Trintellix.  Just glad I only paid $3.10 for it.
This medicine caused very severe heartburn.  Also very sick to the stomach.  
I have been taking this medication for about 3 months now, hoping something will change and it will start to help me, but it 's not. I 've also been taking ibuprofen along with it. But I still have a lot of pain. My right hip is so much worse then the left. All I want is relief. Even a little bit, I would rejoice.
I 've been on Aviane for almost 5 months now. I have experienced weight gain, increased anxiety and have had moderate depression. I have also had difficulty breathing when working out and have recently developed vision problems (a floater). I am not 100% sure that is is derived strictly from Aviane, but I have never had these issued before. I am going to discontinue use.
I have Mirena put in twice....I can 't say I didn 't notice things the first time around but on this 2nd time around I have and can 't explain it off anymore  extreme hair loss, NO and I mean NO Libido, Lower back pain, No energy...Always tired, breast soreness to the point I want them in a cast so they don 't move. weight gain only in my stomach...  I would not recommend this product. I will get this taken out in the next week. I 'm so ready for this to be out I wish I could take it out myself! If I could rate this product a 0 I would!!!!!!
I was getting 10-12 migraines a month when I was prescribed Topamax.  I took it for a little over a month but had to quit because it made me extremely depressed and suicidal.  After I stopped taking it, I felt fine again.
50 mg twice a day was tolerable but didn 't do much for central cord syndrome pain.  75 mg three times a day isn 't helping with pain so far, makes me dizzy and puts me to sleep most of the day. I got leg spasms at night after not taking it. Walking around a little stopped the spasms. I 'd like to give it a better try, but the side effects prevent me from functioning.
So I had gotten the implant in my arm because I had read that this birth control could stop you from having a period yay right!  And the first nine days were fine and then after that I was constantly bleeding. I had the implant in my arm for a year and five months. I BLED THE WHOLE TIME! I also had some side effects. Migraines, nausea, gained 20 lbs, even had hot flashes. I finally could not stand it anymore and had it removed. It took me three months to start my period. Before I got the implant my periods were heavy so I wanted the implant to make it stop  and after the removal my period is light now.
I was a Zombie and gained so much weight. Now I take Lamictal and so much better.  
Been using Rogaine for about 4 months, experiencing scalp itch on the spot and behind my ears. Hope it goes away.
Doc prescribed Taytulla to help regulate my premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). After being on medicine for 11 days, after having very regular periods for years and only spotting 2-3x in my entire life. I had breakthrough bleeding after having my period a week and a half before. I had PMS food cravings, headache, cramps, and mood swings with uncontrollable crying that were off the charts and worse than my &quot;normal PMS&quot; symptoms. In addition to the very depressing erratic mood swings, it exacerbated nerve issues in my spine, created burning down my legs, extreme back pain, which had been under control and feeling GREAT for months, until I began taking medicine. This medicine is AWFUL. Do NOT take if you have any form of mild depression. It also turned my urine brown. Lovely.
I got one impacted wisdom tooth out and another regular tooth out and I must say it doesn 't help at all. Regular Tylenol usually doesn 't help at all either. This stuff is useless, I 'm still in agonizing pain
I 've been on Ambien for 10 years.. Although my tolerance has gone up it still does the job....I was looking fwd to Belsomra, I took 15 mg at 1025pm and felt nothing,,I took additional 5 mg and it made me sleep for two hours I woke up at 12:30 aM with a headache and a hangover.  The rest of the night was uncomfortable torture.. I felt  really tired but could not fall asleep.. Is this talk about Belsomr needing one or two weeks to be affected valid?  Pretty disappointing fancy package with a fancy price and a miserable me sleep . Have others experience complete misery on the first night?
The reviews online are correct. I got this form of birth control after explicitly telling my doctor I wanted to reduce breakouts, and she said this would help. I was excited. Went home and decided to read some reviews online. All horrible, especially regarding acne. I decided to give it a go anyway, hoping that only those with negative experiences reviewed the medication. After giving it my best shot I have given up. Nausea, headaches, and ACNE. The explicit thing the doctor said would improve (I actually have nice skin off birth control, except around that time of the month). Not only do the personal reviews often say this causes breakouts, the side effects of the medication literally says acne vulgaris is a possible side effect.HORRIBLE
I 've been taking birth control pills for 15 years and SPRINTEC is the worst thing that has ever happened to me. I 'm from Latin America and I used to take DIANE-35, that has very low hormone component, controls acne, reduce PMS symptoms and causes shorter periods, but is not available in the US. I started taking SPRINTEC 5 months ago because a have no insurance here and I feel so terrible now, dizzy, no energy, headaches. Please don 't take this pill if you have insurance or a better option!
Like everyone else is saying it was the worst experience of my life taking this over the counter drug. I tend to have a medicine senestivity so I took one instead of suggested adult dose three tablets. Like everyone else here I started getting horrible cramps within an hour, which was odd because knowing I was going to take this at 9 pm I 'd been drinking about 8 oz of water since 7 pm on the hour. Within an hour of this drug in my system I began vomiting . And I was thankful for that because at least I was getting it out of my body. I vomited three times before midnight and went to bed queasy and sweaty. The next morning I did have a normal bowel movement but it was not worth the added vomiting. Where was this on the side effects!
I took a dose, felt weird and went to sleep. Took my second dose twelve hrs later and feel so weird. My left eye hurts, my neck hurts. I will not take another dose of this. I am terrified of the side effects  I am having from this. Anyone who is considering should think again. Although some people may have a good experience, you never know.
The doctor gave me this for an abscess. Around the third day I had bad diarrhea and horrible cramping.  After a day of that I was sent to the emergency room and was diagnosed with a c. diff infection. Its been 6 months now and I still have side effects. I have to watch what I eat and I still get cramps and constantly running to the bathroom frequently.  Now if I need to take an antibiotic I have to go to the gastroenterologist to make sure it is safe. 
Absolutely horrible. My hair is falling out, bloated all of the time, I had to start a pill to stop the constant bleeding, SHORT temper,major depression, I have little control over my emotions now, cramping, acne, Ive been losing bits of bloody skin, weight gain and my anxiety has gotten 10x worse. Id never recommend this to anyone. I almost cried when the nurse told me that she couldn 't get me in until next week. I don 't know if I can handle this any longer and I 've only had it in for two months.
I was switched to this birth control and it was the absolute worst experience of my life. This pill had me in and out the hospital for 2 weeks. It started with headaches, depression then I started having numbness and tingling on my left side. I thought I was having a stroke. Felt as if a balloon was in my head. Dr 's swore that I was on some type of street drug. I went from hospital to hospital for any one that could help me. I was at the point where I tried to commit suicide. Even now I still have side effects two yrs later. I 've been on other pills before with no experience like this. The admitting hospital said it was absence seizures. But my OB believed me and knew what it was.
I had the Mirena placed on a Tuesday. I am 34 no health issues at all, fit, athletic etc.  No anaesthetic, was fine being inserted (uncomfortable).  It was advised by my gyne for heavy periods etc.  After 6 hours severe back pain (diclofenac taken) some sleep had, by morning pain all down right leg and pelvic pain. I called my  said doctor who advised to take Tramadol to easy pain only took it away for 2/3 hours.  I could barely get out of bed and move or when I did needed to constantly move to easy pain. On Thursday afternoon and many painkiller had it removed pain in back went in 15 minutes.  They felt it was aggravating my sciatic nerve hence leg pain.  Horrific experience it wasn 't till I done research off all the side effects it has. shocked
I had 3 surgeries within 3 months as a teen. This drug is what the pre-op physician gave me 1-2 minutes prior to wheeling me back into surgery.  It is supposed to calm nerves but it had the opposite effect for me.  I was very nervous about the surgery so I was given syringe of it in my hand 1-2 minutes prior to them wheeling me back.  It caused instant anxiety and impending feelings of doom. I was hyperventilating/blubbering/crying/freaking out as they put me to sleep. My surgeon was in tears and was petting my head to calm me. I ask for no IV pre-sedatives now.
This basically affected me the same as latuda, did nothing to help my depression, and made my anxiety worse, also made me feel restless and kinda agitated, plus I was clenching my Jaws, and had jaw tightness and pain, something I normally do not have, stopped taking this.
This was the generic brand my original bc was changed to. The 1st month or so I didn 't notice any changes but recently, about 3 months in I 've been getting headaches, horrible nausea and stomach cramps &amp; my period has gone back to being longer than shorter like it was on the first pill. I 've never been one to feel unmotivated, lethargic, depressed, or anxious, but as of recently I 've been experiencing all those things which is no doubt making stress induced nausea worse and have just generally felt bad. I went to my doctor and had multiple blood tests taken and some other tests but all came back with no abnormalities, leading me to realize it was change in birth control. Ups? Worked and no breast tenderness. But thats it.
I am writing this review to bring to attention to the health community at large that the length of prescription of Azithromycin needs to be re-investigated by proper medical research.  The 5 day protocol has been effective only while I 've been on the antibiotics for 2 cases of broncitis and 1 of lobar pneumonia that I have had, but shortly after the protocol has ended, on 3 occasions now I have experienced a relapse of symptoms, and a need to go onto another antibiotic.During my present bronchitis episode, yesterday I finallyconvinced a doctor to agree to put me on a 10 day regimen, and I am hoping this will be effective in eliminating my current bronchitis with out recurrence.Most other antibiotics suggest 7-10 day protocols.
The first time I took this it worked in less than a half hour.  The second and third day, a little over an hour.  The fourth day, nothing happened.  So I took a second pill at bedtime, but nothing happened.  I 'm so disappointed.  I really needed this to work.
I 've been on Yaz for about 3 weeks now and I am an emotional wreck, but all birth controls that I have been on have had me like this. My face is clearing up I think and my hair is growing, but my emotions get the best of me. I feel like a crazy person crying one minute and fine the next. I get upset over the smallest things and I hate it. Also, My sex drive is super low. This sucks honestly
This was my 4th colonoscopy. For the first three I used Suprep. Not the most pleasant thing I have ever tasted but sure did the trick. For my colonoscopy today my surgeon recommended Prepopik. Followed the instructions to the T. Drank the first 5 ounces at 6:00 p.m. and the second dose at 5:00 a.m. as instructed. Procedure was at 10:00 a.m. Used the bathroom at the Center where my test was being done. BM was liquid but dark brown. Seemed unusual to me. Told my anesthesiologist and my surgeon and they assured me I would be fine. 30 minutes later I was awake and was told they couldn 't perform the test because my colon was &quot;too dirty&quot;. I wasn 't shocked. What a waste of my time and theirs. Need to go back in a few weeks. Do NOT use Prepopik!
I 've had it 5 months now, and I am getting it out next week. I 've had some CRAZY side effects on this thing, the doctor swears it 's local hormone release so Mirena can 't be the problem, but its the only thing that 's changed in my life. Insertion sucked but it wasn 't unbearable, I had severe cramping after insertion. Since I 've been on it I 've had a decrease/change in libido, continual spotting, almost constant cramping, headaches every day, mood swings, increased levels of depression, a ridiculous flare up in acne, lower back pain, and achy/dry eyes (I wear contact lenses and I 've never had this problem until the IUD). Doctor did not discuss any potential side effects with me before inserting.
I haven 't seen many people on here comment with using it for over 2 weeks. The first few weeks it worked for me too. Thought it was amazing. I 've now been using it for 6 months hoping it just needs time. Nope NOTHING. I have mild/moderate acne. I 'm 24. I still get cystic acne. Especially on my period. I get whiteheads, ones under my skin, black heads, YOU NAME IT. I still get it. The only time my skin is clear is the week before I get my period. 
I was prescribed this for pain relief but I also suffer from anxiety and depression so we hoped it would help that as well. I was only on it for 3 days and ended up in hospital. The first day I couldn 't stop being sick, the second day I felt really sick, was shaking and felt really spaced out, I couldn 't eat or drink and yesterday I got even worse. It didn 't help with my pain at all and I was more anxious than ever. I tried to get out of bed this morning and fell over. My husband took me to hospital and I was told not to take it anymore. I 'm 28 with 2 children and was unable to look after them while on this medicine.
I 've used 7 day Monistat before with no problems but right now I am in so much pain due to the cream.  I searched online because I didn 't think this was right and found all these complaints.  Something is definitely wrong with the cream.  I am not using it again. Too risky. It shouldn 't hurt like this. I 'm not a cryer when in pain but this made my eyes tear up. Monistat, you lost a customer.
Do not get the mirena! It will ruin your life!
I 'm a pharmacy student and have taken Lexapro. This is supposed to be one of the most effective drugs on the market for anxiety and depression. I suppose I 'm the exception, because taking Lexapro was terrible. I switched from Celexa (worked decently), which is chemically very similar to Lexapro. My doctor and I decided to try it thinking I would get even better results. That didn 't happen. Lexapro turned me into a paranoid hermit. My anxiety hit the roof, I would have random depression episodes and begin crying for no apparent reason. Constant worrying. I will NEVER take this pill again. I 'm on Prozac now which has worked wonderfully. But like I said- Lexapro works very well and has helped many people. Just not me.
I took my first pill of macrobid last night and it caused nausea and it made me exhausted. I noticed when I was nauseous, I felt better if I ate something. It 's like I constantly needed something in my stomach, but I felt miserable. I also had chills so I 'm guessing I had a fever. I 'm about to eat a heavy breakfast and take my next pill, hopefully this second dose goes okay. Otherwise my doctor is getting a phone call first thing Monday morning.
Skyla killed My  wife
I started using Saxenda about a month ago - doing the increments in doses to this week at 2.4 so not quite 3 yet. First few weeks no side effects yay! Then last Thursday feeling nausea with extreme  ( double you over) pain so left work &amp; hardly made it home &amp; explosive diarrhea - left me drained, naused &amp; sick the whole next day. Everyday since then extreme nausea &amp; I 'll feeling coming waves. Started at 259 lbs- down to 253. The I 'll feeling just won 't go away I think I might stop for a few days &amp; see how I feel. I tried every diet, hcg too &amp; now these awful side effects. So disappointed  
This is only my second month on birth control. The first month I was taking orsythia and it made my acne disappear within two weeks and I absolutely loved it. I had no issues and my boobs were starting to grow very slowly. I 'm about three weeks into syronx and my acne has worsened.. I feel like scarface. My boyfriend and I have great sex so thats the only good thing about this. I 've gained a couple pounds but well.. I am only three weeks in and I have been a little stressed... so HOPEFULLY my skin goes back to normal..If not, I 'm switching back to orsythia!
I was experiencing pain in my stomach and upper abdomen after about a month of using Solaraze twice per day (was prescribed for three months).  Had to have an upper endoscopy to find the cause of my symptoms.  I had burns to my lower esphagus and mild stomach bleeding. My doctor told me that a side effect of this medication (ointment applied to the skin on my face) can destroy the mucus lining in the stomach.  Use with extreme caution!
I 'm 19, no kids and never pregnant. I went in and talked to my OB about a new birth control, because I get so busy I forget to take the pill, but also because my period is extremely heavy. My OB inserted Skyla the 23rd of April, the pain was bad. I took a 800mg pain pill, but it still hurt. It hurt after, but I took a hot bath to help my body relax, which helped the cramps. I started bleeding the Thursday after I got it inserted and I 'm going on seven weeks of it. I just had a check up, so she could look at the strings and she said that I have 3-6 months of possible bleeding. I do have to say though, that this bleeding is heavy, but no where near as hard as I was before. So I guess that 's good. Hoping the bleeding stops soon.
In the past year I have experienced four occasions of hyperlipidemia, rhabdomylosis, and acute renal failure. All four times I woke up in ICU  and had a lengthy stay in the hospital. I am still taking atorvastin, have muscle aches and pains, with weakness, joint pain and stiffness, and restless legs, with no control of movement. I am miserable most of the time. Recently my doctor stopped the lipitor for the next six weeks to see what changes may happen.
I had my 4th colonoscopy this morning and used Suprep as my prep. It is expensive but I purchased it anyway, because it was recommended by my gastroenterologist. It tastes awful and it gave me nausea and a headache. It works way too fast as I was going in 10 minutes after taking it. As the day went on, I started feeling dizzy as if I were going to faint. The nurse at my doctor 's office thought that I was dehydrated even though I had been drinking the liquids recommended all day. I was unable to take the second dose and was not totally cleaned out for my procedure. I recommend the Mirolax prep which I have had in the past with no trouble.
I took Geodon for 2 weeks at 20mg to treat bipolar disorder type I.I wasn 't on this medication long enough to notice any changes.I discontinued because it heightened my hallucinations and made them significantly worse. 
I had mine for almost 2 years. I didn 't bleed at all the first 2 months. And than once I started to have a period it would last for almost a month and than I wouldn 't have one or two months after that. I went for a check up and my doctor put me on a low dose of birth control pills and told me not to take the placebo (last week of the pills) and see if that helps. I did that for about 6 months no change what so ever it just got worse. Once I hit 3 months of none stop spotting and bad mood swings I decided that it was time to get it removed. I had it removed and got the depo shot in the same day. The doctors said that we have to give it 3 more months for my body to adjust. I just want to have a normal period again!!
I was switched onto apri and I got my period for seven days when before I got it for only 3-5. I get severe cramps, bloating, and heavy periods. I will get spotting for about a week or two after I get my period. It has prevented pregnancy but does not help with any symptoms that come with periods.
I was prescribed this medication to assist with treating my eosinophillic esophagitis. I have never in my life experienced so many horrific side effects from a medication. Cramping, abdominal pain, intestinal pain, gas, it was so bad that I could only tolerate the medicine for a week.
Like some RA people, diagnosed easily back in 1990. Genetically &quot;gifted&quot; it from maternal side. Having tried all the old first line drugs w/o success I started on second line of meds including Enbrel. It was great for 6 months. Then it stopped. Remicade was started &amp; after one infusion I had a horrible reaction: Serum Sickness&quot; . Paralyzed for 3 days, severe allodynia (pain all over). Would never take this drug. It was the mouse protein in Remicade that I reacted to. Wish you all well!
I was given this after surgery for pain as I can 't have morphine and they tried 5 other drugs to sort me out before this. Omg I went on a wild trip I went thru dimensions of colour and walls, I couldn 't get back into my body I thought I had died. Scary scary stuff. When I came out of the trip I was dizzy and seeing double, my pain was gone but didn 't enjoy the experience at all.
I must be in the 10% who react to Dovonex. I have mild plaque psoriasis on my scalp and this cream made it so much worse! After one week of usage, my whole scalp was inflamed and scaly, as well as a nice ring around my face. Even my ears! The literature says this will happen in 10% of cases. Lucky me. I discontinued immediately.
This was a nightmare. I got suicidal, depressed, panic attacks and NO sex drive. I grew hair in places I never got hair. It was like a giant foggy dark cloud was over me. I cried over stupid commercials. I had it removed and it was a good thing I did since the doctor who put it in did not do it correctly. I hated this thing. Do not recommend if you are prone to depression or panic attacks.
Did not phase my psoriasis in any way. It did manage to take my fingertips off the fingers I was using to apply it. I would have thought it was pretty strong based on that. But did nothing for my patches.
I have been on Livalo for 4 months. About 4 weeks ago starting having pain in fingers of my left hand.  2 weeks ago pain in back of leg from above the knee to the foot. Pain is persisting and hinders my sleep. I have had problems with my muscles while on Lipitor and Crestor.
I have been taking 1/2 pill of 5mg of Lisinopril for a month, I am itching like crazy, weird, no rash that i can see.  But itch head to bottom of feet every day, night, minute.  my bowel is light yellow and have dirreah for 1 month now and have zero energy, can 't breath, and can 't function. back on Amplodine  Was trying to get on a kidney friendly medicine but it is not working for me.
Been on lyza since 8/16...have had a normal heavy period every month since. Except for 1 month it was surprisingly light. This month it 's a week early and I 'm annoyed. Lyza has been hell. My boobs have been sore, acne at first but that 's gone. My appetite is out of control. The only reason I started was to stop my period. My cramps have been the worst ever and more clots coming out then ever before.
I have used this product for only like 3 days now and it instantly made me breakout, my face is now 3x as bad as it was when i started it.
After having done fine w/alprazolam and citalopram for years, and wanting to slightly up my alprazolam for my GAD, Doc suggested I try cymbalta. I had a *horrible* experience with this drug (have never before experienced such bad side effects). I can 't recall the dosage, but it was a sample, so I don 't believe it was anything too high. First day I took it, I felt absolutely wiped out, like all the energy had been sucked from my body. I could barely make it to the bed to lay down. A few hours later the muscles in my jaw began spasm-ing involuntarily, I could feel them tightening and clamping my teeth together, then slightly relaxing. I didn 't take the next pill, and it took a day for side effects to go away. I 'll never take it again.
I took 5 mg of it at night because it made me drowsy. The first two days, I didn 't have much symptoms besides the drowsiness. But on the third day, I had  a mental meltdown. I had a lot of bad, racing thoughts. I got suicidal and I almost admitted myself to the hospital. Luckily I stuck it out and  I was ok the next day. I stopped taking the medication after that experience.
I took this drug at night and immediately went to sleep. When it became time to wake up the next morning I felt like I was in another world. It literally felt like the world was upside down. I couldn 't stand in the shower and ended up collapsing in bed with only a half wet bath robe. I couldn 't move and could barely pull cover over top of my immobile body. I had severe pains in my body and especially my legs. I didn 't even begin to feel coherent until 3pm. I never took another dose. However, the following night I had insomnia and didn 't sleep a wink for two days. This is a strong medicine. 
I tried 2 different statins that caused me horrid pains while sleeping, and refused to use them again.  Insurance would not allow Livalo unless I suffered for at least 6 months with a cheaper statin. Doctor gave free samples to me, and I cut them in half to use.  Felt pain the first day used, and stopped med after 3 days. No different from cheaper statins.
Where do I start? First pack was great. No spotting until the very end of the second month, then full blown period during the middle of the third month of my first pack (three months of pills per pack, just to clarify). So, I thought I should go ahead and start my second three month pack and treat it like I 'm having my period even though it technically was too early. Well, I haven 't stopped bleeding for about a month now and the bleeding has gotten worse, passing huge clots and all of the lovely things that go along with that. Called my doctor and she said to stop and start taking a monophasic BC pill and that should stop the bleeding and get my uterus back to normal. Hoping this will work and won 't have an eternal period!
I got my nexplanon insert in December 2015- 5 months later and I wish I did not get it. I have crazy moods swings and get depressed for no reason. I have gained almost 10 pounds and workout 3-4 times a week. Although this form of contraceptive does its job of not getting you pregnant, I wish I researched more about the side effects. When I first got nexplanon I spotted for 2 months and after that I haven 't had a period since the end of February. I do NOT recommend getting this insert!
I have been taking ambien for years and it has worked by my fianc
I was given Cymbalta in October to help with chronic back pain from a spinal fusion surgery due to no one catching a 33 degree scoliosis curve which was also affecting my breathing. My mother passed in September, so my PAIN SPECIALIST decided I needed something for anxiety/depression AND pain..ya think? So he told me to take it for a few weeks and tell him if I like it, and if I think it helps.Well, no mood lifting, no pain relief. Luckily I had no side effects to speak of, so I am sorry for those of us that doctors just hand meds to without explaining anything. Yes, he just prescribed them, and said &quot;They should help.&quot; NO warnings, then we get the effects and they look at us like we are crazy.He tried to give me Cymbalta a second time!
I was using this medication because of extreme bleeding reasons and my doctor felt it may help. While it did help the bleeding, it had horrible side effects. I was constantly hot and could never get comfortable, hungry all the time, very low sex drive, suicidal thoughts, horrible night mares, depression and emotionally unstable.... To name a few! I took the medication for 4 months and finally convinced my doctor that I needed something else. Within one week off of that medication I felt 50% better, and by two weeks I was 100% better. I have no idea who has had success with this medication because two other women that I spoke with felt the same as me. If you are taking this to &quot;fix&quot; another problem please consider the side effects!
I have moderate Rosacea but enough where my entire face is pink/red. I started using this two months ago day and night and the redness has gone down minimally, but I 've started to break out in deep red pimples on my cheeks. I stopped yesterday and the pimples seem to be clearing up a bit. Definitely wasn 't worth it because I now have acne marks all over my face.
don 't risk it, it 's not worth losing yourself in the process of clearing your acne.
I had an allergic reaction to Cozaar ...it swelled my face..I had difficulty breathing..higher bp. So the doctor prescribed medrol I took the morning dose &amp; lunch dose...I felt &amp; looked terrible (most of the side effects were reason I took it). I had a rheumatologist appointment that same day &amp; she recommended I take Benadryl..so I did that along with drinking lots of green tea and some exercise and I 'm as good as new!
I got the Nexplanon March 17th , an I have not stopped bleeding since, it 's now April 27th. My cramps have been the worst they 've ever been since my bleeding began. I 've had massive migraines, I 've had either a yeast infection or a bacterial infection back to back no matter how many times I 've gotten them treated they come right back. No I have not gotten pregnant, that is the ONLY positive thing about this birth control , other than that I have had a very negative experience an I know I 'm only a little over a month in, but from every other females review I have all the same symptoms an I 'm debating on if it 's even worth waiting to see if it adjusts or not.
Dermatologist prescribed Elidel for facial itching, burning, redness plus swelling, dryness, cold sore, especially serious scaling around mouth &amp; on lips. I have had all kinds of skin cancer on face, legs &amp; chest, plus a melanoma on thigh. When I read the side effects on your site &amp; others, I chose not to use Elidel. It was too risky for me. I am an 81-yr-young female. Due to the extreme burning of most of my face, I rubbed it with ICE CUBES which gave me awesome relief, enabled me to sleep without itching &amp; scratching. Outbreak cleared up within 2 weeks.
I have only been on this medication for 3 weeks. Already I am an emotional mess. I 'm exhausted all the time. Not to mention me and my husband were having sex almost everyday. My first week on it I didn 't even want him to touch me. He said I seem detached. We tried I cant even get turned on. No sex drive what so ever. For the sake of my relationship and my sanity I have decided to stop taking it...
I went to the hospital for a bad migraine that at the time lasted 3 days. The worst I 've ever had. They gave me a cocktail of raglin and benadryl through my IV. Within a minute my chest felt like it was burning. I couldn 't breath, my blood pressure skyrocketed. They administered the benadryl and still no help. My chest felt heavy and I thought I was going to die. I couldn 't move, talk or anything. They put oxygen on my face and called the Dr in to see me. He then administered valium STAT, then I began to calm down. They said that the nurse administered the Raglin to fast causing the side effects. After about 4 hours in the ER they Sent me home. At least I left with the migraine gone! But never again will I allow Ragin to be administered to me!
I 've been on every seizure medication invented. Keppera or genetic Levatiraacetam is by far the worst one I 've been on. The side effects have ruined my life. I gained over 45 pounds the first year on it. I am now almost 70 pounds heavier than I was before I started taking the medication. I can 't work anymore because I have severe depression, anxiety &amp; insomnia. I tell people off for the craziest things &amp; am super paranoid all the time. Despite the that I take antidepressants, anxiety &amp; sleeping meds. I used to be a terrific nurse, winning awards &amp; receiving all kinds of gratitude. Now I can no longer do anything. I am terrified to leave the house, take a shower, clean or go anywhere. I have no life, I just exist. Can 't wait to get off this!
I have been on for almost 2 weeks I had to stop  I was lost my appetite nauseous my hair was falling out
This medication is very difficult to get off of.  I recently began taking tamoxifen for breast cancer, only to find out that Cymbalta blocks the metabolism of it, and I should come off it. EASIER SAID THAN DONE.
I have suffered several forms of psoriasis for about 40 years.  I have recently started biologicals, at last resort.  I was on enbrel sure click for about 9 months.  The stuff burns like hell in the legs.  Enbrel did very little for me.  I am now starting Humira.
Medication helps slightly with spasms, but has a high rate of stomach upset and gas.
It was terrible. I can relate to so many of these women. I tried lo lo for 3 months because I had a hard time with beyaz and I started bleeding and did not stop for 3 months. It literally felt like I was getting my period for 3 months straight. I became anemic and exhausted all the time. I don 't know why it had that affect on me. Still trying to find a good birth control. =(
I have been taking Zovia now for a little over a month. My doctor prescribed this because I was having extremely heavy periods with severe cramps so he said this would help to regulate but since I 've been taking it I haven 't stopped bleeding at all. 33 days of bleeding is the worst and it hurts to wear a tampon so I have to wear pads only. My husband who is trying to be supportive is starting to get frustrated because we can 't even have sex because of all this bleeding. I think I may stop using it.
I have been a T2 diabetic for 10 years. I started invokana 2 days ago and it has been absolutely horrible. I have never felt so bad in my life.  I am unable to perform my job having to leave work early because of the feeling of just being extremely tired.   I have been in the bed these last two days more than I would like.  I have been urinating at every 15 to 20 minutes all day and night and have noticed a smell in my urine that wasn 't there before.  This medication needs to be pulled off of the market.
I 've been on Cryselle for 2.5 months now. I 've had acne all my life and had finally gotten it under control before starting Cryselle. It 's out of control again. Additionally, I 've had some serious anxiety/depression/mood swings. I cry all the time and have irrational obsessive/anxious thoughts. The benefits definitely did not outweigh the costs. My GYN is switching my prescription.
I have severe Crohn 's Disease and after 15 months of taking Humira I developed night sweats and my abdomen was swollen so much it displaced some of my organs causing pain. I headed to emergency and after PET scan I was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's Lymphoma cancer.
I 've taken it for a week now and all its caused was me and my gf to have big fights in public. I already had anger issues. Its worse now. I 'll stick with it for another week or two, if it doesn 't get better. I 'm quitting this mess.
I was given this medicine through an IV while visiting the ER for a migraine. Reglan gave me the worst feeling that I 've ever had. I had a major panic attack within minutes. I had weird thoughts and my body could not stop shaking, especially my legs. There was a pool of sweat under me. I felt trapped and thought I was going to die. I wanted to tear out the IV needle a leave. The panic only lasted 2 hours, but it felt like 2 days. I hope to never have that feeling again.
At first, I found myself with more energy and simply lost my appetite, which didn 't bother me.Then, the second day, I suffered nausea and vomiting. I discontinued the medicine on the second day, but the nausea and vomiting continue.
Luckily I recovered from Stage 4B Lymphoma most likely caused by Aldara. Russian roulette is safer.
Started byetta in mid October 5mgs at first. Moved on to 10mgs from mid November.  I almost finished that pen now but I have had no nausea or any other side effects, no weight loss, no difference in my food intake, no diff in my sugar levels. #sad face.
This one made me dizzy to the point of being afraid I was going to faint at the slightest turn of the head.
This was my third colonoscopy and had never had problems before with other prep kits.    This one did me in.    I woke up the day of the procedure feeling queasy, and sure enough, about 40 minutes after drinking the prep, I was vomiting profusely.  I had to run the drug store to get magnesium citrate to complete the process, but got sick after that as well.   Luckily, I kept the latter down long enough to get the necessary affect.My gastro was not happy that I 'd had the problem.  He apologized profusely and said that was the last one he was prescribing.   Too many patients were reporting problems.
This is my third week on this pill . I have taken birth control before and it was all smooth sailing. But with this pill I feel miserable, I have been bleeding for 5 days (two weeks after my period) and I have been in a horrible mood! Not wanting to talk to anyone or do anything. I would NOT recommend this birth control. I&rsquo;m stopping immediately
I have been taking xyzal now for 10 days. The first couple of days I thought I had finally found the answer to my chronic cough and allergy symptoms. It helped me to sleep through the night without coughing and most of the day. By about the fifth or sixth day I started having severe muscle aches and joint pain over my entire body. My mother is 88 years old and I feel like how she describes her body pain. The last few days I have been trying to decide if its worth the pain and fatigue until this morning on the 10th day. On top of the joint pain, muscle aches, tiredness, oh and crazy vivid dreams, I felt myself wanting to cry several times today. thats just not me. I 'm done!!!
I 'm glad it works for most people - it most definitely did not work for me. My doctor warned me about feeling tingly but that wasn 't all-I took it at night like I used to do with Imitrex.My migraine had progressed to the point of not being able to function, nausea-the usual. I woke up and felt groggy, probably shouldn 't have gone into work and DRIVE my kids to school but, the pain was done, it was a good 12 hours since I had taken the medication so I figured I was OK. Boy was I wrong. I could not function, my brain was dead BUT the worst part was the uncontrollable sobbing. I was crying for no apparent reason, for HOURS- The whole day! I had to leave work and have my mom pick up my kids and take care of me-nausea lasted all day too. NOPE!
All these really good reviews are depressing me. I had my first ever gout attack 7 days ago and have been in mind blowing pain the entire time. My doc prescribed methyl prednisone 3 days ago, but I have so far seen absolutely no improvement, in fact, my symptoms might be worse. I have another 3 days of the pills to take, but so far it 's not been effective for me. I hope that changes soon!
After a routine blood test for a physical it was discovered that I had a vitamin D deficiency. My Dr recommended ergocalciferol 50,000 IU capsules once a week for 12 weeks. Around 6 hours after I took that first dose I woke up confused and weak, it was the worse  day of my life. My personality changed completely, I thought I was going crazy. I cried, I was screaming, I couldn 't even stand up from my bed. At some point I passed out for a short period and  when I finally opened my eyes everything was spinning. My husband rushed me to the hospital, and after a few tests and a CT scan it was determined that I had a really bad adverse reaction to the vitamin D. They gave me fluids and I guess that 's what helped me to recover.
I had NEXPLANON insert on my arm about a year ago. Since I had it on I been bleeding badly to a point that I am having it removed. My doctor prescribed me 2 months of birth control pills to see if would help me with the bleeding but as soon as I stop taking the pills my bleeding came back again. I contact the 1800 and they said this bleeding was normal and it was part of the symptoms, but how can you have any sex intercourse if you are bleeding 80% of the time. Asked Rep if NEXPLANON would reimburse me for the other 2 years that i have on the product since I wanna this remove as soon as possible and he laugh at me. Is frustrating that they insert the products on your body and if doesn 't work properly they are not responsible. Never again.
I started taking Cefdining for an upper respiratory infection and within 4 days I had the worse vaginal itching. I stopped using this medicine and my symptoms have calmed down.This medicine is horrible!
Blurred vision, medication did not help sinus issues.
After years of pain I decided to get relief with &quot;euflexxa&quot; shots. Worst decision I ever made. I got my first shot on 11-4-15 and I have been sick with a fever-99.3 - 101.5 since then and it is now 12-6-15.  I went back to the doctor who gave me the 2 shots for the 3rd. shot on 11-18-15 &amp; showed him the swelling in my neck, along with the constant fever, muscle spasms, with back, shoulder pain, headaches,joint pain, feel weak, &amp; constant terrible neck pain, so I can 't drive. The doctor said that I have had an adverse reaction to &quot;euflexxa&quot; as after the first 2 shots my fever spiked within 24 hours. He wouldn 't give me the 3rd. shot &amp; told me to apply ice on my neck swelling &amp; allow the &quot;euflexxa&quot; to wear off. Horrible Nightmare-Never Again
I have take Lialda for 3 weeks and not much improvement. My doctor increased my intake to 3 pills everyday and started me on prednisone. In my opinion prednisone will do most of the work. I do not plan on taking Lialda long term because of side effects of headache, cramping, bloating, etc. This pill does not work fast enough.
I took another type of microgestion Fe which worked great but when I switched to Blisovi Fe, I started to get horrible hives. I didn 't think it could be the birthvcontrol since I had been taken it over a year, but the dermatologist said my hives looked like a drug reaction so I went off Blisovi and my hives went away. Blisovi has an inactive ingredient that can cause allergic reactions.
Absolutely the worst medicine I have ever been on. I 've been on antidepressants for years and they all suppressed my emotions. I was on trazodone for depression/chronic insomnia but unfortunately the medicine quit working for me so my doctor prescribed me amitriptyline 25mg and when I tell you every single horrible emotion was brought forward, I 'm not even lying. Everyone around me noticed a difference and I felt trapped but was expressing externally. I had a psychotic break on this medication however I was not suocidal. If I had the power to take this medicine off the market, I 'm sorry I would. The range of emotions I had was sadness to anger to agitation and it was on a repeat cycle and I couldn 't control it no matter how much I wanted to
I did not know nor was I given any information on this injection.  About 1 month in I experienced hair loss in places.  Have a tingling around the lips. I felt very nauseous on and off out of the blue.  Am very tired and just cannot get rid of chest infection/cough which just seems to be on loop... I think it 's clearing up then it hits again.  I will not get this injection again.  Nothing is conclusive about the cause of what I am experiencing.
I recently just stopped taking Necon because of my terrible experience with it. I only took it for about 3 months but it made my periods very irregular, I would have spotting on and off two weeks before my period and it caused me to gain 10 pounds. I thought I was getting fat but had no change in my diet. I also have severe period cramps and this does not help with them at all. I do not recommend this product.
I went on this for my intense period cramps. When I first started it, I immediately started spotting-which is a common side effect. However the flow was heavy, I had severe cramps that made me feel nauseous and I was SUPER moody. I was easily irritated which got me into a few heated arguments. However, I barely felt any cramps and flow was light. No sign of weight gain nor acne changes either. The next few months, it felt like I wasn&rsquo;t even on the pill, since my period cramps returned, my face broke out with more pimples, my appetite grew, and I was bloated all the time. The spotting with cramps returned and when I contacted my doctor, she gave me the option to try it for one more month. But I had enough and I switched brands.
I have been prescribed skelaxin for muscle spasms, but have only found it useful for menstral cramps.
My father had passed away of taking pazopanib just for 3 months due to tumour rupture because of this tablet...please do not consume it..
I started taking Zoloft 50mg for 2 days now and really felt no change yet. My Doctor said it could take up to 6 weeks to get the full effect. Think I had an anxiety attack the other day at work. Blood pressure was up, nervous, sweating, throwing up.  
To be honest Lunesta has never worked for me.
Started this medication 4 months ago as trial/alternative to hysterectomy. Thus far, I have experienced bleeding more than not. (Great way to spend summer!) The abdominal pain &amp; never knowing when you will start to bleed out is awful!! Can 't wait to meet with doctor next month &amp; get OFF of this drug :(
I did Monistat 3 day, but symptoms had not gone completely away by the 4th evening. So I thought, hey, I 'll just pick up a 7 day treatment and try that for a few more days. Almost immediately after inserting the cream, the burning began! So bad I couldn 't even think. 30 minutes later i 'm still lying on the couch with a freezer pack between my legs. This is horrible. I 've had YI 's before but never have I ever had a reaction like this. I used to think hell would be like one eternal yeast infection. Now I think it would be more like one eternal dose of Monistat 7.
I thought I was pregnant, I was nauseous, throwing up, extremely exhausted, dizzy, and hot flashes. I am not saying everyone will react this way I just know I feel horrible I tried it for the 28 days tomorrow I am going to get a different kind.
great birth control device definitely protects from pregnancy! Considering the continuous  bleeding 
I have been taking Provigil 3 x 200mg tabs in the morning. It works but not great. I would be sitting at my desk and do &quot;head bobs&quot;.  This is not acceptable to me.   My doctor suggested I try Nuvigil.  I started taking it last week.  I took one 250mg in the morning.   It is a sleeping pill to me.  This week has been the longest week for me.  I am fighting to stay away at work. I am interested to see if other have this same reaction to Nuvigil.
I 've been on this pill now (10mg) for 3 weeks. My anxiety has reached an all time high and I 'm hardly able to get to work and function. Wake up every morning sick in the stomach.Not sure if its normal and gets better or if its just not for me..............
I started taking Seasonique a month ago.  My doctor told me to take it on the first day of my period.  I 've been bleeding ever since, although it 's not heavy, I still need to wear a pad everyday.  I 'm going to stop in the middle of the pack because I can 't take this bleeding anymore. My sex drive is non existence right now.  I took Seasonique last summer and absolutely loved it!  Had no problem at all.  
Metamucil works if you use it everyday. I just can 't stand the taste of it.
I was given 10mg of citalopram by my gp last year but still haven 't tried it.  I know its stupid because I have suffered from anxiety and stress for 30 yrs  I lost my husband in October  last year on my birthday. I live alone and worry about everything.  Because I don 't cope very well with tablets I am really scared of bad side effects and no one here to help me . I know there is only me who can decide what to do but why these meds have such side effects baffles because thats the very thing you are taking them for. I am British and found this website .
Took 5 mg on a Friday, it put me to sleep for 12 hours. Took another 5 mg the next day and my chest seized up and my left arm lost sensation. I then started having heart arrhythmia every minute to the point where my entire left side of my chest hurt. I had no energy for the entire weekend. I felt depressed and miserable and in pain. I tried one more time Sunday night before bed and it woke me up from a dead sleep with chest pain and arrhythmia.  I still have chest pain and arrhythmia and I 've been off of it for 1 week. My energy levels are still low and I get out of breath easily. I have never had any problems cardio wise in the past.
I was on this medication for five months with initial astounding results. My dosage was 125 grams. My daily headaches ceased as did my migraines. However, at around the four month mark, both came back to haunt me with a vengeance, seemingly doubling pain and severity. I also began experiencing tingling in my hands and numbness in my face, a totally unpleasant and unforeseen side effect that I only discovered by exploring online forums reviewing the medication. Additionally, this medication severely affected my anxiety and also led me to have extreme suicidal ideation, so much so that I had to stop altogether. I lost 15% of my total body weight whilst on this medication. If possible, avoid if you have a history of anxiety or depression.
I was on the depo for 1 n a half years, got off in Feburary. started my period march. It 's now June 4 and still bleeding! I hate this b.c!
At one point during the 5 months that I was taking these pills, I came across tightness of my chest which gave me difficulty breathing and I felt as though I was suffocating. I never had acne, once I quit the pills, I suffered, and am still suffering, from severe acne. I refuse to go back on the pill, but I also don 't know what to do about this acne problem now. I stopped taking the pills in January and have had bad acne since. No problems breathing, though.
I took 1 yesterday approx 11am (I work nights).  It 's 18:22 now &amp; I 'm still exhausted. Slept all day, night and today. I also had nightmares! HORRIBLE!! I 'll NEVER take this again.
GP recommended effexor when 7 months ago when I was going through some extremely stressful life events. The seroxat I was on for GAD for the previous 17 years was no longer effective &amp; now I had become depressed. Effexor 37.5mg worked well at first, was upped to 70mg.  Benefits: Immediately made me feel less depressed (hooray - no more tears), No panic attacks at all, Able to sleep all night. Costs: Felt like a zombie, Lost my spark, Didn 't feel present when talking to people (the lights were on but no-one was in), Not bothered about anything including if I upset someone; More aggressive verbally (usually very placid person), Withdrawn (usually very social person). Withdrawal if missed dose was torture. Currently tapering off it.
Hi I am a 35 yo with one child and a tubal ligation.  I have had the Mirena almost two years. I have it in place due to bleeding cause from my fibroids. I was bleeding 20 days a month. Initially I was grateful to have a normal cycle. As time progresses I have started spotting for 5 day then bleeding heavy with cramping. I have a foul odor and back pain keep getting Antibiotics and it goes away while taking them then comes back a few days later. I have been very uncomfortable, acne, bloating, and Moody. I don 't like it and it has to go. It does not effect women the same but consider alternative options before choosing this one.
I have been taking hysingla 40 ER approximately 2 weeks. I am experiencing severe headache, nausea,  and the pain has not subsided one bit. I have tried taking this medicine different times of day hoping it was just the time frame. I have severe withdraw symptoms and can not function. I 'm very close to losing my job. I was not abusing my norco, why am I being punished for drug addicts??!!!
I have had the Nexplanon since Oct. 2014. I loved it at first - I was so excited that I could be on a birth control that I didn 't have to worry about taking daily and also make my period lighter, shorter, or even non existent. I was very concerned when my gyno said that It could cause some spotting but very rare. I definitely should have done more research because based on all these reviews it just shows that everyone has a problem with there periods being more existent than ever before. I have my period for 8 days on and then 8 days off. Literally every other week. I 've also gained at lease 5-10 lbs of weight. I 've been 10 X more moody. My face has never broken out like this before (it 's aweful) pimples in places I 've never had.
Botox did not work for me. A geneticist confirmed that I have DYTI dystonia, which is one of the hereditary forms. The symptoms I 'd experienced were on the left side of my neck. Botox DID reduce those movements. Unfortunately, my head steadily began to pull to the right and my torso twisted as well. I also experienced &quot;floppy-head,&quot; which feels like someone is pushing the back of your head so that your chin nearly touches your chest. Not fun. Botox is also a toxic substance and the full effects are not yet known. All of this may be due to the genetic nature of my condition so it may work better for those with the secondary type.
I 've been on Loestrin for the last two weeks. I 've never had an acne problem in my life. I 've always had extremely clear skin. For the last week my face has become covered in acne. I also think I have gained weight.
Had Kyleena in for 4 months and I am getting it taken out in 2 days. I have constant cramps and my bleeding is random, long, and heavy. I will get sharp pain to the point where I can 't move or stand up. I can 't have sex because it hurts so bad. My boyfriend says that he can feel the strings. Insertion hurt but that was expected and it wasn 't as bad as I thought it would be. The first month and a half was great but now it is just getting worse instead of better. I really wanted this to work because I hate taking the pill and I am sensitive to estrogen but I have to say I like the pill better.
I was prescribed Aczone &amp; Tazorac to use each once a day aczone in the morning &amp; tazorac every other night. The Aczone made my face break out sooo bad it did more damage than anything!
Unfortunetly abilify didn 't work for me, and there were no bad side effects from it. I have heard some good things about abilify. It just wasn 't for me.
I have had the Nexplanon implant since Feb 2016, so 10 months.  I cannot wait to get this taken out! An OB/GYN sold me on this birth control during my last annual visit and made it sound like the best thing since sliced bread.  It is effective in that I am not pregnant, however the side effects are ridiculous.  I have never had issues with my skin and I have had non stop chin breakouts since I began this method of birth control.  Perhaps the worst and most inconvenient side effect is the unexpected, sporadic, sometimes month long menses!  I have been bleeding since early November!
I received the flu mist on a Thursday evening by Friday night I had congestion in my head. Sore throat. And just an all around sick/drained feeling. I get sick easily and had a feeling I would react this way but was assured by healthcare providers it was the better route. After listening to the benefits I decided to give it a try. 
I have been on Dexilant for a month now and no relief at all. I have not been given a diagnosis yet as I am still having tests. I have severe chest and throat discomfort and burp constantly . I feel terrible and am worried the acid is damaging my esophagus. .
Like many others, I had high hopes.  After year of stool softeners, laxatives, exercise, water, high fiber, etc. with a bowel movement 1 or 2 times/week and rarely feeling like I was  'empty ' I got a 30 day RX filled (my ins paid). I didn 't experience anything for a couple of days, then a few soft stools. As the days went on, I would have an occasional bowl movement but I started having horrible gas! I tied to stick with it since I figured it would just take time to regulate everything so I refilled RX.  Well, today is MY LAST DAY TAKING LINZESS!!  I have been more bloated today than ever in my life, I have pain from my sternum to my pelvis my abdomen is so distended. Gained 4lbs in 6 days!! MIS.ER.A.BLE!!!!!!
Mood swings and depression. Suicidal thoughts... Not good. Does its job with regulating periods, but the side effects are terrible. Have been on it for 2 years and was just off of it for a month. Now I 'm back to my normal self. Glad to know Im not going crazy, it 's just the pill making me like that. Definitely going to switch.
Took contrave this morning for the first time.. within the hour I had terrible stomach pain and cramping has this happened to anyone else???
Started taking amoxycillon, omeprazole, and clarithromycin to treat H. Pylori. Worst side effects I have ever experienced. By day 4, I had severe diarrhea (looked like coffee grounds), nausea, dizziness, couldn 't sleep, would have waves of burning through my chest and into my head. I went to the ER because my breathing was labored and I had such severe diarrhea. I also developed something oral thrush so my tongue felt so raw. My doctor finally told me to stop taking it.  The side effects were extremely miserable and torturous.
I took Singulair for a week because I was having trouble with my asthma and allergies. But I also have anxiety and panic attacks often and Singulair made it so much worse!! Every time I took it my heart would race and even the next morning I would still have a racing heart. I ended up having panic attacks every day and going to the ER twice in a week while on this. I will NEVER take this again, it 's very bad for people who have anxiety. My asthma is still bad but it wasn 't worth trying because of the side effects.
IV Zometa yesterday woke up this morning body aches headache fever slept all day. 
80 mg valsartan is the 1st BP med I have ever taken.  After taking my second pill I developed an extremely severe headache in the front of my face.  It subsided the next day but did not go away completely.  After the 5th pill I experienced pain in my hips, knees, and fingers that woke me up constantly during the night.  I took another pill the next morning.  That evening I developed a severe rash on my face right across the areas where I had my headache.  Did not take another pill after that, but still have a headache after not being on it for a week.  My BP was 148/83 and never really saw much of a difference being on the pill for such a short period of time.  Valsartan made me feel very unwell!
Unprotected intercourse April 29th, took the pill 4 hours later. Now it 's more than a week past.  Definitely feeling preggo and like someone else. I know it was a huge dose of hormones and supposedly stops ovulation, but I ovulated then...I 'm testing this Saturday or Sunday (Mother 's day..yikes) if my period doesn 't come. Cramps and no discharge or anything.  I had dizziness start within hours of taking it. I haven 't been depressed in a while--crying at the drop of a hat, my belly and chest feels a little more swollen/tender each day. Having trouble sleeping at night--hot flashes nightly, strange dreams the first two nights.The desire to eat much then nothing comes and goes. I 'm nauseated. Watch out!
I started taking buspar about 2 months ago. I started having &quot;brain zaps&quot; and I thought it was temporary. It was not. I started getting water retention and I wanted to eat more than usual. I also was extremely irritable constantly. I was told to take 5mg twice daily. I started with half a pill then after a week the whole pill 2x daily. I since then I decreased my dose to half. Now I 'm off completely.  All of the side effects have stopped almost immediately.  No brain zaps, irritability decreased slowly, and water retention stopped. This pill didn 't do anything except all of the bad. On the positive side - getting off of it does not give you severe withdrawal.
It gave me 3 pulmonary embolisms. It almost killed me and I would never recommend the NuvaRing to anyone. I steer family and friends away from it if the topic is brought up.
This birth control is an amateur one for sure. I have been on it for almost 3 months now. I have mood swings, weight gain in hips and thighs ( I 'm a professional athlete and have never had weight there), increased appetite, and occasional bleeding. I have had some minor break outs too. I am definitely switching over to a different brand.
The suggestion to chill the Suprep in fridge, chill your water, soda and or gatorade is great advice.  Yes use a straw.I put a Lifesavor Peppermint in my mouth to prepare for the Suprep 's nasty taste, then I added cold water and ginger ale to the fill line in the cup provided.Using a straw, holding my nose, I quickly drank the Supra with the peppermint Lifesaver between my gums and cheek so in between each sip I was able to get the nasty taste out of my mouth with the mint.Having a lifesaver peppermint REALLY helps with the aftertaste!It 's my 3rd colonoscopy and this time I was actually able to get through it without gagging on the stuff.Yes it is like metallic grape drink!
I received my first shot in March 2016 after being on the pill for 5 years. At first I loved the shot. I didn 't have to worry about taking it at a set time every day (which I was terrible at) and my period has completely gone away. About a week before I was due for the second shot, I noticed an increase in my acne on my face, chest, and back as well as some spotting. That was the first week of June 2016 and I haven 't stopped spotting since. My acne has also gotten significantly worse and I have never struggled with acne like this before in my life - even as a teenager. My stress level has increased significantly and I 've gained over 20 pounds since June 2016. I will NOT be going back in November to get my 4th shot.
Brand name Wellbutrin XL 450, severe Gain weight, severe anger, severe stomach pain, severe constipation, severe vivid nightmares, Made me from social normal person, to an unreal horror human, scare to the world .... More than 90 days I can 't even get out of my room....severe Panic attacks!!!
After getting my 2nd Prolia injection, I 've had the worst 4 months of my life!!  Within a couple weeks, I went from a very young 70 yr old to a 90 year old woman.  My back and hips have been so painful, that I have to wear a stiff back support to be able to move.  Even with this, I can 't stand up straight. I am awakened at night because of the pain and I can 't turn over in bed.  I am constantly achey and tired.  Before Prolia, I was extremely active.  I worked with a personal trainer twice a week for six months, before the 2nd injection, but now, I have probably lost all the muscle, strength and flexibility I gained.  I put my gym membership on hold, until I can move, again, without pain. Prolia is the worst!!!!!
I took Accutane twice to have little to no improvement for my moderate acne. It made my hands and feet completely dry, even years later, however, my acne is no better and my face and scalp are still completely oily.
I 've had the implant for a little over 6 months now and I 've had maybe 2 periods. Both extremely light which was nice. I 've noticed after getting the implant I 've felt more depressed, anxious, nauseous, and have been having huge headaches that don 't seem to go away for days at a time. Getting the implant wasn 't difficult at all. It 's inserted with a needle and it was so fast I barely felt anything. My arm was sore for a little bit and some bruising but other than I felt little to no pain. A week or so after I started feeling less motivated to get anything done. Leaving the house would just give me anxiety. Also being a new mom it made it harder to keep up with my baby.
The side effects were too hard to tolerate, for me to continue to take it for more than a couple of months.   Nausea, dizziness, headache, upset stomach, and a terrible skin reaction that left many scars on my entire body are in addition to the mental slowness, confusion and increased depression suffered while taking Lyrica.  
I had an allergic reaction to this medicine. This drug could be a good drug for others but it wasn 't a good one for me. 
I 've been clean for almost 4 yrs. 1st time in my life. I got off all these medications because I was so messed up.I had a Combination of the diagnosis listed and PTSD.  When I detoxed I was blessed to be in a facility that took me off all of the meds. I was taking for all my diagnosis. Replaced it all with exercise, NA mtgs., working with my sponsor, my therapist and talking to my Hp everyday. The first yr. I was so out of it but I eventually felt so much better. This medication caused me to become manic, having anxiety attacks, my upper abdomen became distill, I became incontinent and couldn 't go poo to save my life. Basically, I went back to Oaklawn and was honest with the pysiciatrist I have now and I told her how hard I was working to not have to go back to having to put this crap in me.
I am stage 4, took metronome had great results then ibrance,just the 1st month I was on it 3 tumors popped up, got off it for 3 months then went back, well it made the tumor bigger,..side effects, back aches while walking, sore throat, hair loss, weakness in arms, feeling tired all the time, my cancer psa was 14, in one month on ibrance it went to 35,..I see oncologist on the 9th, I 'm sure my psa will be higher, so I 'm taking my self off of it...
This drug has cause way to many side effects on my 12 year old grandchild. Has cause her body to over develop very fast.
It made very aggressive that the police had to come to my house I don 't recommend if your under 18
This was the worst of all the antidepressants I 've been on. One day without taking it and I would immediately start to withdrawal. I quit this cold turkey disregarding my doctor 's request because I just wanted it out of my system. I basically went manic for about a week but I felt so much better when it was cleared from my system. Hated this drug. 0 stars if I could. My new doctor even refuses to prescribe this.
I was on 50mg of sertraline for over two months for anxiety.  I experienced problems with diarrhea right after I started taking this drug. It eased off in a month, then came back with a vengeance in the second month to the point I was counteracting the anxiety med with Immodium.  I spoke to the doctor who prescribed it and he said it shouldn 't bother me that way, take more!  Take 50mg twice a day!  Suffice it to say I did not take more and went to my family doctor for a different drug, Effexor.  I am in the trial period of the new drug, but the good news is the diarrhea ended shortly after I stopped taking Sertraline.  It did reduce anxiety somewhat, but I will never take it again!
This stuff is rubbish.  Just wanted to sleep.  Tired of caughing..just tired.  It did not help AT ALL.  I know there is a problem with people abusing cough syrup.  I get it.  Now sick  and TIRED from not sleeping...which makes being sick worse, and last longer.
I was on this birth control for three months. I gained over ten pounds and went from a C cup to a DD. This pill was absolutely terrible for me. I lowered my sex drive and my emotions were so all over the place, I considered seeing a therapist. Seems like a lot of side effects for such a low dose of hormones. Not worth it at all.
I experienced severe headaches, backaches and bloodshot eyes.
I was prescribed Junel 1.5/30 last year. When I started taking it, I bled 18 days so I stopped. I didn 't really need to be on birth control but it is easier and regulates periods. This year somehow I was prescribed Blisovi 1/20 which is basically the same just a lower dose and I 've been bleeding for 19 days now. I had Seasonique called for me. I need estradiol so birth control pills are the best option but noretherindone does not work for me.
I 've had Nexplanon for 7 months and have been bleeding almost every day for 6 of those months. The bleeding is light, but enough to wear a tampon so it 's consistently annoying. On the plus side, once your body gets used to Nexplanon, you forget it 's in your arm and I 'm also not pregnant, which at the end of the day is its job. I have 3 friends who tried Nexplanon and it worked for 2 of them (they 're both on their second ones). Before trying it, be aware that some insurances will not pay for you to get it removed if you want it out before the 3 years is up, so make sure you check with them in case it doesn 't work. I do think it was worth the try and would be willing to try it again in the future, but it definitely is still quite flawed.
I got my nexplanon implant on 12/31/14. Today is 7/24/15. My first to &quot;periods&quot; we 're super short and super light. Then on the 3rd period I got (what I like to call) &quot;self destructive uterus and razor blade nipple&quot; syndrome. The worst cramps of my life. It hurt and bled like someone was performing major surgery with a spoon inside of my uterus. I bled THROUGH 3 super plus tampons each day for 3 days, the period continued for a total of 9 days, took 2 days off and then I had a week long spotty-period. Just to have 1 week off, then start the process all over again. I 'm currently going through my 4th &quot;cycle&quot; of this nonsense. Also, I 'm extremely active (have trained for and completed 2 half marathons in the past 8 months) and gained 30 lbs.
This drug should NOT be allowed on the market. Severe anxiety, horrible depression and loss of appetite. 1st month was ok, however the second month was horrible. It has made me question the happiest I have ever been. My doctor had to prescribe anxiety medicine to help me get through the work week. Thank god it takes the depression away as well. Awful awful drug!
This did not help, the restricted my lungs from expanding. 
It 's only been a few days with Soolantra but my Rosacea is horribly worse! Does it flare up big before getting better? Or is this a sign Soolantra isn 't for me?
I have been on Lamictal for seven years (300 mg morning and  200 mg in the evening). I had been on Topamax before but my neurologist switched because of side effects.  After the switch, my amount of seizures increased dramatically to about 5 per month and I was having them without any warning.  It was as if I was not on any medication! I have always been controlled with medicines. The neurologist refused to believe it was from the Lamictal and kept saying it was because my body had to adjust to the change in medicine. After about 6 months, a doctor at a different hospital put me on Keppra in addition to the Lamictal.  I have only had one seizure since. 
My girlfriend was complaining about an itch so we swung by the pharmacy to pick up a test kit and some monistat. Within ten minutes of applying the medicine she was complaining about the medicine and it 's only gotten worse. The itching and burning seems unbearable. She 's been in the shower for 20 minutes now.
Northstar generic 1 out of 10 better off taking benadryl.
Took ella 2 days after unprotected sex ..3 days later experienced heavy bleeding and stomach pains. i wasn 't even due for my period until 2 weeks later this pain feels like the same as taking the abortion pill.. Never again will I take this pill
I have tried to take this several times, with no success. My Dr Prescribed this for IBS-C. I can 't take it in the morning for fear of incontinence. I took it last evening and woke up at 2am with liquid stools and severe diarhhea about every 15 minutes for about 6 hours. This medication will be going in the trash. So not worth it. I 'd rather be constipated and take Dulcolax.
Have had major life changes the last two years and been depressed and weepy most days. Doctor prescribed Cymbalta 30 mg. On day 3. My head feels foggy and am tired all the time. I keep waking up at night but fall back to sleep.  
I 've been taking this for 3 weeks and it 's HORRIBLE. I recently just got diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome, and I have new insurance so my doctor recommended this. The only thing it has done for me, is give me acne. It 's made my skin worse. I was taking levora since I was 19, because I always had irregular periods, but it 's because I had PCOS this whole time. I 'm now 27, and my skin was always phenomenal when I was on levora. I Never gained weight and levora maintained everything perfectly.  Now I have pimples every day, and if one heals I 'll get 2-3 more, by the time it 's healed. I haven 't noticed any change in my weight even though, I do workout 4 days a week and watch what I eat.
I 've literally been taking Lutera for three days now, and I HATE IT. My back hurts so unbelievable bad I can barely walk, I 'm so nauseous, tired, terribly tired all the time and I already have period cramps. I 'm hesitant to stay on this for a few months because I know it hasn 't fully adjusted with me yet, but at the same time this back pain is not something I 'm gonna be able to handle everyday. My back never used to hurt, and now I finally get what people mean when they say &quot;my back hurts so bad I can 't breath&quot; 
Have taken pills for 12 days without result.  Had lots of hope.....slowly fading away! $208.00 should have do better.....
Each time I start a new pack I wind up nauseous and throwing up. I 'm also getting strange mood swings around my period (never experienced before). I 'm only two months in, but I 'm not at all happy.
I am 66 and have had yeast infections in my day, but never was the cure so monumentally more painful than the condition. I put in the ampule, expecting sweet relief, and within 2 hours I was a raving lunatic with burning and itching beyond belief  in my lady parts. I decided my best option was to GET. IT. OUT., and sent poor Grandpa to the pharmacy to get a douche bag. Picture that, people. Sweet relief and never again!
After upping dosage to 20 mg my vision started messing up. We lowered it and are titrating off of it now. My vision is still messed up. I can no longer see through my glasses very well. I 'm seeing a specialist next week. My head throbs as wee and nausea. My vision better return or someone will be in trouble.
Took 2 tablets and went to bed. Experienced some cramping at around 6am the next morning. But around 6:30am the cramping was horrible. Vomiting and diarrhea so much. After about 3 hours of on the toilet and my head in a trash can, I finally was able to sleep. I will never take this again. I have been weak, nausea, and cramping still all day. I am afraid to eat something. I did not drink water before taking this, so if you do take it hydrate yourself before, don 't eat a big meal before (like I did), and do it in a day where you have zero plans.
Have previously used progesterone tablets which worked fairly well however I had a break and then my gp told me to use these instead. Horrid 3 days! I could deal with the nausea and low mood as I was prepared for it, but I lost my orgasm on just 25mg and 3 tablets. Not for me!
My experience with nexplanon was a horrible one. At first I didn 't notice much, but bleeding for almost three weeks straight. Although the bleeding was just spotting, it was there. Next, was the hair loss and man! oh! man! it was alot. It was coming out about 300 strands a day. I went to a doctor and they said wait it out. So I did. I still experience this!! Now I am breaking out with ache more than I ever have. It 's all over my face and neck. I am going to make an appointment to have it removed. This was the last straw.
After taking fosamax for 5 years I was prescribed Prolia in June 2013, I have been hospitalised on 4 occasions with back spasms so severe it took over 2 hrs to get me in the ambulance fully medicated, I then spent 8-10 days in hospital each time waiting for the spasms to stop, after being discharged each time had to use a walker for a week because I couldn 't stand longer than a few steps because of the damage the spasms had caused. No doctor has been able to give me answers until 4 days ago after spending another day in hospital because I spent 2 hrs on the floor in a shopping centre that Prolia is more than likely the reason. I also have ankles which are the size of the tops of my legs, this too has only been in the last 3yrs
Gives me a headache daily each morning. When I take it my brain feels heavy, I don 't like the feeling.
Reading most of the reviews on here just makes me wonder why not me?  I 'm a 28 Female with bipolar 1, anxiety disorder with agoraphobia, OCD (obsessive thoughts but thankfully nothing severe), and adult ADHD.I 'm far from a stranger to the world of therapy, medicines, etc., since I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder at 14.I 've been taking Pristiq for about 2 1/2 months. First noticed I felt more tired, then after a few weeks I noticed I felt more anxious than usual and little things would bother me (more) then before and I actually feel more depressed in the sense that I didn 't actually feel depressed as in sad, worthless, etc. more just kinda blah. But I actually feel more sad and unmotivated now, I 've also gained about 10lbs and Pristiq is the only thing different.
Ok. I have a slight yeast infection. No big deal. Kinda uncomfortable, itchy etc. bought this product  for some relief. OH MY GOD! If I wanted more pain and irritation I would have just douched with ghost pepper juice!!! This product HAD to be made by a man. I mean, insult to injury!!  I was reading up on some of these reviews and just ran for the fridge! No yogurt, but I found one of my kids Go-gurts in there.  Fingers crossed that it kind helps. Like milk after a jalape
Get a poker lay it in hot coals and insert!! it will feel about the same as this product!! No relief&amp; it felt better before the torture!!
Worse drug ever.  Terrible groggy feeling next day. I usually take ambien 10 mg however since manufacturers have changed 2 North Star desperately I was seeking something else unfortunately this is definitely not the answer the next day you will feel like you 've been run over by a train, depressed and unable to accomplish anything!!! Terrible stuff,  warning do not resort to this garbage. ..it is just horrible.  These are going straight in the trash, I 'm going back to ambien tonite,  at least w northstar , when u finally do go to sleep,  you wake up refreshed!!!!!
Omg, where to begin. Doc had me switch from Yasmin (on for over 15yrs) to Jolivette. I have been on it for 3 years (?). My symptoms have been: weight gain, inability to lose weight (very slow loss) despite 6 day workouts and calorie (low carb) control, hot flashes, night sweats, neck pain, headaches, low energy, terrible depression, insane hostile angry mood swings and constant irritability. I went to the doctor as I thought I might be in early menopause. A battery of tests and blood work came up empty. She dismissed that Jolivette was the cause. Finally, googled it and found countless forums of women in the same boat as me. It 's been 3 weeks since I stopped the pill and most notably my moods has been so even no irritability at all!
I was prescribed Nora BE back in March of this year. Prior to taking this I never had an irregular monthly cycle. Every month before I knew my cycle like clockwork. I started taking Nora because I was recently married and my husband and I were not ready for a child of our own just yet. Within the first few months I hated it. I experienced acne, mood swings and my cycle would come on at weird times and stay on for 7-10 days as opposed to my usual 3 - 5 days. I told my doctor I didn 't like it and she suggested I stick with it because it takes at least 3 months for my body to adjust. My cycle came on and I have bled everyday for 1 solid month. I trashed the pills and pray my body can eventually rid the horomone. rids birth by preventing sex.
So I went to my 6 week check up after having my son Doctor prescribed this because I was breast feeding long story short the first day I took it the next day I was bleeding so that following Monday the 15th I stopped taking it I 'm 7 days in bleeding and I 've never had an period longer than 5 days and while breast feeding my last son I didn 't get a period until about 3 months . This is my first time trying birth control but I will continue to use the condom and pull out methods because I actually do want to have sex !!!!
So I dedicided to use the Monistat 3 pre filled so the first night was ok the second night that 's when the itching started it was worse then having a yeast infection I found myself pacing back and fourth even started crying debating if I should go to the ER so I purchased some feminine wipes an cleaned it up and itching stopped tonight was night 3 I was skeptical but decided that I should finish the medicine not even a hour afte inserting the medicine it was itching terribly bad I couldn 't take it i got back in the shower and washed the medicine for the pain and suffering I endured I was better off just keeping the yeast infection because the Monistat 3 was Terrible never will I EVER buy that again.
I took this birth control for a little over a year. At first, I experienced every listed side effect but after about 2 weeks or so, everything went back to normal. I had never had regular periods until apri but the entire time I took them i was regular with no complications or increased pain. I gained at least 8 lbs and my acne increased a bit. At the end of a year I started getting really weird back and side pains for about 3 weeks. I complained but didn 't know what to do. Soon the pain became worse and it was painful to walk. I went to the er once but was sent home. Within a day, my left leg started to swell and the day after that I couldn 't stand straight much less walk so I went to the er. Turns out, I had a DVT in my left leg and PE 's
It took me a year to realize that this product was causing my ITCHY PALMS.  I had hives on my palms that would flare up when I ate soy, and sometimes after touching things at the gym. After starting the nuva ring, I became very sensitive to soy allergens.  I kept trying to eliminate every trace drop of soy in my diet, but it seemed like I was more sensitive to soy everyday.  Then one month, I put in a  new ring and suddenly my palms itched like a hundred fire ant bites, and I realized I was not just allergic to soy.  I was actually ALLERGIC TO THE NUVA RING!!!!!  My soy allergy persists after quitting the Nuva Ring, but no more itchy palms.
After I had my son Jan 2013, I needed birth control, i could never remember to take the pill, the patch always falls off, i hate needles, so on. So my mid wife suggested this. In March 2013 i had it put it. I was moody for the first month of having this put in &amp; i never get moody while I 'm in pms. It cause unbelievable headaches &amp; cramps! It made my periods 30 days long. I would have 1 month on period &amp; 1 month off. Which i believe is the reason it kept more kids from coming with me. No time for sex when you bleed for a month straight. I finally said enough is enough after calling and calling my doctor &amp; her saying &quot;it will even out, its normal&quot;. 2 years later i had it removed! I couldnt be more happy with that choice. Less headaches.
What a nightmare Chantix has been  for me. I don 't think I have enough space to tell the whole story so I 'll just condense it.  Eight years ago I believe I started to take it and took it for less than a week, it would show up in Dr. reports but I 'd say maybe four days.  I lost my ability to sleep although sometimes it would feel like I was but I was dreaming awake I knew everything that was going on. I quit taking it and went back to my doctor and told him what was going on.  We tried multiple medications to help me sleep. Finally trazodone worked.  I 've been taking it ever since and just recently thought that I 'd try going  off of it. It 's been a nightmare it 's the whole not sleeping pattern again living my  dreams while awake in bed. I guess they cut me off I can 't write anymore.
I went on trinesa to regulate my periods and help with acne I would get around my period. My dermatologist prescribed it to me so I never thought it would make my skin worse but it did. I got severe cystic acne all around my checks, jawline and neck. I did it for three months. When my acne got really bad in month two I saw a dermatologist and she said to stay on it for three months and if my breakouts were still bad then to get off it. So now I&rsquo;ve been off it for about a week and my acne is the worst it has ever been. My skin was completely clear during the summer and now it is so severe I never want to leave my apartment. My dermatologist now thinks I&rsquo;ll need to go on accutane to fix what trinessa did to my skin. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND
I really hope this was going to work. My side affects were bad first a rash (very bad). Many creams and strong prescriptions we 're given with little to no help but the worst was the heart damage. I had a mild heart attack the doctor felt strongly it was due to this medication this is only my experience I do not want to discourage anybody that it can help just be careful of all the signs
I have a amputated left arm I have horrible nerve pain ,the doctor I just saw  started me on cymbalta I have only been on it a week and have not noticed any different yet how long does it take for it to work?
This medicine is just like a sugar pill it should be taken off the market it waste peoples money
I was prescribed Biaxin for bronchitis. I 've taken three pills. I have an horrible taste in my mouth all the time along with severe dry mouth. My stomach is tossing and turning, making the loudest noises I 've ever heard a stomach make! I haven 't had problems with nausea/vomiting but the diarrhea from this is horrendous! On the second day of taking this I got this huge burst of energy and wanted to clean every inch of my house and rearrange each room! (sort of strange as I 'm still coughing constantly and having a very hard time breathing) I 'm also having trouble sleeping. I 'm not sure that I will be taking anymore of these.
OK im still on Sythyroid and my doctor will not listen to me.He told me to see an ob/gyn and they made me an appointment but i have to wait another two weeks and  my menstruation has gone crazy. Ive been bleeding since April 15 i stopped for 2 days and it started again. all my tests say im normal. i went to the er and they told me everything was fine! im so frustrated with this. No one will listen to me!! It takes 4-6 weeks to kick in i started this medicine in November ive had my dosage changed 3 times. this last time i went from .75 to .88 and exactly 6 weeks and one day my menstruation started early i thought that was just a slight bump but now its out of control! I know my own body i know it this medicine. im sensitive to medications
I started Buspar because I was having anxiety with the horrendous pain from gallbladder attacks. I started out at 7.5 for three days and then was supposed to advance to 15 mg.  During the week of starting this, I had to have an emergency surgery for my gallbladder.  When I was finally able to take this consistently, I found that I suffered from insomnia, felt restless and nervous, dizzy, and down right horrible. I have taken it less than a week and I have an appointment to see the doctor tomorrow.  If I stop taking this, will I have withdrawal symptoms?  Or should I do this gradually?  My gallbladder symptoms are gone and my body feels great after the surgery.  Any suggestions?
I have been taking Ocella for about a year now.  It has controlled my breakthrough bleeding, but the last few months I 've been experiencing EXTREME mood swings, depression, anxiety, anger/rage... I don 't know myself.  Friends/Family notice too.  I am stopping this pill today.  I have a call in to my OB.  I feel like I 'm going crazy!
I was put on latuda 20 several months ago. It made my insomnia worse, increased my racing thoughts and I felt like I was in a constant state of panic. After discussing all of this with the doctor, she doubled the dosage. After 2 weeks with maybe an hour of sleep a night, no appetite, a constant racing mind, and disabling panic, I sought the advice of my PCP. He has been treating me for more than 10 years now and ordered me to immediately discontinue it. I 'm not completely cured by any means but the excessive symptoms are much more tolerable and I can usually sleep now.
I had the copper IUD for 3.5 months. My periods went from 2-3 days and super light (I never even need to wear tampons and sometimes barely liners) to 7-9 day periods that were heavy. I would feel contractions closer to my period (in addition to cramps). The pain with this IUD was unbearable. Anytime I stretched, moved, had sex, etc I could feel it. I had it checked at the hospital and was told it was in the right place. I got several infections (bladder infection/UTI and 3 yeast infections) all within this timeframe. I had constant back pain. If I went to the bathroom, it would hurt to pee or when I pushed. Once removed, I had instant relief and problems went away almost immediately. Oh and a seizure after insertion.
I would rate this a negative 1000000 if I could! It was horrible. I bought the Monistat 7 day treatment and it was the worst burning feeling ever. I would rather just take the yeast infection over that stuff! I would never recommend this to anyone. I want my $16 back for sure!
please be cautious before taking cymbalta.I took cymbalta for 20 months, then decided to quit after changing my lifestyle. After discontinuing my perscription of 60mgs a day I endured brain zaps, insomnia, and eye pain for 3 weeks.
I would never recommend this birth control option ! I have been using it since January 2017 and till now which is March and I have had the worst emotional side affects severe depression and anxiety. I went to ER to get anxiety medicine to try to control this crazy mood changes. I immediately scheduled an appointment to get this removed . I haven 't had an appetite and have felt like I couldn 't work and focus because of the side affects. Please take this seriously I have lived the worst week of my life battling this thinking something was wrong . But looking at all the similar reviews I trust that it 's this birth control . Take care of your body and be healthy and make sure you read before you take something .
I have used MX-2 for 1 year . my hair volume increased,. when i stopped using solution my hair again started falling and my hair line is going back,no use using all dat stuff
I 've been on this for two weeks. When I first started at 10 I had some digestive trouble, nothing bad, and I had some lethargy and brain fuzziness. By day three I noticed my anxiety increasing and constant dull headaches. Day 5 I felt better. Day 7 I got nausea and slight diarrhea. Days 8, 9, 10 I was physically better but more easily agitated. Day twelve bad nausea and diarrhea for 10 hrs. No pill today, just not for me. Still have the headaches through out!
I took this pill for approximately 5 days and I completely broke out into acne like all over my body face, chest, back and arms... and I 've never had acne in my life. I feel like I am a 13 year old child going through puberty when I am 26! I never had any issues on minastrin and was put on taytulla because minastrin became very expensive.  I got horrible fatigue, neck pain, and acne from this medication. Needless to say I will never be taking it AGAIN.
I 'm just trying Trinessa for the first time and I absolutely hate it. Every day there 's a point to where I 'm very nauseated. . Feel depressed and just so sick.. yeah it shortened my period by 2 days but I just hate feeling like this everyday...it may work well for others...just my experience.
Only saw results for the first couple of months.
Friday 2-10-17 I was rushed by ambulance due to respiratory acidosis. I was intubated and stayed in ICU because I took xanex, baclofen, Oxycodone, and clonazepam in conjunction with Geodon. It says do not mix this medicine with those medicines. I did exactly what the Dr told me to do. You have to do your own homework. Be safe.
I took this pill around 5:30 pm and It 's 11:17 and I 'm usually sleep by this time . keeps you up all night, makes you jittery, and it has you feeling like you 're drunk. I hate the way I felt and it worsen the way my sinus felt. also I 've experienced the heart racing and the weird dreams and blabbing off at the month. this product should be off the market
If you 're considering using this I wouldn 't recommend it. On the first week of using this I would find myself hysterically crying on the bathroom floor at night. I got really depressed while on it on the first week. On the second week literally on the 10th day of using this I got hives. I didn 't stop using it hoping it would just go away. Wrong. It got so bad I was hospitalized for it
I used this ONE TIME before sleeping. I put on moisturizer about 5 times the next day, and my face still hurt. Today is the second day after using this product, and my face still hurts, is red, and is puffy after applying moisturizer another five times today. I don 't think its supposed to hurt this bad, even if there is a purging process. I would not recommend this product.
Poisoned me - Do NOT take it! Made me very sick and I felt almost dead !  Military only use it to replace other meds Made me vomit and pass out ! Trust me 4 weeks in and it is only worse. 3/12/17
Take with care if you suffer from focal migraines - instantly brought on an attack for me. Stopped the meds straight away, no idea whether it would help for my Urticaria
This cream will make you want to take your vagina off  it is so itchy! Funny but very true, I will not use this product again. The severity of the itching is scary. I hadn 't horrific nights and ok days with this product.
Almost a week after switching to Taytulla I knew something was wrong. I figured my body was going through an adjustment period, but 2 more weeks went by and every single day has been hell. I 'm nauseous, I get light-headed, I have double vision, and I have a weird taste in my mouth that just won 't go away. The actual gel capsule itself is dangerous too. I have no issues with swallowing gel capsules usually but one day I almost choked while trying to swallow it. Oddly enough, the Taytulla glided over my tongue while I swallowed water. When I attempted a breath, the slippery coating allowed it to slip right into my windpipe. I was aggressively coughing until it finally came back out. My body feels like it 's going haywire, I 'm switching back.
This medicine never made the voices I heard go away-though I 'll admit they were a bit calmer. They couldn 't have been anything but though, considering the fog I was in because of the side effects. I felt NOTHING, not happiness, depression, calmness, anxiety. I saw no wonder in the world, felt no kind of joy. It was no way to live-it wasn 't living. It was existing, and that side effect didn 't go away despite my taking it for months. Another side effect was the weight gain-in three months I 'd gained thirty pounds.
I was foaming out of my mouth, nearly vomiting, anxiety and physical discomfort was at its worst,  I could not urinate even though I had to, I severe hunger and I was in this condition for several hours. Needless to say, I did not or could not have sex. Be aware of yohimbe. It was terrifying.
I had 2 blood clots as a result of a hairline fracture in my ankle.  Consequently, I was given Coumadin April 14.  I started Revlimid May 7.  May 25 I had a new blood clot even though my INR was 3.7 - in range to prevent clotting.  I was hospitalized and missed a Memorial Day party.   The doctors were baffled and thought the Coumadin was not effective.   I disagreed, stopped Revlimid immediately and stayed on Coumadin.  I flew to and from Italy this month with no blood clotting...the food was fabulous although I miss some eating great salads.  (Kidney issues prevent the other blood thinning remedies)
This birth control has been placed in my arm for about 2 months and I have on and off bleeding. I also gained lower back pain. And worst of all I am depressed now and always always hungry. I feel pregnant. And I 'm not. Its a horrible birth control. I gained 20 lbs. In just about a month and a half
Worst side effects ever!!!!!!!
Such a miserable experience. I could not wait to have it removed.Copper inside the body caused pelvic inflammation. The worst pain..
I had my second child October 21. On January 5, I decided to get the nexplanon as a birth control. I honestly hate it. I have had about 6 periods since I 've gotten this birth control. The periods usually last about five to six days with a day or two in between the next time it comes on. I bleed too much &amp; I 'm honestly ready to get this out as soon as possible. It reacts to everyone differently but I guess I 'm one of the unlucky ones.
this is by far the worst pain I have ever been in, I rather go in labor again than to deal with this itching and burning ! They need to seriously take this off the shelves cause this is just ridiculous, my first YI and I wish I would 've just went to the doctor first and read you guys reviews first cause I was honestly scared to use it in the first place. I 'm very sensitive everywhere but I really thought this was going to help me ! This is like an hour in with using Monistat 3 and I WILL NOT be using day 2 and 3.
Did absolutely nothing to alleviate my cough. And now I am feeling slightly nauseated. I actually think my cough was better before taking it, as at least the hacking was removing phlegm. Now it 's a useless dry cough that is just as painful to my poor abused ribs. Thankfully haven 't noticed any warning signs of diarrhea. Hopefully, it 'll stay that way. Overall this product was and unsatisfying waste of my money and time.
Have been using Rogaine for a period of 4 months and no change was noticed at all! It was prescribed by my GP in Toronto and really had a strong hope to have my hair regrown! Because it is an ineffective product, I stopped using it!  It is such a waste of time and money!! I have no faith in Rogaine anymore!I recommend you take your time deciding whether to use it or not before buying it.
Awful. I 'm on day 10 of death. Started out as violent D&amp;V thought I 'd eaten something dodgy as I 'd been in Thailand for a week but day 2 started feeling really awful. Ended up being admitted to hospital after about a week. Had a nebuliser every couple of hours and and IV antibiotic. Chills, shaking, terrible hacking cough, pounding headache, blocked sinus. Thai hospital not much fun with cats wandering around the ward so was pleased to get out after 1 night. They left the cannula in so got pumped full of another dose of antibiotics which in turn made me more sick/diarrhoea. Doc gave me a further 3 days of azithromycin - first dose gave me more diarrhoea and nausea. I have zero appetite and not eaten for 10 days and feel no better at all.
I 've tried this product twice and both times it did zero to help even when applying at first &quot;tingling&quot;.  The cold sore took just as long to heal as when I use nothing.  Plus it continued to spread on the third day.   I applied 5 times a day as recommended and ran out on the 3rd day.  Waste of money.
Sure this med can keep depression at bay but it can also cause some really horrible side effects. After being on this med for 1 yr I went from being a healthy 170 lbs (women 's size 12) to 250 lbs (size 20). It made me so lethargic and tired. I would sleep for 14 hours a day and still be dragging out of bed. About 2 months ago was the final straw. I got blood work done by my GP and my triglycerides were through the roof as well as elevated blood sugar. The doc was ready to put me on meds for diabetes! I 'm only 25 and I just wanted my health back so last week I went to a new doc who got me off this horrible stuff. I feel like a new person without this toxic med in my body. Now on Viibryd.
I have been bleeding nonstop since I got on this medication not to mention my hair is falling out! I can 't even run my fingers through my hair without me losing a handful of hair I always said I wouldn 't get the shot but I have in and I regret it so much!
Didn 't help with blocking pain, I did react by swelling feet and ankles!  Was on lyrica for 6 days and had to go back to emergency because of swelling.
I have a mild yeast infection. Tried taking Diflucan One (1 x 150 mg tablet). Four days later, no improvement whatsoever. Tonight I went to the drugstore and purchased Canesten (3 x vaginal tablets) which I 've used successfully in the past.  Had I known, I would have stuck with what I know works and saved myself the $30.
I have had the Implanon for about 12 weeks and am going to have it removed next week.  Although a good form of contraception for preventing babies, I have found it made me moody, anxious and at times down-right depressed.  Also sometimes aggressive, and my libido dwindled to nothing (rather defeats the object).  My poor young boys think an alien has inhabited their Mummy 's body, and they are the final reason I am having it taken out.  I have been irritable beyond belief with them and never was before this went in.  My husband wants his wife back, my kids want their mum back and I want my life back.  It works for some people.  It has not worked for me.
I just took my first dose Sunday night.  I woke up in the middle of the night last night (2nd night in) with extreme acid reflux, very bad stomach bloating, very bad gas both belching and flatulence which tastes like nothing I can even describe and smells just as bad. Has anyone ever encountered this before with this medicine?
One day in, and I instantly broke out. I 've had clear skin for about a year, up until starting the pill. Each day I took the pill I got another red inflamed pimple. Nothing was helping, and it was making me feel uncomfortable. I read that if the acne was to persist it could be up to 3 months before it went away. I stopped taking the pills after 9 days, and almost instantly the redness subsided. It 's been 3 days since stopping the pill and my face is more than halfway back to normal. On the other hand, I didn 't gain any weight or adopt any mood swings, or bleed - but I was only on it for a week.
Needs to be taken with food. Worked well for about a year then It gave me random bouts of severe depression and fatigue. I think when I was taking this I had more homicidal thoughts. Thank GOD I don 't suffer from these side effects anymore. I 'll stick to my abilify.
Took at 9 am hoping to move bowels the same day, after days of horrible constipation and bloating.  MoM claims it works within 6 hours, but nothing happened.  I took another dose at bedtime, still without any movement.  The following morning I have awful diarrhea.  It 's so bad it gave me an anal fissure and I 've been taking Imodium and putting on lidocaine to ease the pain.  Ridiculous to go from one extreme to the other. Yes I should not have taken a second dose, but thought it would be fine since it did not work at all after 14 hours, and supposedly you can take this daily.  I thought this would just quicken transit time, but no, it stayed it my gut, mushed everything to liquid, and gave me the worst diarrhea ever. Never taking again!
Started 12/18/15.  Female 221lbs 5 '6  42 yrs  old  1st day took 1 pill at 7:30am was sick all day stayed in bed. Day 2 1 pill 7:30am tried to do my normal daily routine  was so sick. So I have stopped til after the holidays  I have to much to do. My side effects are  nausea,  headache, sweats,dizziness , I could feel my heart beat speed up.  I really want this to work. I have tried so many things over the last 6yrs and nothing works  I was doing a workout plan for a 3 days a week for entire year lost only 5 lbs with 1000 calorie a day.
I 've had amitriptyline prescribed for insomnia, non restorative sleep and fatigue. Started at 10mg and now at 50mg. It does nothing at all for me so far.
I took this two hours before getting my first tattoo. Let 's just say I had to cut the session short due to the hell that was rising up in my vagina. The itching was one thing the intense burning that followed was unbearable.  I was seriously clawing at my vagina the whole way home. I don 't think I 'll use Monistat products ever again.
I had tried Zoloft in the past, went off because I was feeling better. Many years later, needed something again. Went back on Zoloft - it did nothing. Tried it in combo with Wellbutrin - nothing. Tried just the wellbutrin - nothing... except a 25 pound weight gain. Everyone says you lose weight on Wellbutrin... uh.. not so much! I gained 25 lbs in spite of barely eating and taking up running...AND.. it made me sweat ALL THE TIME. It did nothing for my mood, but the side effects were completely depressing. P.S. the weight did NOT come off after I quit taking it. My guess is it damaged my already slow metabolism.
Had mirena inserted March 2016 and had a horrible month of cramps and bleeding. Things subsided for a couple of months but now I have heavy bleeding 2-3 weeks a month.  Even though it is just coming up on 6 months I emotionally don 't know how much longer I can take this and it is wrecking my intimacy with my fianc&eacute;. My Periods much worse and much less predictable than before :(
I was prescribed this drug for BV, which like many other women, I did not even know I had until a doctor told me! I had absolutely no symptoms other than a slight odor. I was prescribed Flagyl for 7 days (two 500mg pills a day). I started noticing side effects immediately! I would have given anything to feel the drowsy feeling that most women on this website said the felt because for me it was the complete opposite! I could not sleep at all, I felt like my heart was racing and my skin was crawling, it also made me feel like I had Restless Leg Syndrome and extreme nausea. Luckily on the 4th night with no sleep my sister gave me some of her Ambein and I finally slept. Side effects aside, the drug works wonders, BV was indeed cleared up.
First 24 hours my experience is as follows:I made up a joke about my experience since I had lots of time last night to think about it; I certainly wasn 't sleeping.So I go to this really sleazy bar called  'The Cymbalta '.  I order a shot of E Coli. I 'm still standing so I tell the bartender to pour me some Dysentery.  Then I try a frosty mug of Swine Flu.  In other words, this stuff is like taking poison!My idea for Contraindications.  1) Not recommended for anyone who is actually alive.  2) Not recommended if you are more than 10 feet away from a toilet bowl.Yeah, I know all drugs have side effects, and this probably a transitory condition that will eventually go away.  Maybe.  I just don 't think I can wait for the &quot;feeling better&quot; part to begin
I have been taking Geodon for about 10 months now and unfortunately it has given me erectile dysfunction. I started to reduce the dosage in order to stop but not taking it affects my mood tremendously. Without it I feel hopeless, I cry a lot and it is difficult for me to get out of bed. However, I can 't risk it affecting my sexual well-being (I sincerely hope it 's not too late!) So I guess Geodon did not help me and my bipolar disorder.
A friend recommended so I thought I would give it a try. She never mentioned severe pain. Just that your stomach hurts a bit because that means it 's working. I took 3 pills around 9:30 pm and at 11:30 pm the severe cramping began. I also became extremely nauseous. I was doubled over in pain, it was so painful I had no idea what to do with myself. On a scale from 1-10 the cramping was a 12! It did do it 's job but the severe pain is not worth it at all.
I took it for 12 weeks, when I did the blood work it came back neg..no virus.Boy I was the happiest man on earth, now I have a chance to see my grand babies grow.  Went back for my 3 month check up and found out it came back!What a hart breaker. Not sure what to do next..was told another drug would be available this summer 
I would like to address women who already struggle with depression, insomnia, or mood disorders, like myself. If you 're already bad off don 't do this to yourself, it might be the final &quot;push&quot;. I got the 3month shot (+add-back) and it made me suicidal. My moods went from extreme anger to sobbing, insomnia, HOT FLASHES, and my left arm kept going numb in daily activities! This went on for a month, at 2 months I leveled out. Not far into the 3 'rd month the hot flashes came back, cold sweats (felt like drug withdrawal), and my pain was back! I went to my Ob/gyn 1 week early because of this to find I had grown 11 new painful cysts! It didn 't even work, and to stop it is also unpleasant (withdrawals). Worst med decision I ever made! HELL!
I have been taking plaquenil for over 6 weeks to treat autoimmune hair loss. My hair and itchy scalp has not improved at all. In fact it was even worse for a few weeks. Now I 'm getting sores all around my eyes with a cyst on my eyelid and an inflamed blood vessel. I called my rheumy today to ask for a switch. I 'm very disappointed because it seemed like the best out of the bunch for side effects.
I used this pill for less than 5 full months. The 1st month, I had headaches, breast tenderness and nausea. The 2nd month I spotted for 14 days straight. I even had cramps. I also had nausea and felt really hungry. The 3rd and 4th month were the best! Short periods, almost no cramps. I also had a little acne. The 5th month I started to spot 10 pills in and I haven 't stopped since. It 's been 9 days. I switched pills 2 days ago and I 'm still spotting because of LoLo. It 's not a terrible pill but I don 't recommend it. Spotting continuously is really not fun and expensive. I 'm hopeful my new birth control will get the spotting to stop soon.
I switched from Tri-Sprintec to Microgestin Fe. I tried Microgestin Fe for two months and I actually felt suicidal. I didn 't feel that way with Tri-Sprintec at all so I switched back. Also my headaches seemed to last longer with this one. Extremely undesirable side effects.
[Review Part Six] I haven 't gained any weight, which is cool.My periods have completely stopped, which is also cool because I used to have extremely painful periods.But, I haven 't gained anything positive whatsoever from the Nexplanon implant. I 'm getting this thing removed on January 4th, but doing that isn 't going to bring back the love of my life and his son who I absolutely adored and who my son was best friends with.  Nexplanon is a bad choice. If you 've ever had issues with depression, anxiety, or acne, DO NOT get Nexplanon!  It might just cost you the people closest to you. My recommendation would to thoroughly research natural birth control methods as well as practice the natural family planning
I 've been on the Yasmin pill for about 8 months now and I 've turned into a diffferent person, hormonal, angry, I cry pretty much every day. I would not recommend this pill ladies. So many other options. This pill is literally the devil
Was placed on Vyvanse after extreme weight loss on Adderall. Started at 20mg, upped to 40mg, then upped to 40mg 2x a day. I got my appetite back, but the medication really did nothing else for me. I went into rages and had huge anger problems for no reason. Anything could set me off! I could barely sleep or focus at work/school. Basically, I gained back the weight I had lost, but everything else sucked. I couldn 't make it more than 6 months, my doctor switched me to Adderall XR.
My experience with Abilify was destructive. I am 25 now, and have had MDD since age 10. 4 Years ago I took Abilify for about 3-4months. During that time I experienced paranoia, delusions, worsened depression, and extreme weight gain. I 'd never had paranoia or delusions before and it brought my normal baseline from a 5/10 to a 1/10.  That still hasn 't changed. I also experienced an extreme compulsive desire to eat (did not go away after I stopped the med) as well as total thyroid shutdown (atrophy) as can be affirmed by my endocrinologist. In about 4 months I gained 80 lbs (more than 60% of my original body weight). I will be on multiple medications the rest of my life to treat damage from Abilify.
My first period I got after getting on nexplanon lasted for a month. I am on my second period since getting on it and I have bleed for 3 months straight. I am more emotional than I have ever been in my life this thing is awful I can 't wait to get it removed.
Started this medication due to breastfeeding. Worst birth control ever. My periods are EXTREMELY heavy and lasts forever , bloating out of this world and minor weight gain. After this pack, I 'm done. Will never take this again.
This by far has to be one of the worst forms of birth controls out there.  I got the implant on January 29th and then got my period on February 1st and have been bleeding ever since.  I 've had some of the worst cramps of my life.  Not to mention it has caused me to have crippling anxiety and depression.  This implant has completely changed how I think.  I can 't take it anymore. I want to get it removed, but I 'm away at college at the moment.
After 2 years using this very expensive product every day, my toenails are still thick, yellow and peeling. What the heck??
I ended up in ICU with heart palpitations (over 200 bpm). I only took one tablet of Norflex and this happened almost 6 hours after taking it. Turns out I 'm allergic to orphenadrine.
My doctor prescribed this instead of the Flonase I 've taken for a month. I have severely swollen sinuses, history of sinus surgeries. After a few days of use the headache has gotten so bad I have to stop use. I 've had more bad side effects than benefits, including painful sinuses and dry nose. I 'm better off without it.
This product should be taken off the shelves before somebody has a heart attack from its side effects. I took one tablet and within about five hours had a BM normally.  A few minutes later I needed to go again. Then all of a sudden, I started sweating, and vomiting, and felt I was about to pass out on the bathroom floor.  I made it back to bed and was screaming in pain which went on for the next 20 minutes.It finally calmed down enough for me to spend the next day in bed with a hot water bottle on my tummy. Today is Day 3 post Dulcolax Drama and I am left dizzy, nauseous and weak. If no better by Monday morning, I 'm off to the doctor.  I feel terrible and will NEVER take this tablet again. If you suffer from IBS do not take!!
I did not like this medication nor do I recommend it. I don 't know if I was taking a low dose or a normal dose but I was on 10 mg twice a day. That medication made me feel very tingly, I felt like a rubberband that was stretched pulled, this was a daily feeling, it was scary.  I also had feelings of not being able to control myself. For example when washing dishes I felt that I was out of control. So I hurried and washed dishes. I took this medication for about 2 months, I stopped taking it. I will never again take it again. What did help me with 95% of my anxiety attacks was to stay away from sugar and flour products. Now I rarely have anxiety attacks. More Protein!
I 've been on hydrocodone or Norco for about 10 years 3x 's a day. I 've had S5 and L1 ( I think that is how it goes) maybe the L and the S are in the wrong place. Anyway the two disc at the very bottom of your back. For 2 years as of this past Christmas Eve I was suppose to have the next 2 up replaced. I asked my pain  doctor for 1 more Norco a day. Instead he puts me on Nucynta 50mg. Not working after 1 1/2 years  so now I get put on 150 ER 2x day and 50 mg in between. All I do is hurt like hell and sleep all the time. I have fallen asleep in the bath 
This product didn 't work for me.  The risks did not outweigh the side effects.  I used it after my colonoscopy and had to use other pain medicines as well.
My daughter started taking Focalin XR 15mg in the morning and 10mg in the afternoon. This medicine does not seem to be helping at all and her behavior is worse than ever to the point that we cannot handle her and she almost had to be hospitalized for the second time within a 2 week span.
At first, I had no problems on Apri. Then about a month in I gained over 10 pounds even though I didn 't change my diet or exercise. I also noticed that I became very moody and had random crying spells around my period, which has never happened before. My breasts are also very tender and itchy, and my acne has gotten worse. I never had bad period cramps before I started taking this pill, and now they are extremely painful. Hopefully my doctor switches me to a different pill.
This medication is HORRIBLE! It 's relieves constipation, but only by turning it into diarrhoea instead! Horrible painful stomach cramps lasting for hours, severe diarrhoea, I 'm still in pain and having stomach spasms a day and a half later! Throwing the rest in the bin, wish I 'd seen the reviews on here before taking
I was diagnosed with Stage 4 Endometriosis and had a major surgery. I was only able to take four of the six shots. The side effects are TERRIBLE. I had almost all of them. I took my last shot in March 2015. It has been one month and I am now experiencing panic and anxiety attacks along with high blood pressure. I am only 37 and gained weight now weighing 155 and have a blood pressure of 142/103. I have never had high blood pressure until the third month of the shot. I have hot flashes, night sweats, chest pains that sent me to the ER, vaginal discharge, painful intercourse, vomiting of the day I got the shot. It has been an awful experience. I am praying that when it gets all out of my system, I will not see any of these side effects anymor
I started using Belviq last December. From December to March I lost 30 lbs. I am still on it but it has no more effects. It wore off after 3 months. Although I am still losing slowly on my own.
I had a muscular injury to my leg. I rubbed on the ointment and the &quot;slight burning&quot; the packaging warn of was a horrible burning that I could not remove with repeated washing with soap and water. The intense burning sensation went on for a few hours. 
I feel like I 've been sick for a very long time. It began around early February. I started feeling tired and nauseous. I had other symptoms, but the nausea was the worst. It just got worse and more frequent. My mother talked me into going in and I was diagnosed with &quot;migraine with aura&quot; about a month ago. I don 't feel like migraines have anything to do with the nausea, but that 's all I have to go on for now. The nausea comes in waves and I 've had to stop doing schoolwork because of it. I was hoping the zofran would help, but it doesn 't seem to do anything. I still wake up at night because I 'm so nauseous, and it never seems to end.
After taking 2mg of Livalo for 3 weeks, I experienced several side effects, so much so, I am no longer taking any statin.  Severe muscle pain and weakness and joint pain, flu like symptoms but no fever, even though I felt like I had a fever.  Slight cough, runny nose and extreme lower abdominal pain. Then came the chills.  That 's it.I have experienced muscle weakness and pain on other statins, so my body knows better and I 'm listening to it.
I have been taking this for over a year, and have slowly developed almost every severe side effect.
I was taking 50mg of Zoloft a day for two months and it made me even more irritable and down. I didn 't want to do anything. When I did force myself to go out and socialize I 'd snap at people. Nothing was fun. Nothing seemed to be worth doing. I 've tried both Lexapro and Zoloft. Neither have made me feel any better. I got worse on both. I don 't always want to feel depressed, but at least off of medication I have the ability to hide my feelings from people, not to place other people under the weight of my moods, but on those two medications I didn 't even feel like I had the power to fake it. Zoloft also gave me migraines, ones that would last for a week straight. Glad it works for some people though.
I have severe swelling on my vagina every time I have sex and it 's extremely painful and embarrassing please don 't get this shot . I 've been on been on the shot for two weeks and this has happened . I 'm scared it will happen every time I have sex. And the body pains are even worse shooting down my back and head aches. I 've never had any of this before using Depo. I was talked into birth control by my doctor and it was a big mistake listening to her. I 'll never be on another form of birth control ever . I 've had to much bad luck with a lot of them. : '( I wish I could get this out of my body but I have another three weeks .
At first when I took the shot my life was good. Just recently oct 24th I was due for another one. 2 weeks before the 24th I started to spot. Ok I though because I was due soon. It is now Nov 13th and still bleeding. Due for another shot Dec. I am so over it. It will spot for awhile and then get heavy for about 10 minutes. I am so disgusted.
I felt like I was going to die..I took the recommended doses for 12 and over and I almost felt like I was going to die I was so dizzy throwing up for 2 hours never again will I take this medicine.Check these reviews.
I 'm a health care professional myself and was prescribed Viibryd for depression and anxiety. This medication is by far the worst medication I 've taken. I started taking the recommended dosage with the starter pack. I experienced all the side effects ( nausea, diarrhea, vivid dreams, zaps to the brain).  The worst is I ended up in the ER with a panic attack and these panic attacks have continued. Of course I 'm off this medication immediately recommended by the ER physician and my personal MD.    There are too many negative personal experiences with this medication. Even though everyone reacts differently, there is a correlation.
Wow this medication is effective but is the vilest thing I have ever taken . I felt compelled to write on a review on this website seeing others have been through hell taking that it.First off started to have stomach pain, bloating, winds and general &quot; feeling sick &quot; feeling a couple of hours after taking it, 24 hours down the line and after having ingested my 3rd tablet I had the most excrutating pain in the stomach that got me to lie down in a foetal position for 3 hours, it felt like someone was yanking my gut out of my body. I had fever and chills and also the metallic taste has been non stop present as well. This stuff has severe side effects, I 'm quitting 36 hours into it as it is unbearable 
Horrible! I was on it for a month, and quit immediately. I have migraine with aura. My neurologist told me a secret behind closed doors cause he was a cool dude. He said get off all the crap and once the aura comes chug two beers and it will disappear no aura no headache. He swore by it and so do I.
Was on this for a year, just stopped last week. I started this pill to help with my cramps because I would be in extreme pain from my periods. Needless to say it fixed my cramps but caused me other problems. Gained 29 POUNDS, yeah 29 &amp; I workout 4-5 times a week &amp; eat pretty well. Redic amount of weight to gain &amp; it DESTROYED my skin. I had beautiful skin, with occasional pimples around my period but this made my skin have acne scars &amp; break out every day. AWFUL. Gave it a 2 because it prevented pregnancy, that 's it.
I detoxed from my methadone for about seven days. I went to the hospital and they gave me clonidine. It did not help my withdrawals.
I tried Singulair because I have nasal allergies that turn into nasty sinus infections every couple of months. I also have panic disorder, but it 's well controlled with medication. I was only able to take Singulair for 4 days due to side effects, so I can 't say how well it works. It made me so sleepy that I was sleeping 12-15 hours a day, and still tired when I was awake. I haven 't had a panic attack in over a year, and my anxiety went through the roof on this stuff. My panic attacks were so bad, I was having trouble  driving. I was also moody and irritable the days I took it. Luckily, all of the negative side effects went away within a couple of days of stopping Singulair. Stay away from this drug if you are prone to anxiety!!!
I started opana about 5 months ago, the withdrawls make you feel like you have the stomach bug and flu at the same time. Night sweats every bone feels broken, stomach cramping, strange negitive thoughts that arent real. This medication didnt help at all with my disc heritage, gout, broken foot, sore tooth..first night i wondered if i would make it thru the night. I was on 40mg twice a day 12 hour ER. I wouldnt suggest this medication to anyone. Its hard to require medication assistance just to move, but its even.worse being on a medicaton that didnt help and caused the worst withdrawls of my life. It took 9 days to feel better! Good luck
Been on Qsymia for 1 month. Although I did loose 5 lbs, it came with very bad side effects. Bad headaches, insomnia, and numbness throughout body.
I guess I 'm the party-pooper here, but I find clonidine didn 't do anything for withdrawal. It just made me feel cold (ice cold), weak, totally drained of energy. Like a sick, anemic feeling. Yeah, it 'd make me tired but not in a good way like Libirum or Ativan. I haven 't drank any alcohol in 12  years now, and as I recall it was Ativan that brought me down easy that last time. 
I 've been suffering from anxiety recently and a couple months ago I got put on this birth control to help with my worsening PMS symptoms. I was told to give it 3 months to balance out in my system, but I had to stop after 2.5. It made my anxiety 10x worse than it already was. I haven 't slept in over a week from how bad my anxiety gets at night time. The placebo weeks had me feeling a little better, so I think it 's time to just quit all together. I think if you have any kind of anxiety or depression, it 's best to stay away from this pill.
Worst product ever it made my intolerance worse with nausea,  constipation.  I will never take it again
I took just one tablet of this monstrous drug and I have not shat my brains out like that since I had food poisoning. There I sat, arms clenching my stomach, head between my knees, defecating all of my pride in endless burning blows. My face was grimanced as war flashbacks from that one bad hotdog I ate at that sketchy waterpark coursed through my mind. All I could think of in that moment was &quot;this is how I die. My parents are gonna find me doubled-over, covered in my own shit, their toilet obliterated and their favorite child dead.&quot; If you have any desire to force yourself through hours of grueling spats of gas and shit, this is for you. Hope you 've got some Desitin.
Absolutely NEVER take this med unless there is nothing else that will work! That goes for Levaquin or any of the other flouroquinolone medicines.!!! They can cause dangerous toxic poisoning. I finally found that I am 99% likely to have this. I just didn 't realize what was causing the problems I have had for a long time. But after taking Cipro off and on for a long time I finally have figured out I have been floxed. Now for the long road to healing.....
I am my second day and just took my evening dose, I seriously thought I was dying. The second the medicine hit my lungs I could not breath. It took all I could do to find my rescue inhaler. This was just now the most frightening experience I have ever had with an RX.... I am still shaking as I type this. Beware, I read this as a side affect.... (Rare)....just make sure you have your rescue inhaler close to you. Done with this RX!
With my family history of colon cancer and my bout with colon cancer, I 've been getting a colonoscopy every 3 years.  This past April I was told to use Miralax. It was the first time my prep was not sufficient to proceed with the procedure even though I followed the instructions exactly.
Headache.pain on backbone stomach.trouble sleeping.feeling tired
I 've had mild to moderate acne since I was 14 (now 24, 10 yrs!) and I 've tried EVERYTHING but nothing seemed to cure my acne for the long run. It started getting worse in my 20s and I was determined that it was a hormonal imbalance. After some research I decided to try Yaz... I really wish I hadn 't. I was on it for 3 mths and 1 week, taking it every day at the same time. For the first 6 weeks, there were no changes. After that until I stopped... my acne just kept getting aggressively worse and worse with no signs of improvement. I 've never seen my skin so bad in my life! Clogged pores, cysts, blackheads, whiteheads, pustules started popping up almost daily even in places I 've never had acne. Just didn 't work for me. :(
I was on Lyrica for 3 months and became suicidal for the first time in my life.  I quit taking it right away and after two weeks I was happy and back to normal.  It also made me skin burn all over like a sunburn.  It hurt to even have my clothes touch my skin.  
I had the side effect of being very tired and slept a lot which at least then I wasn 't in pain but not convenient .
just horrible.  I can 't stop crying and I don 't even know why sometimes.  I 'm not me.  I have been bleeding for about four out of the past five weeks, even after the doctor put me on the pill to help regulate.  I 'm in my 30 's and having horrible breaks out, something I have never had before.  Can 't eat, morning sickness, tired, emotional, the injection sight itches, and just not myself.  I hate the way it makes me feel.  I have an appt. to get it out in two days.  My kids think I 'm nuts, and I feel like I am.  I just want to feel better.
Have a chest infection that will not go away so was prescribed these as my first antibiotic had not cleared it up. Day 1 and I think I am dying! Palpitations, shaking, tired , dry mouth after only one 500mg dose. I am now in panic mode and have rung the surgery to see what I do next. Hope this feeling goes away.
I had a major bladder infection and was prescribed Cipro.  I had diarrhea and dizzy spells the entire time I took this medicine.  I told my new primary doctor to prescribe Amoxicillin.  He told me that Cipro is better.  My former doctor prescribed Amoxil and I never had problems with that medicine.
Didn 't work too bad, it takes some depressing feelings but also takes the good ones..... plus heat flashes/sweating were unbearable !
This medication has a lot of side effects and it is gross. It did not help with my symptoms at all partly because I could not get over the taste, and it produces really bad headaches.
I wouldn 't suggest taking diclegis again. First time I tried it, I had heartburn that I haven 't experienced in this pregnancy and my heart raced uncontrollably bad that I felt like I was dying. I followed the instructions that they gave me and I threw it up 30 minutes after taking. I 'm afraid that it can harm the baby. I 'm not taking it anymore. Never want to feel like that again.  Have a terrible headache now. Worst experienced ever.
This med gave me horrible chest pain and muscle aches.  My doctor told me to stop immediately. Sure enough, a day after stopping, these ailments went away and have not returned.
I have been on Septra for about 5 days now &amp; still no relief!! I 'm EXTREMELY  nauseous &amp; I can 't sleep through the night because the pain is that bad. I 'm on my way back to the Emergency Room.
I started taking Lyza on the second day of my period and it 's been 2 weeks now I 'm still bleeding. And this is the first time I have to take pain reliever on my period. Plus I 'm gaining weight too.. this pills sucks
I got pregnant when I took it 2 days after
Was constipated most of the 2 weeks I was on it.  One night all of the sudden I had horrible cramping under my rib cage and a pain that went all the way up my spine.  The pain was so horrendous I was crawling on the floor, crying in pain, screaming in a pillow as to not wake my children.  I would scream at times and nothing would come out. I had tears and mucous coming down my face.  I literally thought I was in hell.  I have NEVER experienced pain like this in my life.  I have birthed 2 children and lived with Ulcerative Colitis/IBD for 15 years. I know what pain is.  I wound up going to the ER and reporting this to my GI doctor.  So much for this &quot;miracle pill&quot;.  I was so hoping this was going to work.
I had a horrible experience on candesartan.  I tapered up from 4 mg to 16 mg over a period of 6 weeks.  Before 16 mg, there was no effect on my migraines, which I usually get around 6 times/month.  The day I started taking 16 mg, however, the candesartan triggered daily migraines, which has never happened to me before in the 15 years since I started getting migraines (I 'm now 44).  It took me 4 days to realize the candesartan was triggering the migraines, at which point I stopped cold turkey.  The daily migraines then continued for 6 more days until I started taking Amitriptyline 10 mg.  As well as daily migraines, I also experienced severe anxiety, panic attacks, depression, and loss of appetite once I stopped the candesartan.
My doctor put me on lyza norethindrone tablets 6 days ago I started spotting on 5th day n still spotting today 6th day is the spotting ever gonna stop or am I gonna have a period nexted ? I was on another birth control n didn 't have periods I stopped the with other birth control pills please help
after being on it for 1 week and no improvment I took another week to slowly get off. Terrible side effects. Panic attacks, chest pain,hands tingling and sever anxiety.I am now back on them and taking Lorazepam to try to get off without these horrible side effects.
My experience on this BC has been horrible I  bleed very heavily before I get on placebo pills. Horrible cramping, hot flashes, mood swings. I got on this pill to make my periods lighter but this pill made them 1000x worst. Definatley switching.
This company should be sued they sell nasal spray that you can 't even open to use! Waste of money. My husband is ridiculous enough to buy this nasal spray again when we knew we always have a hard time opening the damn thing. And the nasal spray itself isn 't as effective it doesn 't spray it squirts lots of liquid when you give it a quick squeeze. Terrible
In three short weeks this drug wrecked my body. I got a skin rash that got infected within 10 days. First I thought, okay, this is weird. I didn 't connect it to the Lunesta... but it was all downhill from there. Brain fog, memory problems, getting lost while driving, etc. Then my whole digestion system crashed. I 'm talking severe pain in my stomach, constant nausea, no appetite, and constipation that would not move without a laxative. Then my body launched adrenaline to fight back. I started switching from fatigue to adrenaline, back and forth. After one ER visit and numerous urgent care trips, I realised it all started with the Lunesta. Buyer beware.
I had Implanon inserted in March 2010. In five months I have gained 25 pounds, I am VERY irritable, I had amazing skin and I am now developing acne.  I was recently hospitalized for four days because of severe cramping and bleeding.  I rarely sleep a full night because I have so much pain.  I have also noticed my fingers getting numb and I am developing unexplained nerve damage.  I have trashed my stomach lining because I was taking so much ibuprofen to control my headaches.  My relationship is on the rocks because I haven 't had a sex drive since April and haven 't had sex in months.  I have also been bleeding continuously.
I have trouble staying asleep.  Doctor prescribed belsomra @ 5 mg. Fell asleep as I normally do,  woke up 90 minutes later just like always.  Took another 5mg, fell asleep,  woke up every hour,  on the hour.  No effect at all. And I 'm not withdrawing from ambien,  I haven 't tried any rx for insomnia.
I had the side effect of being very tired and slept a lot which at least then I wasn 't in pain but not convenient .
I am rating this as  'not effective ' advertising. There is nothing that makes me want to avoid a product more than having their ad pop up over an article I 'm trying to read, waiting for it to load, then having to close out of it without accidentally clicking on the add. I 've seen this ad four times now. If I am ever on the market for a sleeping aid, I would dose myself with something else before buying this.
I am giving this medication a second try since my dry eye condition (Sjogren 's syndrome) has worsened. I am on my 4th day, twice a day, except for today bc I forgot, however, I 'm getting a little frustrated bc my eyes actually feel a bit drier! Out of fairness, to the medication, I will give it a fair and honest try, I plan to go three months, but if I see no improvement, I will have to give up. I have given a Xiidra a 1 based on the fact that my eyes feel drier. The least of my problems are the temporary itching and blurring afterword, which last about 15 minutes.
Good Morning Everyone I am sacred  that I am dying, the Dr 's tell me I 'm not but my intuition and my body are telling me different. I have been suffering from acid reflux for a few yrs now not knowing it because I don 't have acid coming back up or gas or any other usual symptoms. The symptoms for me is my breathing is getting increasingly more difficult and wheezing non stop and persistant coughing with constant chest infections because my lungs are drowning in fluid. This is how I was told I have Gerd .. Dr put me on Dexilant 60mg daily, have been on now for 7 days feel nothing .. no change what so ever except extreme shoulders and upper back pain cannot raise my arms to put a shirt on without it bringing tears. I 'm 53 yrs young.
I 've been taking reclipsen for almost two years. The first 3 months I threw up every morning. To this day, each pill I take I experience nausea. I hate it. I realize now it 's not me and just the pill. I stopped taking it for a month and felt so much better. Also, I have no sex drive anymore so I guess it does it 's &quot;job.&quot;
2007 - Put on 750 mg/day of Depakote alongside Lithium 800 mg/day.  Killed libido stone dead.  Did not help stabilise mood but worked away destabilising good lithium effect.  Found this out after stopping Depakote 2014.  Depakote has caused prostate cancer which was removed by radical prostatectomy June 2014.  So it has caused me to be severely incontinent now, with erectile dysfunction.  This month June 2016 it has been confirmed I have Multiple Myeloma a blood cancer.  Depakote is the suspected trigger again.  These effects result from being put on Depakote for seven years with no investigation of physical symptoms being reported to &quot;psychiatric professionals&quot;
Made me feel drowsy after taking it but then after going to bed it made me have that mixed feeling of drowsiness and insomnia. I had a terrible night using it!
I can 't believe all the great ratings for this. Maybe my skin is just extremely sensitive, but this was the most painful injection I 've ever had in my entire life. I choose though over belly, and I actually screamed so loudly I 'm sure I scared everyone in the reception area. I was not at all prepared for it to hurt as much as it did. The unexpected sharp pain only made my headache worse, and even paired with a shot of Demerol my headache did not clear.
I am 31 and This is my first time taking birth control pills. this thing is giving me acne all over my face! Big ones that I have never seen before because I have never had acne in my life. I 'm extremely tired and sleepy all day but I am loosing weight. I will have a talk with my GYN at my next appointment,I want something else!!! But I 'm stuck between choosing to loose weight or keep getting acnes.
I used Synthroid (25, 50 or 75 for over more than 10 years, but had to use the original, not the generic because generic does not work in some people.  I 've not been operated, but for over 2 years I 've been using NatureThroid (32.5) instead which was recommended by my ND and have to say that all my side effects that Synthroid caused, had gone.  I almost lost all my hair and had terrible heart beats, headaches, joint pains, etc.  I do not have hashimoto, and really don 't know if it works for people with this condition, but I tried NatureThroid and I am very happy with the results.
I got the Nexplanon put in last June, so it has been almost a year. I had many friends rave about how awesome it was and how they rarely got periods from it. I didn 't have a period for a few weeks, but ever since then my periods have been back and they have been worse. I bleed more than I did when I first started taking birth control. I use a Diva Cup and when I was on the pill I would barely fill 1/3 of it in 12 hours now there are times where it over flows in TWO. My cramps are awful, my breasts are always sore, and I 've had to up my medicine for depression and anxiety. I would not recommend this to anyone.
I get really bad migraines frequently and end up in the ER on most occasions.  Every time I go they give me Benadryl and Reglan through an IV.  I have to go through this every time I 'm there for a migraine. There 's only one medicine that helps me and its called Nubain. But for some reason they always have to try the Benadryl cocktail first. Then they try morphine. I never get any relief from these other drugs. I never suffered any bad side effects either because they don 't phase me. Try Nubain if the Benadryl cocktail don 't work. It gives instant relief..
Doctor proscribed this for my period (heavy flow and bad cramps) Started on a Wednesday afternoon and that night I already had stomach aches, nausea and an anxiety attack trying to sleep. Slept maybe 4 hours that night. From then to Friday had these same side effects and they seemed to switch intensities each day such as more anxiety on the 3rd day but the day before worse stomach aches. These two days I had to miss school activities and even leave school early from these side effects. Saturday the patch folded and I had to take it off. Going to try again on a Friday this time, and hope the side effects fade with time. The only good thing I experienced was that I 'd be tired enough to sleep at a good time and not stay up too late.
Worst reaction to a drug I ever had.  Horrible 24 hrs after taking the first 25mg sample. Severe stomach ache, bloating and cramping.  Severe, extreme dizziness...and the drug blocked my morphine and gave me horrible opioid withdrawal effects.  I was close to going to the ER but kept telling myself it would be over soon.  It didn 't happen for 30 hrs.  Felt like passing out...I was a mess.  I take a lot of meds for chronic lyme, fibro and chronic crps pain. I would never take this again.  What has helped me is the otc diet pill ALLI which blocks fat from absorbing in the stomach and linzess.  The movantik was a horrible experience for me and will never take again.... opioid withdrawal symptoms are awful.
I had hallucinations for 5 days and ended up in hospital and became so anxious going to sleep. I now need to take Zoloft for the anxiety. I also reported this to the FDA.
My gyn gave me the 7 day Terconazole 0.4% it seems to work fine and then I had intercourse with my boyfriend 3 days after I finish using and then 2 days later I started to feel sore and a slight itch then the following day I realize that the yeast infection is back. My Dr had also given me fluconazole 150mg tab in case it came back so I 'm gonna try that because it has work for me before.
When I first started using it about six months ago I thought it was helpful. But for the past month to six weeks I really suffered from red itchy eyes so I 'm going to stop taking it for a while to see if that is the cause.
I gave it two stars, only because it keeps me from getting pregnant. My gynecologist suggested this birth control for me because I asked her for something that can help with my acne. First of all, it made my acne worst. I haven 't seen my face this bad since my teenage years. I would also like to note that this is my third month on birth control. I had Aubra before that was given to me at Planned Parenthood. I haven 't gotten a period since I started birth control, but I think that 's because my body is still trying to get used to the hormones. I also do get cramps on the week I don 't take the pills. They are feel so bad. Sometimes I can 't do anything because it hurts really bad and I don 't even bleed when I get them!
100mg 2x daily. Diarrhea to the point of incontinence. Told by doctor to take 2 immodium 30 minutes before eating anything. Ended up being bloated and still have explosive diarrhea. I stopped taking Viberzi and my untreated IBS D symptoms are a heck of a lot better than on the medication, don 't get me wrong I still have urgent needs but at least I can go back to the gym.
I take my linzess every morning as prescribed but yet I still get constipated I can go 3-4 days without having a movement even though I 'm taking linzess
Two days ago I purchased a Blistex tube called orange mango blast. It smells great however has caused my lips to swell and burn.Normally I use the mint Blistex and never experience anything like this.Medicinal ingredients are different. Is that the cause of the swelling?
Horrific. After missing my period for three months the side effects began to kick in and it was more than I expected. It sent me to the hospital with Dysmenorrhea which is horrible cramps but my cramps felt like contractions. It caused me so much pain I would break out into tears. This followed with bloating, a yeast infection, and a two week long period. Horrible and it was my first time using birth control. I immediately got off.
This didn 't help my insomnia at all. If anything, it makes my mind think even more. I have even more trouble sleeping than when I was on Elavil 25mg or Zopiclone 7.5mg. It 's frustrating since I 'm only 20 years old and I 've been suffering from insomnia for 2 and a half years now.
Once it was introduced into my pump my legs felt as though they were on fire this was corrected with bynedryel. The following effects were an intolerance to light that caused migraines also the lack of bowel control and the loss of hearing in my right ear and visual problems that left me unable to drive.I had to go to my doctor and insist that the prialt be removed. He resisted but I prevailed. I have never been that sick with multiple illnesses in my life.  I have had 3 spinal bone fusions and 2 thumb reconstructions with right and left shoulder operations also a right knee operation and countless spinal injections and on and on. Because of my doctors reluctance to extract the prialt. I called the manufacturer of prialt who stopped it instantly.
This generic doesn 't work
I have yet to notice an improvement in my pain.
Had horrible side effects, did not sleep for 2 weeks. Developed tics. Felt like I was living a nightmare. Had to be hospitalized. They took me off Effexor. And I started Zoloft. Zoloft worked fantastic . Took Zoloft for a year. Been off meds for 9 years with no problems.
My wife began the 4 stage process a couple of months ago, and I stopped ithalfway through week 2 because she seemed to be getting more confused.We started again a month ago and are into the 2nd full dose, and I am very concerned that her condition is worse instead of better.
I am 59 , very active, on thyroid and blood pressure medication for at least a year. All was good. Started taking simvastatin due  cholesterol results. Took one at night after dinner  20 mg  for two days. On the second day, while driving , I was getting extremely sleepy. Kept waking myself up by slapping my face. I had a blank moment while driving...woke up when the car hit a kerb with a thud!.Obviously now I don 't think I will take this simvastatin. I will have to tell my doctor that she almost lost her patient and took a few other people off .
Doesn 't help my back spasm.  Was told to take 2 x 5mg tablets every 8 hours but see no sign of improvement.
I have always hurt taking statins and refused for over 15 yrs to take more than a few weeks, because side effects of pain, aching, memory loss. Heart doctor and family doctor pushed me into taking Repatha as my cholesterol was 553. September2016, I tried it and first 2 injections were ok, no side effects. but as soon as I took the third I have been in the most pain I have experienced in my life. Every joint, tendon, muscle, from my neck to my toes. It is now December27,2016 and the pain has just increased instead of decreased. If I lay down or sit for just a while I can hardly move when I get back up. I never had problems in my hands or knees before but feel like I could fall when walking. and hands feel numb with tingling and pain.
I took Ellaone on the 20th April after 3 days of unprotected sex,it is the 7th May and I have not started my periods. A bit worried.
For the last month I have been sick,  very restless sleep,  muscle spasm,  vomiting  for several hours with movement after meds have worn off. I had to stop using Xyrem this month because the same faulty batch I got in January,  they shipped  me again  this month... I tried to call and complain about the side effects.  Unfortunately the SDS Pharmacy isn 't offering any solutions to fix or solve the issue that a lot more people  are dealing with.... So disgusted  with this company
This is the second time trying and all I have to say is never again! I feel so sick. The chills is horrible and I can 't walk I feel so dizzy. I took the pill yesterday at 930pm fell asleep, woke up at 2:30am and it is 9:45 pm and I am still going. This is not for me
I had it put in after the birth of my second child.  The insertion was extremely painful.  Since having it put in I have experienced multiple infections which can only be attributed to the device.  I also have had a change in mood and behavior, which was never an issue prior to Mirena.  I chose to have it removed.  I am happily married and would much rather get pregnant than deal with all of the side effects from Mirena. This is by far the WORST form of birth control.  It 's only good for five years if you can stand it for that long.
I just started my second round of Orthovisc.  The first round was administered by the surgeon and was tolerable.  I had my first shot of my second round last week by a Non Operative Orthopedist because the surgeons within this practice will no longer perform shots and this first shot was unbearable.  My knee is killing me so much worse than before the shot.  Not sure I will continue tomorrow for the second.  I have been bone on bone for 4 years and they refuse to operate because of other under lying orthopedic issues.  I really cannot say it was super beneficial the first time but wanted to give it another try being in severe pain.  I think it depends on the individual as everyone is different.
I was on this medication briefly for my arthritis pain. I would describe it as &quot;many side effects, no good effects.&quot; It had the side effects generally associated with narcotics (sleepiness, dizziness, nausea), but it didn 't help my pain at all.
Awful, swore I was on this before and was miserable but gave it a chance because I switched doctors and we didn 't have old records but I had the horrible flash backs instantly as soon as I switched to this Birthcontrol. I had the following symptoms:Lowered sex drive; my boyfriend even noticed, it became embarassing. Breaking outWeight gainIntense headachesNausea all the time; felt like I was car sick 24/7Severe cramping; never wanted to crawl in bed and cry so much as I had with this med. Heavy periodsInterrupted sleepTender boobsUghh needless to say this has been a nightmare do not do this to yourself.
It works, is all I can say. Started on the sample pack at age 12 (I am 16 now, but will never forget my experience). It worked, I cannot say that it didn 't, but it gave me the worst side effects possible. After about a month of the medicine, I was diagnosed with depression as a result of Straterra. When I took it, in probably 2011, the box said, &quot;may cause suicidal thoughts or actions&quot;, which my physician did not warn me about. Then all of the sudden I was extremely depressed and suicidal and my psychiatrist discovered that Straterra was the cause. He has had several cases before where the mental illness was caused by a drug, and nothing else. Good medicine, just beware of the side effects!
Please consult your Provider before using this product. After using I had to stay home from work and take sitz baths due to vaginal swelling. Unfortunately it worsened Day 2.
I took depo in January while I was on my period. After my period stopped like a few days laterIi started spotting and it never stopped. I told the doctor but they insisted that it was a good method so I took it again and scheduled the next shot. The spotting never stopped, I had a terrible appetite, my moods were changing like. I never went back to get the third shot. I regret ever taking depo. I feel like I 'm never going to have my regular menstrual cycle or have the sex I had before or stop using pantie liners. This is very frustrating.
i took this 50 hours after my boyfriend came in me.im fertile/ovulating, i never knew plan b one step then i saw it online. im in seattle. a week after taking plan b one step, i have a nexplanon insertion schedule, they have to do pregnancy test. what do u know, im pregnant. i dont trust this pill.
After taking this medicine for 4 weeks I noticed no help will my depression
I got the shot during my 6 week post partum. The nurse who I seen highly recommend the depo and said it would be great for me. I spotted a few days here and there and finally got my period 1 months later I 've been non stop bleeding super heavy for about 10 days now. The blood flow are clots the size of mini golf balls . I feel so grouchy and tired. I 'm supposed to go back in for my second shot this month. HECK NO! never again will I get this injection again. I 'm in day 11 of bleeding now. I 'm constantly having to go to the restroom and change at work. I 've been using overnight heavy flow pads since and it 's not getting any better
I was given this for spasms in upper spine and cervical region. I had an anaphylactic reaction to shots and have died. My throat closed up, making it very difficult to breathe, my sinuses swelled and got blocked, inner ear became inflamed/infected, making it difficult and painful to swallow. I experienced intense pain at the injection sites, numbness burning and became unable to use my arms. I developed pneumonia, stomach upset, horrible headaches and pain (worse than typical migraines), general weakness and malaise and lost my voice. I had to pull my throat open grabbing the skin on my throat to gasp for air. The symptoms have lasted for over 2 weeks. I was given prednisone to reduce the inflammation of my throat so I could breathe and swallow a little easier. Horrible!
Have suffered with clinical depression for fifteen years and have been on numerous antidepressants. Have now been taking lithium for 9 months and have had a lot of problems including hands shaking, legs feeling as though they are going to give way a lot of the time, whole body feeling heavy, nausea, parts of my body suddenly jerking, sweating, but worst of all I feel as though I have had a personality transplant and do not recognize the agitated person I have become, the nightmares, my partner is very concerned.  I am reducing the dose to come off it. I have just noticed on this site that it has a high interaction risk if taken with venlafaxine which I have been prescribed with it at the same time.
I tried this drug as part of a clinical trial for my 9 year old son. On the second night of taking the medicine he woke up having an over 7 minute seizure and stopped breathing during one of the clusters. His seizures were lasting 1 to 2 minutes prior and he has never stopped breathing. I had to call 911 which I 've never had to do before. It was very scary. We have dropped out of the trial. I 'm disappointed I was hoping this would help us as well as others.
Took brand Mircette for 2 months. Great for skin &amp; body adjusted quickly to brand only. Had no immediate side effects but the manufacturer never made enough. Was forced to generic. Estrogen placebos did nothing to help menstrual migraine/estrogen withdrawls dibiltating headaches. It was actually worse on this pill. Many trips to ER. On brand I didn 't have the daily headaches. Sex was ridiculously painful on both &amp; 3rd month on brand was unbearably dry in my vagina. Took kariva &amp; had the most dibiltating migraine/daily headaches ever. All dr 's denied the correlation. Had break though bleeding/spotting tampon amounts for 3 months &amp; then anemic. Demanded to be removed off this! Get rid of your gyno if she doesn 't believe you.
I stop taking this BC on the 3rd week. 2nd day on this BC, I started feeling uncomfortable down there. Went back and forth to the Dr during that three week period. The Dr. said everything was perfectly fine and that I should continue taking the BC. I continued to complained about the symptoms I was having. Lack of sleep, itching, crying for no reason. It was horrible. Dr. Kept suggesting to keep taking this birth control. I was told I wouldn 't experience symptoms until 3 months into a pack. That was Definitely a lie. Since all test had check out that I was perfectly fine, I decided to stop taking the BC even though my Dr wanted me to continue. I been off the pill for 3 days and I 'm feeling much better. I don 't recommend this at all!!!!
I have had no prior birth control for 10 years. I have 3 kids. Done. Asked my doc for advice on a permanent solution. He gave me liletta. I 've been bleeding ever since. 8 weeks now. That 's right 56 days in a row of 6-8 saturated tampons!! This is the worse decision I could have ever made. Best birth control. Who wants to have sex while they are bleeding profusely??!! Clearly, not what I was wanting. I 'd rather risk another pregnancy than keep bleeding like this. Postpartum was 4 weeks of bleeding/spotting, at worse. My periods were 30-35 days in between. Now it 's a freaking blood bath of 50+ days straight. I 'm done. This thing in coming out tomorrow.
Gave me cystic acne and it was so frustrating because it is suppose to help with acne. I usually get one or 2 regular white heads that go away in like 2 days but this one gave me horrible acne that wouldn 't completly heal in like 2 weeks. If you want something that help if you 're having this problem go on the patch (Xulane) it made my skin so nice and my boobs grew a full cup size lol! :) no lie
Ive been taking this shot since April 2016 and i swear i started bleeding June 4 and i havent stopped. I have jabbing pain all the time.  I never know when Im going to need a pad. I may go half the day without any bleeding and then then go to the bathroom and bam blood. I recommend not getting this thing it is absolutely awful :(
I 've never bled so badly on a pill before. On my old generic, it was a normal amount.   Now I 've developed problems with anemia.My anxiety is worse.I 've had an increase in paranoid feelings.I 'm broken out like a teenager! I 'm off this pill asap.
I have been on this a couple of months as directed by my surgeon ( one 5mg a day) and I am still soaking all my clothes, mainly back, buttocks, thighs,  torso, and underarms.  I even have to wear disposable incontinence panties - as the sweat just pours into regular ones and leaves wet marks on seats if I don 't.  (I am 40 - so it 's not a big deal for me to wear them)I had the surgery (2008) for cranial, facial sweating, and it was marvellous.  Now in 2015 - my head and face are still sweat free - while the compensatory sweating is out of control. I drink many litres of water a day, but with the amount of sweat I produce, I have to keep drinking or my throat and mouth get so dry that food sticks in it. Waiting word for surgery number two
week 1 shot low dose- GERD kicked in, not really hungryweek 2 shot, GERD worse, burping sulfur all day, still not hungry, nausea, tired all the timeweek 3 shot maintenance dose- GERD all time horrible, sulfur burps, diarrhea, nausea, stomach pains, tired all the time, food is revoltingweek 4 shot - wish I was dead. All the above now at the extreme -  plus now I 'm vomiting, missed work because of it. I will not take it again. Will stick with metformin and start cinnamon again.
I was on this medication for over 14 weeks and it made me into an unemotional zombie. My grandma literally passed away in front of me and I couldnt even shed a tear. It helped get me moving around more but, it wasnt really helping my depression. I wasnt happy at all and my anhedonia still persisted. Also, on top of all that Prozac made me lose my libido/sex drive even after I stopped taking it over 6 weeks ago. Im scared my libido/sex drive is never going to come back. This is why I only rated this drug a 1.
I 've started 50 mg 50 days ago, increased to 100 mg in 25 days ago, increased to 150 mg 10 days ago. It has had no effect except for side effect (weight increase and constipation). I don 't understand because with Effexor I had a response. Thinking to go to Wellbutrin because of the no weight gain.
I 've been using Vidaza for two months after my Acute myeloid leukemia relapse, not too much but I was having 0.02 blast shows in Minimal residual disease (MRD) examination, Unfortunately, the blasts increased to 1.9 , which is mean the Vidaza not work well with me at all :/ So my Dr trying to increase the dose for me and he give me a new medication specialty for Leukemia patients and I 'm going to try Vidaza and this new medication &quot; tablet &quot; for 3 months more , then he will make a bone marrow examination to see if it 's work this time or no :( Wish me luck please:)
Worthless, night sweats.  No relief at all.
I started this birth control because I hate my period. I was on it for about a month and a half and I felt horrible. I had serious mood swings making me so mean and a totally different person. I also had terrible cramping and a loss of libido. I was taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen for acne and thought that this would keep my acne at bay. Um no I was wrong I broke out everywhere! So I decided to go back to my old birth control and I am back to normal again.
I 've been on this for about 3 weeks now. At first I thought it was helping my anxiety a bit but then I realized it was just making me tired and loopy after I took it, and that 's worn off now (which is good but now I realized it wasn 't helping). Giving it 3 stars because it didn 't hurt me except for the tired loopy feeling, and I can 't orgasm easily at all. Also my appetite is gone so I 've lost some weight, which is nice except having no appetite meant I wasn 't taking in enough calories so I was even more tired. Basically it was just pointless and didn 't help.
I had Nexplanon 2 days after giving birth to my son (January 13, 2016) .. And I have not stopped bleeding yet! It 's very aggravating because I want to have sex but can 't because of the bleeding .. I 'm just ready to get it out ..
After taking for three days had a severe anxiety attack while driving a car. Ended up an emotional wreck the rest of the night. I 've never had anything like that happen.
Just started my 6th pack and honestly I wish I didn 't. On my 5th pack I started to experience break through bleeding, brown discharge, for about 5 days. It would then clear up I would be good to go for another week, and then again brown discharge. It happened 4 times on my last pack. So, I 'm on my 6th pack now. The discharge cleared up last Tuesday, it 's now Monday and it 's happening again. SO UNHAPPY WITH THIS. I have went through a 50 pack of tampons in 1 month.. NOT IMPRESSED.I 'm also experiencing mood swings as well. One week I 'm good to go happy as can be, next week I 'm angry and sad. So, I 'm going to my doctors tomorrow to try something else. This break through bleeding is really starting to suck, not only for me but my bf too
I started taking it May 2015, then about 6 mos in, the vertigo started and scared the crap out of me, dizziness, constant sinus drainage, so then the cough, dizzy at times, strange taste in my mouth but the worst was the ringing and another weird noise in my head, it would wake me up in the morning,like morse code. Then the clogged feeling in my head, my heart pounding in my chest and head, so as of right now I am just on HCT, hoping this will just help. Really really bad side effects on this drug.  would take it at night, and would be peeing all night, as to avoid the side effects oh and the blurred vision problems also
I was prescribed this drug for some stress and anxiety experienced due to some work life balance issues. I took it for 5 days only. By day 3 i could not stay awake or focus and let alone feel OK to drive. I felt sick and had excessive sweats. Constipated and headaches, i stopped on day 5. Day 6 and 7 symptoms continued with lots of nightmare and night sweats and shakes. never again.
Been on endep 10mg for 4 weeks .for insomnia. Although it helps me sleep the longer I take it the dopier I get during day. Feel like I am permanently  sedated. Like my brain is shrinking and my head is full of cotton wool all day. No motivation to do anything..
I heard that the 7 day is better than the 3 day, but they were out. So I got the 3 day and figured it would be better than the 1 day. Got home, took a shower, dried off and prepared for relief. I was not prepared. I inserted the cream and got comfortable. Within 10 minutes the itching was 30000000000074 times worse than the YI. And the burning feels like salt on an open wound . I 'm pretty tough and have a high pain tolerance. This is not pain. This makes me wish for death. This should be used for modern day torture purposes only. I have tried to get it all out, I 've taken benadryl. This was a big mistake. I feel so stupid for not just asking my Dr. for Diflucan.
I would never use this product. It took me to the second day before I realized the SEVER itching I felt was from the product and not the yeast infection. I just spent 2 hours in the shower dying from the itching trying to wash it out. Now that I have tried practically everything to get rid of the itch I decided to try the anti itch cream it came with (I didn 't want to trust it) and found that it actually works. But just to make sure your not allergic put a bit on so you can wipe it off if it starts to make things worst.
I&rsquo;ve been on this medication for going on 3 weeks. I started it on the first day of my period and my period lasted about 4 days. I usually have severe cramps but it helped those out. But I just started bleeding again today. I&rsquo;m also having mood swings pretty badly and am nauseous all the time. It&rsquo;s made me really bloated and gassy and I&rsquo;ve never had an experience like this on any birth control pill. Luckily my doctor switched my prescription earlier this week because this pill was going to cost me $166 a month.
LYZA BIRTH CONTROLThese are the WORST birth control pills I have ever taken!  I 've only been taking them for a couple of weeks and I feel like a crazy person.  I 've been crying, (for no reason), been super depressed, my anxiety is terrible, along with daily headaches and break outs.   I realize everyone 's body reacts differently to medication,  but I 've read nothing but negative reviews.  I can surely attest to that.  I wouldn 't advise anyone to take these.   Absolutely awful.
I threw up constantly while using it the first 2 months.  And I had constant mood swings &amp; hot flashes. I also gained 10 lbs.
I developed eczema when I turned 70. I started dupixent with my initial dose 9 days ago. After about 3 days I thought it was working because my itching subsided about 50 %. However I am sad to say that my condition has flared up again. I will continue treatment for 1 to 2 months and reassess but so far I am deeply disappointed.
So many negative side effects. This interacts HORRIBLY with THC, especially as the THC wears off, and exponentially exacerbates the intensity and length of any depressive come-down effects. In my experience it  interacts with alcohol in about the same way. Also it can make women in-orgasmic.
I took the first 30mg dose of Cymbalta and had bad side effects almost immediately.  I felt dizzy and felt like I was passing out.  I only took the one dose but have had insomnia for the past 48 hours.  Lying awake feeling agitated and anxious.
I have been having odd neck and shoulder problems for a while. My doctor seems clueless as to what the issue actually is.  About a week ago I woke up them a lot worse than usual and it felt as if my shoulders had fallen asleep. Called the doctor saying this can 't be normal. Went to see that doctor. Who looked stuff up on some badly done metric. Only took two of the tablets.  Feeling strange - and not at all myself. This is a very common effect of this stuff. Who ever approved and suggested turning off a bunch of random switches needs their heads examined. And this stuff needs to be taken off the market as mostly junk. Just junk. For me it feels toxic and weird and not at all myself. That is not ok.
Didn 't even touch my migraine. I 've tried just about everything for chronic severe migraines, including daily propranolol, Imitrex, Maxalt, narcotics, etc. Only Midrin has helped.  Ran out and tried this. Didn 't help. Didn 't notice any side effects.
I had the Mirena put in a little over 3 years ago after my second son was born. I loved it for a long time despite the fact that I couldn 't lose weight. I didn 't gain any weight but I couldn 't lose weight regardless of what I did. I never had a period either which was great. For about a year though I have been extremely moody, I have anxiety, I got painful cystic acne on my face, neck, even on my head. I am recently experiencing bloating and cramping. I go to get my IUD taken out in a week.
They didn 't help my dry eyes at all.
Went on this birth control and within the first week I was throwing up EVERYTHING I would eat. I was constantly dizzy and had horrible headaches. I was never eating yet I felt extremely fat. My boobs are super sensitive. No sex drive . No spotting but I am extremely moody and I got on the pill to help my face stay clear, but all it has done is make my face break out extremely bad. I don 't know if I should stay on this pill or drop it it has only been around a month so I am hoping the side effects will go away but if they keep happening , I will be switching.
I have forgot to take a couple of times. I am not able to function if I skip I have to go to doctor and beg for more if I run out. I am going to ask to be taken off this medicine and prescribed something else. My last experience was horrible. I ran out for 1 night and when I awoke I was falling everywhere and could not get it under control until I took a pill.
Dont like this medication at all. I have MS and i started taking this for depression/anxiety about a month ago and i must say i will not take another pill as of today! This is a terrible medication, it gives you the weirdest nightmares! And thats when you can finally sleep! Avoid this medication at all cost and anything like it
I fired my doctor for switching me to Brintellix and saying it had no side effects. I don 't know if he was outright lying or just believing whatever the drug company said. Either way he proved himself incompetent. Brintellix has terrible side effects. I was only taking 5mg a day and it 's the worst drug I ever took.
Ambien CR is my most recent attempt to circumvent my chronic insomnia. After taking it I go directly to bed. It typically takes an hour or more to have any affect. I will get 2-3 hours of restful slumber before I wake. Going back to Klonopin &amp; Lunesta.
I thought it worked really well at first but I started getting a rash so I stopped now withdrawal is hard
I have Anklosing spondylitis, arthritis in many joints, fibromyalgia and diabetic neuropathy. I 'm taking 8 of these 500mg pills a day and it is not cutting my pain.
Did absolutely nothing to help with the burning or pain. Just made me queasy and turned my pee highlighter orange. Total waste of $5.
Went to the hospital last night for flu like symptoms. While I was there I experienced a sudden migraine. When I told the Dr. he decided to treat me with a cocktail outside of my usual. He gave me Reglan, Toradol, and Benadryl. As soon as the nurse began to push the meds in my IV I felt the worse burning sensation ever! After all 3 meds were in I began to feel closed in, constricted and overall worse. The nurse ran and got the dr and this is when he decided to reveal that the Reglan can make you feel very anxious, he said it should go away in 10 mins or so, and it did but I will never allow them to give me this medication again. I literately tried to rip the IV out of my arm because of it.
Please talk to your PHARMACIST and let him know what other medications you are taking if you are ever prescribed this medication. I was prescribed this medication for severe neurological pain but my doctor either ignored or overlooked the fact that I was also taking a medication for migraines and I had a very bad interaction between the two medications which led to what I would call bad rage.
Felt horrible, very depressed, lethargic, tired all the time.
I gained 10 pounds in 7 days on this.
I was prescribed Nora b after being off of birth control for 15yrs.... I always had normal periods on time to a tee now I am getting my period for 9 days.... I 'm stopping this med right away....especially after reading all those reviews on in between period bleeding
I used  it for 8 years and I still kept losing hair. If it is good why are there so many movie stars that are bald? For those that it does not grow hair for will be told you are one of those 20% that does not work.
Will never use this product again. Inserted the cream on the first night and felt a little burning right away but not bad. Went to sleep as woke up in the middle of the night with this horrible burning and itching sensation. Completely unbearable. Ended up popping 4 ibuprofen and had to put a cold washcloth down there to help the burning. Ibuprofen definitely helped. On the second night I figured I 'd give it one more shot since maybe it wouldn 't burn as much. Well I was wrong, as soon as I inserted the cream, immediate burning and itching. Ended up going in the shower and washing it out. So horrible.... I threw out the box and the 3rd night applicator. I do not recommend this product to anyone.
Do not take this drug. It cleared up my acne, but it destroyed my mind. I became severely depressed. I 've never had depression before. I would cry all the time. I began having severe panic attacks. It felt like I lost my mind for those 6 to 7 months. It was the darkest place I have ever been in my life. After stopping the medication the damage was done. The depression went away after about 6 months.  But I continued to have anxiety issues, heart problems, and social anxiety. I took this medication 7 years ago. And it wasn 't until about 2 or 3 years ago where I finally started feeling somewhat normal again. It caused anger spells and just does so much damage to your brain and you can 't control your emotion
Terrible, yes it will stop your diharea but it will just hold everything in &amp; make you nauses &amp; after the pill wears over? Diharea again!!
I have been on Trinessa for 3 months. Everything was going just fine the first two months a little irritated at times but I assumed thats just my body getting used to the birth control. Anyway, it wasn 't until recently, half way through my second month up until the middle of my third month (today) I have been beyond sensitive. Tired. Really sore breast and literally cry at random times of day, I just cry for no reason but I feel so helpless. I have never felt so overwhelmed and emotional my whole life. I 'm seriously not the crying type at all. As soon as I finish this pack I 'm trying something different. I have the mood swings.
Was taken off Geodon because of night-time anxiety and put on Seroquel XR. I feel so unmotivated. Sedated. I no more feel better by afternoon when it 's time to take it again.  I dread the next dose. Haven 't felt this depressed in a while.
I have been on Celexa for about 8 months. Starting at 10mg and now I am currently taking 80mg (the max dose). I have seen very little improvement in my depression and anxiety.
I was constipated for a few days so I decided to give these a shot...never again. The most severe stomach cramps I 've ever had in my life, and they lasted for two hours. Two hours of sweating profusely, lying on the bathroom floor crying from the pain, considering how embarrassing an ER visit would be at 3 am because of Dulcolax cramps. It 's like period cramps but a hundred times worse. When the medicine finally did its job, it produced staggered streams of hot lava for the remainder of the night. Needless to say, the intense pain wasn 't worth the small, painful BM.
I am coming off of this med and it 's freaking horrible. Number one: I said it did not work and was making my anxiety worse. My doc kept me on it 2 mg day plus 20mg lexapro. Never again. I have to say it is rubbish because you can 't just stop. Going to a new therapist today. Thank God. Stay away from this pill.
They gave me 150 mg for my cough so i could actually sleep at night but it didnt work for me at all. Didnt stop my cough and didnt help me fall asleep it was pretty pointless because i felt like it wouldnt work. Now im running on 2-4 hours of sleep and a cup of coffee at school trying to do my work.
I had the Implanon placed in November of 2011. Since then I have been on my period almost non-stop. I am only 20. I had it originally because I was told I would no longer have a period which meant no cramping. Obviously not the case. I am extremely tired. I have also had very very extreme mood swings, anxiety, depression and so on. Most of which did not occur until a couple of months later. For a while I thought I had something seriously wrong with until I read other reviews of people having the same issue. I have always been a very happy, laid back person. But lately I snap on everyone from my boyfriend to family. I am having it removed.
I 've quit using Avapro after three days. I am someone who has had chemo, but the side effects of Avapro were worse: Slept almost all day, no appetite, night and sometimes day sweats, nausea, difficulty urinating.
I can say this really wasn 't the right pill for me. I 'm 20 years old and I have a one year old daughter, so I decided that I wasn 't really for anymore babies and I wanted birth control. Well my insurance got cut so I went to the county because a friend said I could get free birth control. They gave me 3 months worth of this one first and after I finish the last month they want me to come back for a check up. I have had severe anxiety and depression for as long as I can remember and I was just starting to be able to manage it on my own. I 'm almost done with the first week on my second pack and I have absolutely no desire to do anything anymore. It 's almost too hard to get out of bed. If you have anxiety/depression be careful!
This drug made me crazy. Horrible mood swings, leg aches, crying spells, insomnia. Yikes!
My mood swings were worse than before and I had no sex drive. My zits got worse and my breasts hurt all the time.
I am 55 years old and went through menapause 2 years ago. I have still got my uterus and after my yearly visit to my gynae he decided to put me on Angeliq for my hot flushes.  After taking them for 3 weeks and noticing absolutely no change, started a period which lasted for 9 days (haven 't had a period in 2 years).  After the bleeding stopped I started with nausea and severe cramping.  Phoned the gynae 's rooms and was told it 's normal and to carry on with the pills but the cramping has got progressively worse so have stopped taking them.  I am petrified to try anything else!!!
My 16-year-old daughter was diagnosed with JIA - psoriatic - almost 2 years ago. She was started on celebrex, methotrexate and then Humira injections. She has changed from pens to syringes for comfort and convenience. My comment is that, since May 2017 she has been in an apparent constant flare-up. Her pain is constant in every joint! She has missed so much school over the last few months and it is now beginning to affect her mentally. We report to the rheumatologist every visit that she is in constant pain but it seems that  'nothing more can be done '. In the meantime, my daughter 's social life is non-existent, her schooling is suffering and she is wary of being away from me (Mum) as nobody understands her pain and its affect. help
This drug has been a nightmare . I have experienced unexplained bone pain in lower left leg and a breakout of  bleeding gums and mouth sensitivity. I did not get any info from prescribing endodocrinologist except that it was a safe drug and that he had prescribed it to his mother!  This has been a very expensive lesson in terms of dental cost and extremely detrimental to my health and well- being.
My mom took this medication and not long after she passed away. I think this medication played a good part. I wouldn 't take it if I was any1 but hopefully it might work for you.
I bought this product and inserted before bed. Instantly I had a very severe itch/burn resulting in me scraping it out. This did not help one bit. The pain is equivalent to satan lighting fire balls and dancing inside my vagina. I am currently have an ice pack to try to relieve some pain.  EVERYTHING DOWN THERE IS IN FLAMES. DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT UNLESS YOU LOVE SLEEPLESS NIGHTS.
This is my 2nd time having this happen. The 1st time was 7 years ago with Monistat 3 and I remember laying on my back in the tub crying trying to rinse the &quot;hot lava&quot; out of my vagina. Fast forward to now...I had a round of antibiotics for a cold and ended up with a yeast infection a week after. I got Monistat 7 because WalMart didn 't have any better choices. My mistake. As it seeped out I could feel it burning almost as badly as the first time. This product is awful. They sell pills that cure yeast infections. Make the pills over the counter! For christs sake if this were a penis problem it would be of utmost importance!!!
I 've been on Yaz for years, and like most people I switched to Beyaz because of the saving card.  I 've only been on it for a month. I have NOT stopped bleeding/spotting since I got my last period. I 've tried different birth control over the years and I NEVER had this problem before. If this is the same as Yaz I don 't understand why I 'm having this issue.  I thought about trying it another month, but I 'm not sure I can handle bleeding for 60 days if this continues.
I used this medicine for about two months. I started out with very mild acne - a few pimples here and there, and I wanted something to help clear them up. I started using this gel and began breaking out worse than I ever have in my life - not just small pimples - large painful pimples that did not go away until I stopped using the medicine. 
It is great and all for giving you laser focus, however after the drug wears off from my system I notice that I get a little bit of a crash. I get depressive symptoms that 's why I don 't take it anymore.
I was given this metal IV and have developed sytemic fibrosis.  I am disabled and now slowly and painfully dying. It causes sceroderma and NSF.refuse this at all costs!
Also wanted to add since I ran out of room on my last post that this medication has also caused me to have SEVERE hot flashes, I 'm going through menopause but my hot flashes were not as bad until I started taking fetzima, after I went off of it for 3 months my hot flashes almost vanished, not as severe and not so many and now I 've been back on fetzima again for 3 months and HELLO HOT FLASHES, this medication is the worst!!!!!!!!
Cipro is a Fluoroqunilone. The FDA has issued a Black Box Warning -- the most severe warning it can issue -- on all Fluoroquinolone antibiotics because they cause so many horrible, longterm side effects (like permanent tendonitis on multiple parts of the body) that may take years to come to light.
I am 21 years old and was on cyclen for 3 months when I was diagnosed with blood clots in my lungs (pulmonary embolism) I have since been informed that this birth control put me at a greater risk due to its higher levels of estrogen. Luckily they were caught and time and I am currently being treated for them. My symptoms started out as a aching/stabbing pain in my mid/upper back that was worse when I ate, then a few days later my breathing started to feel rather heavy. I was also coughing and burping a bit. I also had a bunch of other side effects during the course of taking this pill including: breast pain, headaches, nausea and major mood swings!! I don 't normally right reviews but I would feel horrible if this happened to anyone else!!
I have had hypothyroidism for 20 years. Levoxyl never worked. 
BEWARE THE DEVIL PILL!!The utmost worst experience of my life on Yasmin. The first month was ok..... continued to take it, up until the third month I started to see the side effects creeping through. My hair was falling out and I began to get very thin lining on the top of my scalp which is horrible!!! And looks horrible too. My anxiety  was at its worst I gained at least 10 kilos within four months of being on this pill and was recommended by my doctor to take it as it is one that most likely you wouldn 't gain weight on I guess all bodies are different. However... The 5/6th month of being on this pill was the worst time of my life.... my depression was so high and strong and I felt as though I could not function at all! Don 't recommend it
Horrible experience. Major depression. Strange odors. Ups and downs and crazy periods. All went away immediatedly upon removal. I hated this BC.
Been using it for 2 weeks and at this point skin is the worst it 's ever been. Hopefully it gets better :/
I got pregnant when I took it 2 days after
Have bronchitis after living with a severe cough for 3-4 weeks... went to urgent care because I was unable to get in the same day to my own doctor. I was giving Benzonatate @ 200 mg.,  3 times a day. Along with cheratussin ac 10mg at bedtime... It 's been over 24 hours and not seeing much improvement. This will be my second night and I am guessing I will have another poor night of sleep. I was hoping for a quicker result. Family members are telling me I sound just awful.. not working for me.
Omg! My vag is dying!!! This med burns so bad and itches like crazy. My vulva is swollen and there 's no relief. I woke up out of a dead sleep on fire. I 'll NEVER use this product again. EVER!!!!!!
only few words please check your TB TEST FOR MORE THAN TWO OR THREE TIMES SPECIALLY WHEN YOU ARE ALREADY ON MEDS LIKE PREDNISONE AND IMURAN ....DONT PUT YOUR LIFE ON RISK ..........I AM SUFFERING A LOT BECAUSE OF THE USE OF THIS MEDICINE.....REMICADE....MY PERSONAL SOCIAL AND FINANCIAL LIFE IS DESTROYED ......SORRY IF I AM GETTING EMOTIONAL ......IT IS TRUE WHATEVER HAPPENED WITH ME .........I WISH THAT I WOULD HAVE NEVER USED THIS MEDICINE.......
DO NOT USE. I had a pretty bad yeast infection so my OBGYN prescribed me this. It gave me horrible cramps and then a UTI!!! 100 times worse than the feeling of the YI. I read lots of reviews like this but used the medicine anyways. Do not be like me!! Read this and heed my warning! This shouldn 't be prescribed to anyone. This was not an allergic reaction. It feels horrible and I would take 100 yeast infections over this feeling now. Avoid  this medication at all costs
It was fine for a year, but then made my condition much much worse to the point that I lost everything I ever loved. Please research this med before taking. It is not intended to be used for more than three weeks in a row.
Took it for 2 day bowel prep 3 weeks ago and along with everything else I was taking it worked. Initial BM was very difficult and painful.  Took 2 pills yesterday at about 2:00 pm for constipation.  Woke up at 4:00 am sick and vomited several times with terrible pain. Sweating, shivering and husband found me on the floor of the bathroom at 6:00 am.  It took another hour of the worst pain, cramps and vomiting before I finally went. Then the spigots were open and had explosive, painful diarrhea several more times - sometimes vomiting along with it but always the terrible pains. It is now over 24 hours since I took the 2 tabs and still cramping every 1/2 hr w/some liquid diarrhea. Just trying to keep hydrated. Almost thought about going to ER!!!!!
It worked for the first 6 months, but now I can 't stay awake or do anything productive, and if I miss a dose I get brain shocks and debilitating migraines, so I 'm weaning off it with help from the doc
I am using the ketaconazole 2% shampoo, my doctor prescribed it for my hair loss and dandruff so far my hair loss has increased, and the dandruff is gone. Now I 'm worried about losing all of my hair.
I used to be on SR then was switched to immediate release which made such a difference, now I 'm stuck back on SR, they aren 't effective at all, it bothers my stomach and now I feel depressed and wondering how I 'm going to get thru work
Started a 90 day prescription right after I had my daughter and it was horrible. Gave me anxiety and terrible panic attacks. I had to hop in a cold shower once. I felt as if I was gonna have a heart attack or my chest explode. Just got prescribed wellbutrin hoping to have better luck.
Only took Xarelto for 6 days when I started having urinary bleeding.
I have got to just say this pill hasn 't worked for me. I was given this pill because I have a small fibroid. My doctor just said let 's try this and see if this works. Even though the fibroid is small it is very painful at times. I have been on this pill for about two months and boy does it have me going crazy. I haven 't gained weight or had any acne problems but I have had so many extra cycles and I 'm not talking about spotting. It 's like when I take this pill I start my cycle all over again everyday. I have also been VERY depressed and moody which is usually not me at all. And last but certainly not least my blood pressure has been through the roof! I have decided today I am going to stop.
Injected Praluent 3 weeks ago. I am 74 yr old female, generally very healthy and active with familial cholesterol( not tolerant of statins etc). I had cold symptoms and a mild sore throat two days after the injection. Injected again 1 week ago, completely floored this week, with sickness and diahrrea the following day, stayed in bed that day, the following day and every morning this week as I am so tired ( injected on a Sunday, it is now Thursday). Still have a very red, sore and swollen throat and the symptoms of a heavy cold. I rarely have colds or sore throats or sickness etc. I shall not be continuing with medicine
I don 't know how all these people are saying this is amazing.  6 mg...wide awake.  Brain never shut up all night, crazy dreams when I did sleep which was maybe a couple of hours.  
My doctor took several vaginal samples and tested for yeast, all std 's, and bacteria.  The ONLY thing that was positive was g. Gardnerella, which is bacteria.  She gave me flagyl 500 MG daily x7 days and told me to use metrogel 2x a week for 4-6 months.  Still not better and just finished 5 weeks of the gel, which is 10 doses.  I have zero odor, never had any, but my discharge is like acid.  My skin around the vaginal opening is extremely red and it burns and sometimes I itch.  I 'm majorly frustrated.  I have used desitin and vaseline to try and keep the discharge from burning me so bad (docs suggestion) but those tend to make me worse!  I 'm truly so depressed I just don 't feel like this is ever going to go away.  No sex  for 5 months now.
This is my first time taking it. Keep in mind I spent the whole day moving into a new apartment and haven 't been getting full sleep all week. I took it 2 to 3 hours ago and I 'm still awake! With Ambien there were side effects but at least I slept within 15 mins.  It seemed to calm me but I don 't feel tired enough to sleep, hence, I 'm writing this review. I even turned on my ocean sleep sounds and it didn 't work. I wonder if I could get my doctor yo switch me to Ambien next Monday.
This is the first review I 've ever wrote in life. I say that to say, this is how horrible Xulane is, so bad that I had to write a review about it. I started the patch 3 weeks ago. I was very excited because I didn 't have to take pills, which means you have to remember to take them everyday. With the patch you just have to wear/change them once a week. First week of using the patch I notice a difference in my body. I was very nauseous, migraines was almost everyday, and loss of appetite. Second week, I was very very emotional, I would cry for no reason along with being very moody. I 'm literally nauseous everyday now, I have vomit a few times. Long story short, I have pregnant symptoms. STAY AWAY FROM THE PATCH!! It 's horrible!
I took it for insomnia. I 'll give a two because it definitely knocked me out.  I tried it for about a week or so and the side effects didn 't go away.  I was mindless - a zombie.  I was interested in absolutely nothing.  A friend would point out hot chicks walking by and the most I would give was a &quot;meh&quot;.  I did my school work, ate food, and sat around with friends - just sat there as everyone else had fun.
I just took my first pill, literally 5 minutes ago.  I have to say I 'm terrified of the side effects, but at 56 years only 5 '1 and 230 pounds, I 'm at my wits end with my weight.  I hope to be able to report back that I 've had no side effects and that it 's working.  Reading all the reviews has helped.  Fingers crossed it works!So after one week, I 'm done.  I can 't take the jittery feeling, almost fell at work yesterday, I was walking like I was drunk.  Trying to get a normal sentence out was difficult, my mind was just not right.  I lost 3 pounds but I don 't think it was the contrave that did it.  No other side effects though, just feeling like I was higher than a kite  :(
Have ear infection, which was not cleared by the Amoxycillin, which had no side effects. But problem retuned. Dr said use the Augmentin. Chemist gave me generic brand Alphaclav Duo. Took first (and only) Tablet with lunch, and about 4 hours later the vomiting started. It must be the Clavulanic Acid that is the issue, as the Amoxycillin was OK. Called Dr, who said stop taking it. I just hope the vomiting stops soon, as I feel awful.
Been on this med 3 weeks .Experienced slight nausea daily no impact on sugar levels .
I was given Levofloxacin 750 mg for 5 days, for a sinus infection.  On the 5th day I started having Achille Tendon pain.  I 've been off the medication for 4 days and I now have some swelling in the area as well as pain.  I have never had problems with my tendons.  In my opinion taking the drug was a big mistake and one that I regret.  From all I 've read this condition may not go away for a year if it even goes away.  For me the cure wasn 't worth the horrible side effects.  I won 't take its again or anything else in the Fluoroquinolone family.
I was recently diagnosed with (thin) PCOS after stopping birth control for four years. The only reason I stopped my original pill was because they were no longer manufacturing it. I tried Mircette for a week, in an effort to manage my PCOS symptoms (low progesterone, acne, irritability, no menstruated cycles), and this pill was terrible. It increased my irritability, and gave me the worst cramps I 've ever had. It was so painful, I couldn 't even move/walk to get to the bathroom. My doctor said this is not normal, and to stop the medication. I haven 't tried another one yet, and I 'm considering going back to using my essential oils with natural progesterone. At least it improved my mood.
I was diagnosed with Osteo in 2010 and was put on Fosamax, along with a daily dose of calcium-VitD. tablet. In 2014 the Dr. changed my prescription to Prolia due to its stronger potency, along with the continued Cal-VitD tablet. Though my bone density increased 10% since taking Prolia, I feel the side effects may out weigh any positive bone density increases. With constant jaw pain, I also have unusual problems with my teeth; constant infections, pain in one tooth or another, and Root Canal Treatments needed. I suffer insomnia, something I never had pre Prolia. With no warning or trigger I have constant blood blisters in my mouth, some as big as 5cent pieces. My cholesterol has increased. I feel unusually tired &amp; have regular leg cramps.
The worst birth control. I have never felt more nauseous- I feel as if I am pregnant! I can 't enjoy a glass of wine without throwing up. I 'm sensitive to certain smells, I 'm extremely bloated, and I gained 8 pounds in 3 weeks. I just started a new pack but am considering quitting it tomorrow and going to my doctor for a new one.Extremely frustrated over the side effects that I 've experienced.
Started at 18, was active, normal weight. Started gaining weight right away but didn 't think much of it until I realized I was having to buy larger sizes, but didn 't seem to have BC alternatives as I 'm forgetful so pills wouldn 't work. Over the course of 5 years, I have gained over 100 lbs, hair started greying early, loss of energy, loss of interest in life, and thinning hair, dry skin. Basically depo put me into menopause state, I was early 20s and felt decades older. I went from a size 12 to a size 24. And now 2 decades later, I still have that extra weight on me-no matter what it just won 't come off! I am tired all the time, I hardly eat but still gain weight  easily. Depo ruined my life, it took me as a young adult and made me old.
I have only been on this drug for two days. I weighed myself just before I started taking it and my weight was 174 I weighed myself today and I now weigh 179. Not very happy
This pill has not been for me. I had a period right before I started taking it, then 2 more times within 3 weeks I had more bleeding. It seems as though other raters on here have also had abnormal bleeding due to this pill. I also have a decreased sex drive and feel bloated almost all of the time. I will be switching soon.
I was so excited about taking trulicity because a friend of mine has been taking it and has lost 70 lbs and has been taken off insulin. When I got home from the doctor with my four week samples I sat down and took my first dose then about 8 hrs laters I 'm on the toilet puking my guts out. I broke out in a cold clammy sweat... cold water was actually pouring off my face but even though I was cold and clammy, my skin felt like it was being burned by a blow torch. The literature says that nausea will subside after a couple of weeks but you couldn 't pay me to take it again.  I sure hope others don 't have this experience because it seems to work...good luck to all
Made me mood swingy, fuzzy headed, increased irrational thought patterns, impaired short term memory, permanently damaged recall memory. It helped numb me, but it was almost impossible to be happy on it.
This medicine is very hard my your stomach and didn 't help my pain immediately, It is very expensive.
After 10 weeks of one daily 7.5 meloxicam, I stopped taking it. Four weeks later landed in hospital with kidney failure.......expensive scans, tests etc ruled out cancer etc...  ...Nephritis left me with only 8% kidney function which hopefully will get better.......am under nephrologist care. Definitely caused by Meloxicam. I take no medication whatsoever, not even vitamins, am a healthy 80 year old woman. Meloxicam did nothing for my pain due to herniated disc and sciatica, one or two opioid pills a day would have given me good sleep and healing but I spent two months sleepless with pain.......
This medication is hard to open. Almost impossible. It doesn 't last 12 hours. I am still in pain. I am on low dose and I take twice a day. I have had no relief. Last week went through two injections to my hips and lower back. I have been dealing with my lower back since 06 due to a car accident. I 've had two back surgeries. I have been on all kinds of pain medication. I don 't know what to do. I don 't like how the medication makes me feel. It 's too expensive even with insurance. There is no way I can afford this medication. Without the coupon I would of paid $120.00. I got to my pain doctor on Tuesday. I am hoping that I am taken off this and put on something else. I would not recommend this medication to anyone. Not happy at all.
I was on Brintellix for a short time while trying to transition from Lexapro. Unfortunately it was just not the drug for me. I had terrible nausea that never went away, as well as vomiting. Brintellix didn 't really do anything for my anxiety, either, and I definitely noticed symptoms of that again. By the time I stopped taking it, my depression was actually worse, but I think it didn 't help that I was feeling so bad physically. If you already have digestive issues, this might not be the med for you.
I am getting this devil removed next week. I 've had it in for a year and a half , had it inserted after our 5th baby, and no joke, it 's like I 've given birth every month with these heavy periods.  My periods last 15 days, non stop bleeding especially the end of the period I go through a whole packet of the super overnight pads, it gets soaked through and many times I 've had to leave wherever I am to rush home to have a shower because I 'm bleeding like a tap. Consequently I am now anaemic and have to have an iron infusion next week. I 'm so so exhausted to look after my five children, I 'm a wreck by the evening , and I barely get a break in between my periods now , only 12 days then it starts all over again. Time to remove it asap!
I was on ortho tri cyxlen lo for 10 years and loved it and had no side effects. I had to switch to tri sprintec lo 2 years ago after my insurance wouldn 't cover ortho any more. Since switching, I have gotten horrible acne and I never had acne before, even as a teenager. I 've also become very moody and have no sex drive. I 've also gained between 5-10 pounds that I just can 't get rid of. After reading other reviews on this pill, I was finally able to put the pieces together and realized the pill seems to be the culprit for my issues. Once i finish this pack, I 'm getting off of it. Stay away from this birth control!
Do not waste your money, I repeat do not waste  your money. I have been taking alli over a week now and it has made me bloated and I even gained a pound. Last night was the last straw, as I was washing my hands I had a orange oily accident and this is was so embarrassing it leaked through the shorts and I almost cried. Now I 'm stuck with a bottle of capsules and out $70 a complete waste.
Had two periods a month. Now I 'm on my 4th packet and have had moderate bleeding for about 16days. The past two weeks I have broken out in small hard red pimples all over my cheeks and forehead and they have now spread to my neck. I am stopping them and hoping the bleeding stops. My Doc keeps telling me it should settle down soon so I may need a new Doc as well. 
I was prescribed Macrobid (nitrofurantoin) after my UTI had not gone away with the first antibiotic! It definitely took care of my UTI, but the side effects were and are enough for me to never take this drug again! While I took this I suffered from aches that moved all over, nausea, headaches, my ribs almost felt bruised and it seemed to make my eyes get super tired at night, as I was exhausted a lot of the time anyways! I stopped taking it 2 days ago, and still have muscle aches and muscle tiredness, and it still feels like my lungs are trying to recover from it too. I 'm hoping by the end of the week all of these side effects are completely gone. I was healthy aside from the UTI before I began taking this. Definitely wouldn 't recommend it.
This birth control made my life a living hell. First my emotions went out of control. I was always moody, terribly anxious, and started to become deppressed. Following this came the real reason why I am writing his review. I went on this birth control to help with my irregular and heavy periods. When the day came, I never experienced cramps so painful in my life. The only thing that I can compare it to is when I had to have an emergency appendectomy because it was about to explode. With this my period was the heaviest it has ever been and has been going on for 2 weeks now. This pill did much more harm than good for me and would never suggest it to someone.
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this drug. After being on this medication for about a month I began to experience auditory and visual hallucinations, appetite loss, insomnia and heart palpitations. It did nothing to relieve my ADHD either. Doc tried lowering the dosage and changing what time I would take it, but it made little difference. I flushed the rest down the toilet and stopped taking it after 6 months.
Had very adverse reaction after 8 days of applying cream to chest ended up with severe open skin wounds needed antibiotics, lidocaine gel, silvadine creme, prendisone, oxicodone, altrax, and ambien to sleep sooooooo painful.
I was on Citalopram for two days I started experiencing suicidal thoughts, trembling, insomnia, difficulty breathing, loss of appetite, diarrhea, and night sweats. I was immediately taken off of this antidepressant. What works for some may not work for others.
Caused me to feel tired with no affect at all.
My grandson was prescribed 1 mg Guanfacine at age 9. He was a skinny, active kid. Almost immediately, he began to gain weight. It was most noticable in his face, stomach, and rear. Within 6 months, he had gained 21 pounds. I didn 't notice much of a decrease in activity. Even ,though weight gain was not listed as a side effect, there was no other reason for the rapid increase in his weight. No change in diet etc. When I googled weight gain and Intuniv, I found many other parents complaining of the same thing. At age 10, he developed gynecomastia. That was it for me! I discontinued the medicine, and I would never consider using it again.
bad
Going on the fourth day with no results
I absolutely hated this whole ordeal I have been through. I will start by saying everyone is different and if you are doing great on this medication then I am happy for you. I did not fair as well. It first started with the anger. I am normally not at all angry (I suffer from anxiety and panic disorder mainly) so freaking out about the tiniest things are not me. But I wanted to give it the full 6 weeks so I carried on. Next was the Tinnitus. It was in both ears about once or twice a day (as a 25 year old female this was not normal for me), but again I carried on. Then the horrid anxiety and panic attacks came and didn 't go away. Then I woke up with horrid muscle aches and almost convulsion like tremors. Went to ER and was told to stop meds.
I started taking yaz because of my severe acne, I 've had acne now for about 7 years straight I 'm now 20 years old and Ive never been able to get rid of it. My GP prescribed me YAZ and I 've heard really good stories about this particular pill brand, I took this pill for about the 3 months and my god it made my skin break out completely it was horrible my face was sore to touch because of how big my pimples were and most of them were underneath the skin which was worse. I since then have stopped and gone to a dermatologist (skin specialist) and have been prescribed Minocycline which is an antibiotic and its 100% cleared my skin completely. Note *** I didn 't gain weight on this YAZ.
I 've been taking this medication for two weeks now.  At first a half dose of the lowest dose of 2.5 mg.  I 've experienced side effects immediately.  The most troublesome is the overall fatigue and extreme nausea.  I just moved to a full dose of 2.5 mg last night.   Today my nausea has increased horribly.  Last night extreme and violent vomiting.  I 'm sick to my stomach, weak and some shortness of breath occurred last night and still remains.  I noticed improvement in my symptoms in a few days and now they seem a bit escalated for my breast milk reduced and now seem I 'm producing more than ever.  I also experienced blurred vision this morning in my peripheral vision.  Not a fan of this medication.  #feeling horrible
To be honest I had Paragard in under 4 months and had horrible experiences. Severe stomach cramps which felt like labour pains hair loss, severe depression which lead me to self harm and over dose. Mood swings were very bad to the extent I was lashing out and getting arrested very heavy bleeding where it was going through my clothing and suffered many migraines. After having the paraguard removed it 's taken over 6 months to get where I am now which is am in more control with my moods the bleeding is back to light no more cramps and my hair is now back to long and thick. My depression is now controllable.
I do not recommend this AT ALL! I switched off of Kelnor to Blisovi because I was having long, heavy periods. I would gladly take the periods back over this. Now I have horrible acne on my shoulders, back and chin (which I 've never had), constant breast pain, occasional random cramping, I bled the entire first month and I NEVER have any energy! In the months prior to Blisovi, I had worked so hard to lose around 10-12 lbs... 6 weeks into Blisovi and I 've gained 8 lbs of it back. I never wake up feeling like myself. I would definitely recommend Kelnor or Gildess over this one.
Hated it
I just had my second shot 6 days ago. I will admit that my pain from the endo is a great deal better than it was. I was a few days late to get my 2nd shot and could feel the symptoms coming back slowly. The side effects are miserable. I don 't want to finish out the treatment. Going for a second opinion. Will be trying estradiol today, for the hot flashes, which have been the worst, at least 3 an hour, and all night long. Haven 't had any weight gain so far, weight loss, probably because I am so paranoid about gaining.
I started taking this pill about a year ago and it 's been complete hell since I started. The first week and half, I 'm unbearable nauseous and hardly have an appetite. At first I thought these symptoms would subside, but they never did. The next week and half, I 'm cursed with almost extreme PMS symptoms. Ridiculous bloating, awful acne, breast pain; you name it. My periods last an entire week and I get debilitating cramps, so bad to where they make me sick the first few days. I tried to wait it out the year but it 's only gotten worse. This birth control has given me the worst anxiety, migraines, heart palpitations, and I 'm dizzy constantly. I wouldn 't recommend this to anyone, not even my worst enemies. Please be cautious when using this.
A few years ago, I was setting on the floor getting my bills ready for taxes, leaned forward to grab a bill and got &quot;stuck&quot;.  Could not move.  The doctor prescribed Vicodin.  It caused a blinding headache. Still had the Back pain and the headache was almost worse than a migraine.  
My itching just kept coming so bad it would keep me awake all night. Even increasing the dosage didn 't stop it. I have had no rash just itch from head to toes. I have had to deal with this for over two years and it 's driving me nuts constantly itching. Hydroxyzine don 't work and neither does Benedryl.
I was prescribed for a very painful UTI. After 3 days, I felt no relief. The 4th day, I began to feel better but very fatigued. The 5th day I developed a rash on my scalp. I thought it was shingles. I woke up the 6th day with extreme itching and discomfort. The rash had spread to my shoulders and eventually down my chest and to my waistline. I went to my doctor who took me off Macrobid, switched me to Cipro for another round of antibiotics and prescribed a shampoo and topical ointment for the rash.  I wish I had changed antiobiotics that 4th day. This is miserable, red itchy welts everywhere, and low grade fever.
My GP has done a con Job as they shoved me on Victoza without any info on how safe it is. As they can 't prove stuff they have got  you by the short &amp; curlies. If you continue to take you could be seriously ill later. Think do you want to die - I think not. Get it withdrawn as it causes thyroid problems, plus cancer - who wants this - not me. I told my GP that I wasn 't taking it any more if they couldn 't be honest about victoza
After only 1 week applying the gel on my nose and cheeks I have an upper respiratory problem, runny nose and feel horrible.  One week.  My cheeks burned and itched.  I am a nurse and will NEVER use this gel again.  My doctor 's response was nil..so much for medical professionals understanding side affects of meds they prescribe.  Runny nose, watery eyes, upper respiratory discomfort.  This product is HORRIBLE.And, why must I accept the Drugs.com Terms and Conditions??
I went to the emergency room to be treated for a very bad cold or flu and was diagnosed for bronchitis and prescribed the 5 day z pack. I took one the 1st day,got worser, had to be rushed back to the emergency, and then was told my lungs had swollen (Lung Inflammation).I could barely breath and was hospitalized for two weeks. I never had a problem with my lungs before taking the 5 day z pack.Im still suffering with lung problems at times but cant be treated anymore because i no longer have a job which means for me no insurance, but the fact is the 5 day z pack is more of a danger to your health than help.
I came off Tri-Lo and I started using Yaz to fix my acne (moderate to severe). I also went on Yasmin to fix my acne (it was much much better). I have been on this pill for nearly 3 months and am so anxious to change it. There has been no positive change regarding my acne issues. My depression has gotten worse as a side effect. Usually my PMS starts a day or two before my period, but on Yaz it starts around a full week prior and it 's a lot more intense. When I was on Tri-Lo I only got cramps a bit, and they weren 't very painful. On Yaz, I 've gotten cramps for each period and each time has been increasingly painful. I get yeast infections before every period. I have never gotten a yeast infection before using Yaz!!!
I am on the third month. I am still only achieving 3-4 hours of restless sleep each night despite dedicating 8 hours to laying in bed with my eyes mostly closed.
After reading some of these comments I realize I 'm not alone I just broke down about an hour ago not understanding why am so depressed I 'm not sad but I 'm depressed I am a cancer patient  that is 40 years old and I 've been battling cancer and severely depressed since I was 24 I just recently spent a month in bed because I was in such horrible pain I finally ended up in the hospital because my cancers back once again and they  upped my dose from 30 mg to 60 mg to help with pain and depression. I haven 't noticed that it helps with any pain but I have had all the side effects but I 've read in these comments I 'm so glad I found this now I know to stop taking this med but I 'm terrified of the side effects  to come I haven 't worked since January 5 I get discharge from the hospice house on February 20 and all I can do is go to the bathroom and lay in my chair I 'm fighting so hard to be happy  but nothing is working
After no improvement in pain from cortisone shot, I started the series of three shots 6 weeks ago and not only do I not show any improvement, my knee actually hurts more. Will have to go back to the doctor to see what is going on.
I was taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo a few years back and my Dr put me on this back in may 2016..i used as directed i have had a horrible experience with using this medicine...when i first started it i had headaches and nausea then I started experiencing spotting-Heavy flow then just when i thought the bleeding was gone it was back and a heavy flow and it hasn 't stopped since.... i have been having shakiness, panic attacks, anxiety,depression and suicidal ideation,mood swings, loss of appetite,constipation... I feel very tired feels like I 'm on some kind of sleeping drug.... the only good thing about this drug  is I haven 't got pregnant since using but i will be switching back immediately to the birth control that I was using a few years back..
I was scheduled for Cardio Version to treat A-Fib.  I stopped taking 48 hours before the procedure.  I was told the treatment would take 2 hours and I must lie flat for a total of 4 hours.  Well, 10 1/2 hours later, I was still lying flat from severe bleeding in my bladder - not even where the incision was made.  I was allowed to go home the next day.  The doctor 's PA told me to start back up right away on Savaysa to prevent a stroke.  I did even though I disagreed.  In less than 6 weeks I began to have double vision  and lost the use of my left leg.  My husband insisted I go to the emergency room.  Long story short, brain scan found two bleeding brain masses &amp; I was flown to a Hospital in Phoenix where I remained 8 days
Occupational Health at my workplace prescribed this patch for me because I apparently strained a muscle below my patellar bone... It did nothing for me! Apparently it works for everyone else, so I may just be an oddball. It was like taking a placebo and I am not even taking other pain meds... So it 's not like I have a tolerance level for pain meds... This just doesn 't do anything for me. It was def. a miss. 
Switched to this after Ocella was causing severe migraines. Took about 3 months to get used to it. Had spotting for weeks at a time. Dr said to stick it out. Did and now light, regular periods. BUT now I have acne! I 'm 33 and my skin is awful. My face and hair are so oily it crazy! And now I have severe acne on my forehead, and slight acne on my chest, neck, chest, back and shoulders. It 's so embarrassing. Waiting to hear back from dr on what to switch to. Or else I 'm giving up on the pill. I also have mood swings, anger and very sensitive nipples a week before period. Not a good fit for me!
No bad side-effects, but did not eliminate my DF infection!
This birth control has been HELL for me. I 've been on the shot and I had to stop after 2 years because it drove me crazy and I started having bone issues. So I decided to get on implanon after my daughter. I thought things was going okay but It is not and I really need this thing out of me ASAP. Since having this thing in my arm. I 've had non stop spotting and periods all month, no energy, mood swings, depression, dizziness on a daily and I 've been having tingling in my arm and legs but especially in the arm that the implant is in. I 've also experienced weight gain and sharp pains where the implant is inserted. I touch and feel it on a daily and it is still in the spot the doctor put it in. I think I 'll just go WITHOUT birth control.
I started this medication when I was about 11 or 12 and took it for 6 months. It made me so anxious and so restless I remember having to get up in the middle of class several times to get a drink of water to try and stop my anxiety. I had several episodes of this and always felt that I had to be moving. Maybe I was too young to be on the medicine though...
Our 6 year old daughter was started on this recently after meeting with peds/ psych.  She is adopted -- suffered trauma as an infant.  She has reactive attachment disorder (RAD) and ADHD symptoms of severe lack of impulse control.  We have 7 children and have never used any of these meds, and honestly I was really resistant to doing it, but the situation just got dire.   I will say that nearly instantly there was a change ( 1/2 mg only then up to 1 mg a week later).   Suddenly there were virtually NO discipline problems.  But a matter of only days later she started having terrible side effects (bed wetting, sore throat, constant tummy ache, and it COMPLETELY changed her personality.)  not good. We had to switch to adderal.  Great success.
READ THIS PLEASE!! I was taking falmina for only one month, on my last week of almost being done with the first pack, I started getting panic attacks, depression, and anxiety. I would cry for anything and started getting so much nausea, I couldn 't even eat at all only drink water !! It 's the most horrible symptoms I have ever experienced  with birth control. I couldn 't even be around my kids. I read this site and stories and didn 't think it will happen to me, because I tried different birth control and this never happened !!
Hospitalized for 5 days with DVT in both arms.  During my stay I was given lovenox and warfarin.  Upon discharge, I visited my regular MD and was put on Xeralto.  Thirty days later I was admitted to hospital again, but with DVT 'S up and down both arms. I would not recommend anyone to take this medication.  I had a horrible experience, not to mention scary experience while being on this medication.
I stopped copaxone due to bad reactions. I haven 't eat red meat, milk, cheese, yogurt and white bread.  I only drink almond milk and try to eat heathy.  I am also taking vitamin d 5000 mg, cranberry pills 3600 mg, turmeric pills, fish oil, b12. I been heathy even without injections.  Also praying a lot 
I took this med for an UTI and I developed a severe chronic back pain I also still have abdominal pain.
I had a very bad experience with this drug I gave to my mom this inj.mvi and she developed severe allergic reactions. Hence I feel this as a negative experience
I have had the worst experience with this pill. My face, chest, and back are CONSTANTLY breaking out. I 've never had this problem until my doctor switched me to Cryselle.
I had a horrible experience on this birth control. After reading the reviews I 'm a little embarrassed that I didn 't research it before I started taking it. I took the pill 2 months and experienced severe mood swings, nausea/vomiting, head aches, and spotting. It was a dark brown color and I stopped taking the pill after that experience and because of the mood swings. I would also cry constantly, I initially thought it was due to stress but since I stopped taking it I haven 't cried once. I haven 't been taking the pill for two weeks and I have NOT experienced the above side effects. I know everyone 's body is different and after showing my boyfriend these reviews we both are happy that I 'm not the only one who experienced these side effects.
I wish I 'd googled before I bought it, this yeast infection is moderate but I heard it was better to use week long treatments instead of the 24 hour capsule so I switched to this. MY VAGINA IS ON FIRE. Why is it so painful? Started like 20 minutes after I put it in and it increased the itching/burning ten fold. Why is this even on the shelves?I 'm definitely returning it tomorrow and doing something else, holy moly why is this so painful?!
I am 29, never had any kids and was just looking for an easier way to do birth control. I went to my planned parenthood and was given 800mg of Advil before the procedure. Having it put in was absolutely the most painful thing I 've experienced! I would never do it again based on that alone! I later found out that you are supposed to be on your cycle so your cervix is thin and easy to get through. I had serious cramping for the rest of that whole day. The IUD then led me to having severe panic attacks, daily! I was crying uncontrollably and I have been to several doctors and have been prescribed many different medicines. I took the IUD out against my doctors wishes and my symptoms stopped the same day! I 'm still working out the kinks, but I am definitely 90% better.
symptoms of vertigo, balance issues, discharge, loss of appetite. Really scary vertigo side effects, severe headache on the left side of my head.
Do NOT take this medicine.1 time IV dose.Causes nervous system damage.First Parkinson side effects, then anxiety after 5 months NOT gone.Possible sensitive to other medications.Horribly traumatic.Couldn 't work.
I am a 63 year old female and have had Parkinson 's for 3 years.  Sinemet worked well for me but I was beginning to have down time between doses.  My neurologist started me on Rytary and I took it for 2 months.  Rytary gave me more energy and less downtime between doses but had horrible side effects.  I tried adjusting my dosages but no improvement.  I was unable to sleep, had nausea and vomiting, lost significant weight, had chills and Ivey hands but sweat ran from my face.  My temp after the last dose of the day ran 96.9.  Then, I started having chest pains.  I take Azilect so that may have caused the Rytary to have a stronger effect.  I was in bed most of the day.  Switched back to Sinement with doses every 3 hrs and feel great!
Made me extremely suicidal, cried uncontrollably, had severe anxiety attacks, after just 2 days of it I could  not take it, and it 's ridiculously expensive
Gosh, reading these reviews is making me feel like a sane insane person. I 'm inching on my 3 year mark and I 'm so ready to get this taken out. I 've never experience moodiness/PMS my whole life; I 've always been very even tempered and relaxed. Since getting it inserted I 've experience anxieties and mood swings like never before. Full blown anxiety attacks and sleepless nights. ZERO libido. Moods that are different every single day. It 's SO frustrating not knowing what type of person I 'll be when I wake up. Weight gain!  2 weeks until I get this thing out, can 't wait! A little nervous that nothing will change and that I 'm actually just crazy! Ha! But definitely a complete change from before. Will never get on birth control again
Severe head feeling hot. Felt like head was swelling. Severe swelling of the face. Extreme itching in hands and feet. Confusion. Only took one tablet.
This is the worst birth control I have ever used. I have been taking it for two weeks now and I have literally gone crazy. I 'm not myself at all. It has made me insanely emotional, I cry all the time not to mention I 'm very very depressed and have thoughts of suicide. I am also very irritable and find myself snapping at people for no reason. I would never recommend this pill to anyone.
Hi, I am on this site looking for information for my niece who is has had an IUD for a couple of years. After reading so many women comment that they tried the IUD because of heavy bleeding, I wanted to share my experience. I had very heavy bleeding and painful periods my whole life. In my forties I discovered a supplement called Cool Cayenne. It is a cayenne pepper capsule sold at health food stores. It helped my periods become lighter and cramping ceased. When I felt my period coming on I started to take one or two capsules and this helped greatly. If you are on an IUD strictly for a heavy period ( and do not need one for birth control), then you should research cayenne and heavy periods/cramps.  The brand I took is Solaray.
This medication immediately turned my eyes red and actually worsened my condition. There was the drip and bitter taste also.
I was on Orsythia for about a year. It did its job in that I did not get pregnant, but I had to quit taking it because of the awful side effects. Weight gain was minimal but definitely occurred. After about 6 months my acne became worse than it has ever been, but even that wasn 't the worst of it. Orsythia brought my anxiety to an all-time high, and I was experiencing awful mood swings. All of these symptoms practically disappeared within 2 months after quitting it. I did not have anxiety before taking Orsythia, and now even though it has been almost a year since I quit (haven 't taken another birth control since) I still have bouts of anxiety from time to time. I believe my anxiety was triggered by this birth control.
I took the split dose at 8:00 pm within a hour I was sick to my stomach.  At 1:30 I started throwing up while sitting on the toilet.  I have not felt so nauseous in a long time.  At 2:30 am I was scheduled to take another dose which I promptly started throwing up.  I was still very nauseated until the colonscopy at 7:30am.  I now am scheduled for another colonscopy because the bowels were not clean enough in 5 years even though there was no polyps or any other issues.  I will never have another colonscopy because of my experience.
Very disappointed , 12 weeks in and  no visible results. I am experiencing  very bad back pain every other day or so just got to the point of unbearable at 12:30 am  . will be stopping  otezla
I wanted to try seasonique for the 4 periods a year.  On my 1st month I started bleeding on the 3 week and still bleeding 3 weeks later.  The bleeding is really annoying and doesn 't seem to be letting up.  It 's thicker consistency and small clots.  I will give this a little more time but so far I 'm not happy at all!! After reading other comments it seems more bleeding is expected then what 's advertised!  :(
I am 48 year old women in good health. I did not notice a difference at all. The only side effects I had were some tiredness and loss of appetite. Good luck.
Switched because my old pill was crazy expensive. This pill personally just does not agree with me! No weight gain but sore breasts constantly, lack of periods, nausea, shortness of breath. Been on it since December (now it 's May) and I 've had about enough. My sister was on this pill also and she said she also would go months without a period (which is just get on your nerves).
No affect at all on me. Belsomra does not put me to sleep or even relax me. I never had a med the didn 't do anything. Get something else. I was up all night and exhausted all day. It is useless. I tossed and turned in the dark trying to relax. Nada
No side affects on my six year old the first two weeks except for a tummy ache, the last two nights she has woke up screaming completely tripping throwing pillows scratching her head hallucinating and seeing stuff I do not recommend this pill to anyone.!!!! Expecially a kid she is on the lowest dose 1 mg. she won 't be taking it anymore!!
I only took this pill for 5 days and it ranked up there to be the worst five days ever. I started taking this after 9 months of no birth control pill, but my periods and cramps were so bad I decided to go back on the pill. My doctor decided to switch brands because with the last pill I was on I had a lot of breakthrough bleeding. So I started Blisovi and within 24 hours I was moody, irrational and not feeling like myself. As the week continued I could not get control of my emotions, crying was constant and I began to feel very depressed. I called my doctor and she said to stop taking it immediately. Never again! I felt like I was possessed!
I have had psoriatic arthritis for the past 12 years every treatment failed on me including photo therapy, humira, enbrel, etc.  I was covered approximately 70% and completely covered on my face and head.  I tried stelara and after 6 months got decent clearance I could see my face again.  I am at one year now and at month 10 it just failed hard,  I right back where I started.  I can just shake my head, hair, and face over a sink and completely cover it scales, chunks, paste, and slough from my psoriasis.  I very frustrated .  No one should have to live through this.  I haven 't been on a date in over a decade.  No one even talks to me, I am in complete isolation. I hate stelara because it gave me hope
I have not missed a day of treatment and have not seen any change in my nail. I have one more refill to go, so remain hopeful but doubtful I will see any change.
There are coupons for Movantik but you can 't use them if you are on Medicare or if you don 't have insurance. This is first coupon I have seen that you can 't bypass your insurance (because your insurance doesn 't cover it or you need p/a) and just pay cash. My doctor wants me to try this medication. I have been taking Tramadol which is a synthetic narcotic for chronic pain. I am allergic to all opoids and have major sensitivities to many other medications. After reading the reviews I think I will keep working with buffered Vitamin C crystals and Magnesium Citrate capsules. I had stopped taking all the supplements doctors had me on when the major constipation started but started working w/ these since they cause diarrhea. Prune juice too
I was taking 60mg same time every day. It seemed to work better at controlling my GERD symptoms after about a month. But around the same time I developed debilitating diarrhea. I continued to take it for another month and the diarrhea didn 't go away so I stopped taking it. It 's only been a couple of days so far and it still hasn 't gotten any better.
My doctor like so many others I 'm reading, left it up to me to decide which drug to try first. I have systemic health issues, MS is just one of them on the list. I tried the Avonex pen Monday 12/5/16, and the side effects sent me to the ER yesterday. 5 days of misery. I 'm having trouble urinating, complete body muscle pain when I move, dizzy, and non stop random chills sweats. Its intolerable. Here 's what you need to know that the drug companies and doctors aren 't telling us. There 's no drug to counteract the side effects from this drug and it will be in your system for 30days. To hear this from the ER doctor sent me over the edge. I would 've NEVER tried this drug had I 'd known this. Not to mention the non stop calls from Bio   wallgreens.
I 'm a 26 year old active female struggling to lose weight due to my PCOS. In three months on this drug I lost 4 lbs, the fact that I lost weight at all is the reason I am giving two instead of one star. However, I changed my diet and I started running 5-10 miles a week so I 'm not sure the weight loss had anything to do with the drug at all.I will, however, vouch for the appetite suppression. I can 't eat nearly as large of portions at meals and I do think I would eat less if I only ate when hungry but the problem is that, because I exercise frequently , if I don 't force myself to eat I am extremely exhausted and lethargic. Also the side effects are real, foot and leg tingling, and short term memory issues were both things I experienced
This medicine almost killed me. Symptoms worst at 40 mg but there earlier. I ended up in the ER twice and was admitted to the hospital for days after a month with uncontrollable diarrhea, vomiting and the worse abdominal cramps I 've ever had before anyone realize it was the Viibryd.  I pass kidney stones regularly, so I have a super high pain tolerance and the lower abdominal pain from Viibryd was as bad if not worse than that.  I had uncontrollable leg and body spasms and agitation and anxiety through the roof.  Tapering off the stuff ended up being just as bad, every time I took the tapered dose I felt like I was taking poison and I would go into convulsions. less serious side effects including, eye pain, odd vaginal discharg
Im half way through my second month of this B.C I 've never had acne before just the occasional pimple during my period. I have now got horrible cystic acne on my left check and forehead, I 'm 24 and have been going crazy these past few wks trying to figure it out then I read all these reviews an related to almost ever post on here. I 'm never taking this pill!!!!!!
I was put on Provera for abnormal bleeding due to uterine fibroids. It didn 't help with the bleeding only made it worst. I had clotting the size of a golf ball and bad cramping...was told by nurse it can take up to 10 days for it to work well I was    on it for 14 days and nothing changed.
Took this for a WEEK will never take this in my life again it has messed up my stomach really bad it gave me bad acid reflux nausea, Vomiting - I experienced vomiting everytime I ate and drank the last 2 days today was my last day on it. I 'm scared that I messed up my stomach for good.  I wouldn 't recommend if you have a sensitive stomach.
This was possibly the worst thing the Dr. could have given me . Granted, he didn 't know any effect it would have on me, but never again!  After about a week or two I had to stop taking them. It actually increased both my depression and anxiety. I was always tired, but I was super jittery as well. My mother informed me that I looked like I was on meth. Thanks, mom!
I got this inserted 6 months ago and it 's nearly been the worst time of my life, no exaggeration. I became a completely different person. I feel exhausted, lazy and tired all the time, angry, depressed and I have lots and lots of mood swings. This has nearly ruined my relationship. On top of that I 've bled since the day I got it, and now for six months straight. If you think about getting nexplanon, PLEASE DON 'T!I removed it today and look forward to be myself again. Now I have a sting in my arm, a big bruise and when this all heals I 'll be left with an ugly scar. It was sooo not worth it. The ONLY positive thing this has brought me is that I didn 't become pregnant, but because of all the bleeding I 've barely had sex anyways...
I only took it for a week but it caused horrible headaches that were borderline migraines. They would start about 30-45 minutes after taking the pill and would not go away until I went to sleep. I was naseous and dizzy constantly and I would be very warm and hot. It was also causing heart burn which is something that I 've never had before taking this pill. I also had zero interest in sex.
This medicine has given nothing but trouble. Headache, Feeling sick and worse of all I now have a very itchy rash all over my body which is driving me round the bend.
On for one month, my typically high-patience and calm mood changed to constant irrational mood swings, irritability and mild depression.
This gave me depression. The copper toxicity did not allow for me to lose weight, I had ongoing infections that immediately went away after removed. I had low sex drive and acne a month after having it inserted.  My discharge smells more than usual
I NEVER take time out of my day to write reviews on products however I felt it was necessary for this.  Overall I am extremely unhappy with Zarah.  I am not sexually active therefore I took it more for my acne.  Before Zarah I was on Ocella which I LOVED but had to switch due to location purposes.  Ocella cleared my face up and did not give me any mood swings.  However, once I started Zarah I broke out SO bad on my chin and forehead, Its been about three weeks since I stopped and I am still suffering from acne.  If you are taking this pill merely just for acne, DO NOT DO IT.  I also got awful mood swings.  I do not advise.
I 've had bulimia for 8 years and I was on Prozac for 3 months, nothing changed. We kept upping it every month,. Maybe I needed a much higher dose? Idk desperate but hopeless right now.
I was prescribed Saphris for bipolar disorder. The morning after my first bedtime dose I had a number of side effects. I experienced confusion, dizziness, hallucinations and acute short term memory loss. As a result of the confusion and acute short term memory loss, I unintentionally overdosed on my morning medications resulting in extreme doses of medications. The most concerning was a 900mg dose of Wellbutrin (bupropion) which in doses of 300mg or more can cause seizures.
75.000$ hospital billI was on sprintec for less than a year when I one day fainted. I was taken to the er and was UNCONSCIOUS for 3 HOURS. After CT scans and MRIs they found out I had blood clots in my lungs literally blocking oxygen going to my brain and a blood clot in my HEART. I was in the ICU for a week and had to give myself shots in my stomach twice a day for 9 months. Now I 'm on blood thinners for the rest of my life. Thanks sprintec.  Never use this drug.
Nausea, migraines, upset stomach. In general I 'm very unhappy. Living in hell. Nine pills to go before placebo and I will continue just because don 't want to get pregnant.
After four months with no period I went to the doctor and was put on provera. By the time I got to my second pill my period already started. I 've never bled or been in so much pain. The doctor told me to take between 5-7 since I got it early. As of today I 've officially been on my period for THREE WEEKS. I now realize the wickedness behind pharmaceuticals. They don 't fix you, they cause more problems. My advice to everyone: look up a functional medicine doctor near you. They can fix your cycle, help you get pregnant, fix your thyorid. Whatever the issue is they will get to the bottom of it and they WILL HEAL YOU. NATURALLY. I wish I knew what I know now before getting on these man made drugs with more side effects than I can list.
This medicine was definitely not for me.The first two nights I got horrible migraines, and I had more trouble falling and staying asleep. Then I had difficulty urinating (I know it isn 't a listed side effect, but once I got off it the problem stopped) I wouldn 't be able to use the bathroom even when I had to go for ten to twelve hours, it was very strange. Will not take again.
 I have only been on invokana for a few months.  I have had severe yeast infections that keep coming back.  I just get rid of one and a week later it 's back, its driving me crazy! 
I had a viral load of 400,000, was very optimistic and had no side effects. Phsycologically I felt great, was very optimistic and was really looking forward to a new start to worry free life. How ever after my 12 week course I was tested for hep C and am still HEp C positive. Not sure what went wrong, I guess I must be one of the unlucky 10%.I have ordered a viral load so will see what that is.So for me not effective, but I would recommend it to others as 90% is still a good success rate, good luck to all who try it.
I started this medication 3 days ago and I never get side effects for medication ever.  This medication messed me up. From the first day I started getting headaches, nausea, diarrhea, and vomiting multiple times a day, I completely loss my appetite and the weird side effect I got is hiccups. I literally get hiccups 8-10 times a day. I 'm stopping this medication cause it 's not worth feeling like poop all day.
I was on Brintellix for a short time while trying to transition from Lexapro. Unfortunately it was just not the drug for me. I had terrible nausea that never went away, as well as vomiting. Brintellix didn 't really do anything for my anxiety, either, and I definitely noticed symptoms of that again. By the time I stopped taking it, my depression was actually worse, but I think it didn 't help that I was feeling so bad physically. If you already have digestive issues, this might not be the med for you.
Don 't waste your money. I have taken it for 2 months. Stomach pain, nightmares, strange feeling but no weight loss.
I started taking Latuda a month ago and it is the most debilitating drug I 've ever hadi feel like I can 't move or have any motivation to do anything. Ive also gained 20 pounds. Im absolutely miserable. Do not take this! It 's not worth feeling like a slug all day.
Just over a month a go I went to see my GP after several weeks of battling my old foe the old black dog was not only back he was barking loudly.  I was I admit surprised that my GP who I have only known for three years and who hasn&rsquo;t previously seen me depressed spotted my change in mood before I had had chance to tell him how I was feeling.  I walked out holding a script for a new drug Pristiq and began the medication the following day.  My next appointment to see how I was coping was for last Monday.  One of the side effects of Pristiq is according to the warning sheet my pharmacist gave me was hyper-wakefulness.  Needless to say I had a paradoxical effect I have spent a month falling a sleep during the day.  Later sleeping eight to ten hours at night.  Due to the most awful pharmaceutical hangovers I needed to get up at 6 am in order to be in a fit state to drive by 7.30. My doctor found this interesting but urged me to continue taking the drug as he felt sure it would help my illness saying I needed to be on it for twelve months.However, in the past seven nights things have gone from bad to worse. Every night has been disturbed by the most frightful nightmares. Night sweats and terror on waking from the most vivid of horrors.  On Friday night I lay awake forcing myself to stay awake, I was far too frightened of returning into this new nightmare world to sleep.  My fearful dreams kept me from my bed the following night for several hours I finally went to bed in the early hours I slept fitfully my dreams were again frightening to say the very least luckily I can&rsquo;t recall them in detail by midmorning.  It was on Saturday that I decided that enough is enough depression is more than sufficient without entering a nocturnal world of fear and torment.   While I was only on Pristiq for five weeks it was five weeks I&rsquo;m not about to forget any day soon.   When the treatment is worse than the illness it is time to stop; take stock and in my case back away.   I know that I most probably should have spoken to my doctor but it was Easter and I couldn&rsquo;t see him so I made my own decision. Now only time will tell if my decision was the right one.     But one thing I do know is as a drug Pristiq is not for me.  Even at its loudest a barking  black dog is less scary than a night on Pristiq.
Trazedone is worthless to help me fall asleep unless i wanna wait 4-5hours then i cant get up in the morning.i feel groggy all day.Takes way too long to work even at 150mg.abien works much better
I was on Geodon 7 years.  I was extremely tired in the morning - couldn 't drive.  About 2 years before I stopped, I began to have pseudo-dementia.  Had pseudo-Parkinsonism for 4-5 years.  6 months before I stopped I began to fall - about 40 times.  Three times stitches in head and now knee problem rated 10/10 severity.  Then became comatose.  Husband called ambulance.  Don 't remember anything.  When got off Geodon, dementia and pseudo-Parkinsonism went away as did the falls.
Took this and had the worst 4 hours of non stop dry cough, no relief. Finally took robitussin again and stayed with that and Tylenol to get some sleep. Was really hoping for sleep relief when I came back from Dr. But this was not it.
I was given samples of Diclegis to help with my all day sickness. It seems safe so I was pretty excited to take it. First night took 2 pills and the next morning no nausea but I was dead tired, had dry mouth, and had stomach aches. Literally felt like a zombie couldn 't drive barely made it out of bed. I had to stop taking it because I can 't miss work. The next day I had a severe migraine never had one prior. It could have been due to me stopping the medication or it wearing off but I couldn 't see nor function. I 'd rather deal with the nausea than the side effects honestly. I feel bad but cannot function on Diclegis. Pregnant women are already tired we don 't need to add to it. I 'm glad it 's working for others but thought I 'd share my experience.
Naproxen has not helped my pain one bit. I 've been on one 1000mg tablet a day for 3 weeks. I 've had so many side effects to this medication but my Dr doesn 't care and told me to keep taking it. I 'm also on 1800mg a day of gabapentin (for nerve related pain) 40-60mg of oxycodone a day (for back pain; 2 prolapsed discs as well as spinal stenosis and age degeneration) and 30mg of baclofen (muscle relaxer) even being on all these tablets I still can 't walk or stand for more than 15 minutes at a time unless I have my crutches or a trolley to take weight off. I also have nerve damage to my right leg (to the point my slipper caught on fire whilst camping and I didn 't know until I smelt burning rubber, resulting in 3rd degree burns on top of my foot
I was prescribed Nitrofurantoin in 2006 for chronic UTIs. I took it daily for 2-1/2 years. In 2008 at age 67, I began experiencing serious coughing episodes. I had no known allergies and no known respiratory issues. I went to Health Centre. After multiple tests, I was diagnosed with Interstitial Lung Disease. When I told the doctors about my history of taking Nitrofurantoin for UTI 's, they informed me that one of the side affects of this medication is respiratory problems. They also informed me that anyone 60+ should not take nitrofurantoin for an extended period (2-1/2 years).  Therefore, they concluded that my lung disease was the direct result of taking Nitrofurantoin for an unreasonable period of time.
I 've been having success for years controlling my symptoms with probiotics and a sugar-free, spice-free diet, but thought maybe with Viberzi I could eventually get back to eating anything I want again. You know, be &quot;normal&quot;? Wrong! After just a few days of taking it, I had pain like I have never felt before in my life - shooting up my back and stomach, to the point that I was vomiting nonstop and shooting pangs of diarrhea(!!) Isn 't that what this drug is supposed to cure? It was like the worst case of food poisoning, but with indescribable pain. I remember saying &quot;I 'll take IBS-d over this any day!&quot; I am back on my probiotics and my sugar free diet and finally recovered again. I 'm glad that it works for some people, but not for me. Yikes
Has caused extreme depression with me.
I was on depo 14 years ago. A jerk obgyn gave me this birth control without informing me what it was, he just said a birth control shot. It ruined my life, and partly responsible for my divorce with my ex husband. I only took this birth control for the first three months. I gained weight. Had psychotic thoughts about killing myself and my children. After that happened I immediately went to my doctor for a antidepressant.Extreme fatigue.Had awful mood swings, highly emotional and angry.I felt dizzy, had hot flashes, and had migraines that were nonstop.I had weird female issues. Weird growths on my female parts, UTIs, yeast infections, blocked ducts down there, a weird skin growth..I had welt like acne. No sex drive...
I 've been contrave for almost 2 months I haven 't lost a single pound I still get hungry. Oh my goodness the sweating is horrible please help I don 't know if i should give up on it.
1st injection= mild swelling then relief. Injection 2 = intense swelling and pain. Synovitis. Had to get a steroid shot. Injection 3= they felt maybe the 2nd injection was in the wrong place and wanted to try again I did. Worse swelling and pain. It is not a suck it up buttercup thing. I am an ironman and have had surgeries. This is abnormal and swelling to the degree of not being able to bend my knee to 90 degrees. Nor straighten. It is painful and tight.   Bad reaction not good and not normal.  Now I will be at the Doc Monday 72 hrs post injection b/c I am so swollen I can hardly function.  He will draw fluid off and give me a steroid injection. This is awful anyway - too common.
This is the worst birth control that I have ever used.  I was switched to this when my pharmacy stopped carrying Sprintec.  I experienced three and one half weeks of spotting and horrible cramping while on the pill.  I did not experience these symptoms while on any other birth control pill.
I was switched from vagifem to yuvafem when this generic came out.  The tablet does not dissolve inside and I have experienced problems, including dryness and discomfort and recently, a urinary tract infection that I think may be related to the yuvafem. I am going back to vagifem.  The yuvafem is NOT the same and should be taken off the market!
Did not work for me. Still had the urge to go as often but had a hard time going. Was so hoping this would work for me. Discontinued use.
This Medicine had no affect on my HBP.  I previously took Lisinopril, but needed to change medicines for another reason.  My BP went very high (160/110) even after taking this medicine for 7 days and I had to be changed to another medicine.
I started taking this medicine over a week ago... And let me say I feel WAY worse then I ever did. I started Zoloft 12.5g Bc I was feeling depressed and had anxiety well it 's gotten worse I feel stuck... Heads foggy.... Worsing anxiety... Have no emotions... Panic attacks... Can 't sleep.... Can 't consintrate... Can 't shower... Can 't eat... Idk whether to stick it out or try a new medicine all I know so far this has been the worst thing ever!! I just want to go back to my old self:(
After taking Ultram for pain, as prescribed by my physician, I found that taking this was the same as taking any other OTC NSAID.
Zovia cleared my acne and helped regulate my period with no pregnancies. However, it caused huge mood swings around my period. I was very irritable and sometimes depressed. Also if I didn 't take the pill at the exact same time (or within an hour) I spotted. 
Been taking this for 8 months. I am in the worst health ever and I can guarantee it 's this stuff. I 've gained ten pounds, constantly bloated (which adds another ten pounds basically), horrible acne, chest acne that has left permanent scars (having to put makeup on my chest now to wear anything that 's not a turtleneck!!!!), daily headaches, frequent nausea, I cry all the time for no reason, really bad anxiety. I 've handled a lot in my life, but something about this birth control refuses to work with me, and has me left in a state where I look and feel my ugliest. I can 't wait to get the okay to stop taking this.
Horrible!!!!! I got my implanon taken out and decided to switch to the pill. Biggest mistake ever! I feel extremely tired all the time. I haven 't had problem with acne in years and now all of a sudden my face has been breaking out! I 'm extremely moody. I don 't like the way it makes me feel at all. I 've only been on it for about 2 weeks and will be stopping it asap!!
It was prescribed to treat a bad sore throat. It didn 't help. After taking it not only did the sore throat remain, but I developed vaginitis and diarrhea that took me long to cure. Be careful if your immune system is sensitive to antibiotics and make sure you also take an effective probiotic while on this.
Been taking this med Nifedica XL for 2 weeks n my pressure is still high. I was taking before Atorvastatin 10 mg for my cholesterol , then theDr gave me a new one that is Nifedica XL 30 mg for my bp and my pressure is still high
This product did NOT work for me.  After two sleepless nights I gave up.  My insurance company insists that I stay on this for a week.  What a joke.
Brand name Lunesta works like a charm. I get 8-10 hours of sleep a night. I have never built up a tolerance and I have never had episodes where I did not remember things if I didn 't go to bed right away. I have fibromyalgia and REM sleep is very important. Last month I got the generic brand and I haven 't had a good nights sleep since. I can 't fall asleep at all. If I start to drift off my brain suddenly wakes up. I 'm not even getting 2 hours of sleep a night and that is after laying there till it 's almost time to get up and I take 2 muscle relaxers to get a little sleep. Now my pain is unbearable.
Has anyone on here tried Nuvaring and had an extremely poor experience? I was looking for new BC and my doctor recommended Nuvaring. NEVER AGAIN. EVER. I have only had it in for two days and have felt very nauseous, extremely tired, dizzy, angry, depressed, and have had a terrible headache and cramping. I 've been so dizzy and my stomach has hurt so bad I couldn 't even get out of bed. As soon as I put it in I immediately felt different and in the most awful way. I just took it out and I 'm throwing the rest away. Like I said, never again. I 've heard some people have great experiences with it, but that certainly wasn 't mine. I just want to feel normal again and hopefully will soon. Anyone else experience symptoms like this while using it?
While it did prevent pregnancy while I was using it, it has also stolen every bit of desire for sex I once had, putting a huge strain on my marriage. 
This has to be the worst birth control on the market.  I have been bleeding (heavier than my cycle bleeding) nonstop since the 4th day I have taken this medicine.  It has been over 2 months 3 weeks now.....Today is the day I refuse to take another pill; I am at my doctor right now praying she gives me something different.
This medicine gave me a panic attack shortly after I took it.never took it again
I was on the Depo shot the first 3 months were great. Loved it well I went in to get my second shot and they gave it to me in the stomach. I bled for three months STRAIGHT.I lgot contact dermatitis in my vaginal opening and soreness from the tampons. I wasn 't dry just irritated down there. Well I couldn 't take it anymore and my hormones were crazy. My boyfriend and I started dating in the mix of all this. Everything was fine for the first two months. So while I was on the depo my GYNO put me on a progesterone tablet to stop the bleeding, which worked. I ran out of those and started bleeding again. She put me in LOLO worse mistake of my life the bleeding has stopped but I have been awful. Mean dryness and irritation. 4 months In I 'm done!
After 60 days I saw ZERO improvement.My big right toe is as enlarged as ever.I am grateful, from what I read, that I never had any pain.For this price for a generic, no less.,I have to seriously consider having my doctor move meon to another treatment.
Serious burning.  I was running around the house in pain and discomfort.  I thought I would have to go to Dr.  I am emailing Dr. tonight.  This is worse than before I used the Ovule.  Seems more itching now.  I 'm seriously wondering why I did not see the notes from other ladies before I spend $25.00.  The cost is really not it, it is the pain and lack of relief.  I can 't go to work like this seriously tomorrow!
I was on a 3 month trial period for this brand &amp; absolutely HATED it. I couldnt wait to be done with it. The only thing I can say postively is it did regulate my periods &amp; they were lighter.From week one of my first pack, I noticed severe cystic acne. I 'll have an occasional flare up on my chin here and there, normally. But I started getting them EVERYWHERE on my face, and they never ceased as the months went on.Also, I had severe mood swings and depression, and was putting a strain on my relationship with my fianc
I have osteoporosis.  Im 50.  Had hysteretomy at 45. Took Forteo for full 2 years after I broken a hip at 47.  Dexa showed no improvement.  Very disappointed in Forteo.
Given two of the 5 mg in nasal  spray form ( at neurologist for my Rxs that control my 20 year history of cervical dystonia).  Was on my second day of latest sinus headache the neuros always insist are migraines. Had them since I was a small child and they are sinus related.  Spray did nothing.  I got rid of it by eating   hot mashed potatoes with three or more tablespoons of crushed hot pepper flakes. That was over an hour and a half of the non effective 5 mg Zomig. Hot spicy food worked instantly. Happy for those it works for...but I 've often conquered mine with two gel cap ibuprofen.  And or a damp hand towel in a plastic grocery bag heated in microwave and put on forehead.  Mine are more stubborn over 50 years. Try other things 1st
My son is autistic he is 10 years old, my son 's Dr recommend risperdal for him because of his aggressive behaviors. After 3 months on the medication he has been more agitated and he put on 15 pounds. So the Dr wants to increase the medicine.  I will not be doing this increased
I 've been on Contrave for just over 8 weeks now.  I never experienced any of the side effects.  I also have not lost any weight.  I don 't feel any differently about food and can 't say I feel any less hungry.  I am so disappointed and frustrated.  Today I called Contrave to ask about the Scale Down program.  I learned it involves getting a free smart scale.  You can keep the scale but after 90 days if you want to keep the &quot;smart&quot; function you have to pay for the service.  I also told him that I had not lost any weight and he said this is an &quot;adverse effect&quot; and that he needs to report it as such??   A colleague of mine uses this product and has great success.
I had Synvisc injections in my knees last year and they didn 't seem to help much, this year I got the Orthovisc injections and they have really made my knee joints hurt much worse than before taking them
Taking it now for almost a year can see very little benefit.Still get chest infections ,shortage of breath etc
I 'm a 17 year old female. I have OCD and anxiety and this has done nothing for me! I take 7.5 mg 3 x a day and I wish I could take something else. I 've been out of school for like a month because of my anxiety.
Very disappointed.  Have been on Belviq for more than 6 months.  Was diagnosed with diabetes 3 years ago and lost 90 pounds by changing my diet and exercising.  Still had more weight to loose, so I asked the doctor about Belviq.  He started me on the drug.  Not only did I not loose additional weight, I have actually gained 10 pounds since I began taking it.  Nothing else has changed.  Still eating the same foods in the same quantities.
I tried a free sample of Lunesta for my insomnia for a few days. I felt a lingering bad taste in my mouth. I quit taking it. It was worse than Ambien CR 's side effects, which made me anxious and irritable next morning. I tried Silenor and I am still taking it. Its side effect is very mild. I just drink coke to concentrate on my work next day.
I tried the shot twice once on August 2010 and recently started again in May. First time was bad I had really bad anxiety and moodiness, which at first I thought it was hormones from having the baby. I couldn 't lose weight even though I was exercising everyday. After the 3 months the first time no more moodiness like before when I was on it. I had also lose weight and things were back to normal. I wanted to try again because I only did it once but again it has been a bad experience. 
This pill is a nightmare!!!! I have had clear skin all of my life and enjoyed makeup as a hobby, now I absolutely hate it because I feel like it is an obligation to cover up the disgusting, painful cysts that this pill has caused!!! My self esteem is extremely low, I don 't remember the last time I saw my real face and felt confident. I will be seeing my doctor very soon to get off of this terrible terrible terrible pill!!!
This medication did not work for me.
I am on my seventh day on Macrobid and still having UTI symptoms.  I have nausea, headache, abdominal cramping, irritability, loss of appetite, weakness, joint aches, and tiredness.  This is the most ridiculous antibiotic that I 've ever taken!  It makes me feel like I 've been hit by a bus and still doesn 't seem like the UTI is better.
I got this implant hoping it would be the best decision of my life. Instead, I think this is the most miserable I 've ever been. I 've been spotting for an entire month, and it looks like it 's not stopping anytime soon. I called the doctor 2 weeks into the spotting, and they told me if it continued to call them the next week. I called them the next week, they brought me in to test for anemia. They find out I don 't have it, and the doctor tells me they want me to wait until the 3 month adjustment period is over (May 25) before they decide to give me medication. I get more and more frustrated everyday. I don 't know if it 's worth waiting till May so I can get medication or if I should just get it out soon and be done with this.
My doctor tried Lexapro with me starting at the lowest dose of 5 mg all the way up to 20 mg.  Lexapro just didn 't help with my depression.  It 's one of those drugs that either works for you or not at all for others.
I trust you 'll take this medication off the market.  The before/after photos on your television ads show no visible improvements as compared with ProActive.  Don 't buy this junk: The side effects are awful.
I have been on Amantadine for 2 weeks now for MS fatigue.  Had absolutely no change in my symptoms, and I certainly have not had insomnia which I was warned about. Quite the opposite,
I am a 44yr woman l have been taking for two weeks now I am taking two  twice a day now and no results at all. This is so discouraging since l was dieting before the pills l workout 5-7 days a week and nothing. l will finish my bottle being it cost $92.00 but that 's it for me, l am happy to see it works for some just not me.
I am NOT new to HIV or HIV treatment. I 've known my status since 1994 (1st test). I have been through all of the initial Protease Inhibitor drugs from the mid 1990 's &amp; the plethora of severe side affects they provided.I was switched to Triumeq in late Feb, 2016, NOT due to having a detectable viral load, but due to increasing diarrhea on my last drug combination which included Epzicom, Norvir &amp; Prezista. I wish I never complained about the diarrhea because I am still suffering from extreme headaches nine (9) days after stopping Triumeq. I am on continuous pain killers because these headaches are CONSTANT. Triumeq for me is a complete disaster. I took a full month of Triumeq.
I suffer from chronic pain, depression and anxiety for the past 10 years and I 'm 30.  Football ruined my life, but cymbalta has made it worse.  Not only did I NOT receive any benefit from cymbalta but I gave it the a serious 2 month try and I 'm not spending 90% of my time withdrawing from it.  I cannot imagine if I was on this a year, let alone ten.  If this medicine helps you, I would weigh the benefits seriously- because either you 're going to the grave with this medicine or you 're going to have to feel the &quot;benefits&quot; of coming off of this poison. Beware.. because no doctor will tell you these things.  Worse than 2 years of clonazepam, alcohol, or opiates... no joke.  Hope this helps someone!
Had implant fitted 13th December 2014. Had one period in December and then nothing for two months. February I started bleeding again and have been constantly bleeding since (it is now March 2016). It occasionally stops for 3-4 days and when I say occasionally I mean maybe one every 5 months or so... Tried Cerazette at the same time and it didn 't stop. Took norethisterone for a week when I went away, three days after stopping I started bleeding again and I have never felt anything like it. I was off work for two days, couldn 't stand up with the pain and was bleeding through tampons in less than 2 hours. Along with the constant bleeding, I have terrible mood swings and extremely low libido.
I used this medication just twice and had a severe headache for 3 days.
I was given the generic Bupropion XL. I started with 150mg for the 1st week and then went to 300mg after that. The first 3 weeks were amazing. My quality of sleep got better. My mind was no longer on overdrive. I had a never ending list of unfinished projects that I was now able to focus and breeze through. It also helped me to stop binge eating. The only negative side effect was that I started getting mild-severe acne but changing my skin care routine helped it. Then at week 4, everything went down hill. I was taking Bupropion in the morning at 9am and by 11am, I couldn 't keep my eyes opens. I would end up sleeping all day. I feel so tired that I can 't do anything and I can 't focus. It just stopped working.
I got my Nexplanon implanted on October 15th of last year. Since then I have basically been on a constant menstrual cycle. The longest gap I have had without a period is a week. I go from being spotty to having a constant heavy flow. I am having it removed next week.
This drug is scary!!! The 20mg dose puts me on the threshold of sleep, without allowing me to actually fall asleep. I accidentally thought the maximum dose was 40mg so I took two 20mg pills. It really did make me fall asleep, but you can forget about trying to function at all the following day. I am quite desperate for sleep, so now I take 35mg when I have absolutely nothing going on the next day. I am retired and can stay at home without having to drive anywhere. The half-life of this drug is 12 hours!!! That means if you take a 20mg pill, your still going to have 10mg in your system 12 hours later. I can see why people fall asleep driving to work. Ambien on the other hand has a half-life of only of about 2.5 hours. DANGEROUS drug!!!
I started on trinessa 7 years ago, I had no problems whatsoever! It actually worked very well! Because of changing insurance companies I had to change pharmacies and I could only receive trisprintec. The pharmacist said it was the same thing..although it was a pill 3x bigger. I don 't believe it was the same dosage. Anyways when I first took the pill I noticed from the first day I was nauseous. I ended up quitting my birth control cold turkey on the 6th day of the pack because I couldn 't stand the nausea, headaches, and hot flashes. Since I 'm planning on starting a family here in a few months I am just going to stay away from this birth control method. I would not recommend this medication..although everyone is different. Just not for me.
2.3 years ago I inserted Mirena to reduce the amount of bleeding. But I am bleeding even now.  &quot;NEVER STOP&quot;
I am 21 with a child and am happy with just her. At least for now and I choose Mirena because I heard nothing but good things about it and am very forgetful of the pill. But since I got it put in about a month and a half ago (which was very painful). I have gained weight like crazy. I have had a heavy period since, constant mood swings, feeling depressed, short of breath, tired, loss of sex drive (somewhat) it 's just not as good because I feel dry, and a constant cramping that almost makes me want to get sick . So I am getting it removed as soon as I can. But this is just my own experience I have heard people absolutely love it but just like everything, its not for everyone.
The nexplanon is plain awful I 'm on my third year a month from getting it taken out (I 've been begging my doc to take it out for a year now and just got OK 'ed) the first year of it my period was nuts either no period or month long period slight weight gain but nothing terrible second year mood swings like crazy weight gain and acne. Third year has been the worst I have no acne constant mood swing severe depression despite my life going well can 't stop gaining weight (130lb before 185lb now) bloating cramps are so bad I 've had to miss work I have acne on my back and face and weird hair growth. I 'm growing inch long black facial hairs on my chin and I 'm a blonde who used to have like no body hair. This birth control has made me suicidal at time.
I was very nauseated especially in the mornings. More importantly, my long, thick hair began falling out in clumps. I lost about a third of my hair. I was so nervous about it that I called my doctor and he told me that I was suffering from synchronized hair loss and that can be a side effect of this medication. I have since stopped taking it and I am not losing as much hair now. My doc said that this drug should be out of my system in two to three weeks.
I have a very sensitive gag reflex so it too me a while to finish the first dose. I couldn 't even finish the second dose. Besides the flavor,  the nausea and stomach pain made my prep terrible. I would never take this again!
(I 've been on Apri for the last year)Side Effects:1) horrible mood swings 2) irrational thoughts 3) weight gain 4) depression 5) constantly fatigued 6) decreased sex drive
I was told by my doctor to take Sudafed for allergy congestion. I guess she didn 't know that it interacts BADLY with my synthroid and cytomel! (although she SHOULD have known - she is a doctor, after all.) After taking sudafed, I had a major anxiety attack and my blood pressure shot through the roof. It took HOURS for it to wear off. Apparently, there is a warning on the box that people with thyroid disease shouldn 't take sudafed. Sudafed causes the effects of synthroid to increase dramatically and synthroid does the same thing to the Sudafed. If you take synthroid AVOID sudafed!! I threw the box away and will never take it again. I blame my Doc for not knowing this stuff is dangerous to thyroid patients.
I 've been on TriNessa for the past 5 months and I 've had nothing but horrible experiences. I started first pill with period and I was ok up until week 1. It was prom and I got extremely nauseous and threw up twice! I felt horrible (uncontrollable nausea, headaches, crazy mood changes, dry mouth) during the first month but I decided to stick with it since the side effects were &quot;normal&quot;. Month 2-4 were better; barely any nausea, only slight mood changes, regular light period. Now on month 5, I 'm noticing how much I have changed (because it 's summer) and how different I 've become.  I 've become depressed; even thinking about crying makes me cry!
I had to quit taking this, as is caused me to have a very nagging cough with episodes of coughing several times daily and at night. Was put back on former medicine.
Took methylphenidate SR (Ritalin sustained release) 100 mgs a day for years for major depression, was still tired, could still sleep at anytime, but not too bad. Dr retired, new Doc doesn 't want to prescribe that he switched script to Adderall 90 mgs  a day. Worked at first but not well, now it is worthless. I can hardly get out of bed and it is almost impossible to stay awake all day. Did the Sleep Study a few weeks ago and Dx with Narcolepsy w/o cataplexy, prescribed Modafinil to take with the Adderall, a little better. In my case the Adderall must go. Very good that it works for others, as no one wants to feel like they are sleeping their life away.
I am on lexapro, for depression, n buspar, for anxiety. My Dr added 40 mgs of geodon about 3 weeks ago, as a mood stabilizer... Well, it stabilized my mood, but at the most crazy manic level I 've ever had. I sometimes worry myself into mania, which usually lasts about 3 days. Then I sleep it off, n I 'm back to my mostly even keel self. Always anxious n slightly depressed, but functioning in the world... I did start this med in a manic phase, but to help calm me. It did not work. N my Dr is on vaca till next week... I 've never posted to a forum b4, but I 've never felt like this b4. I 'm hoping for some insight from others. Has anyone else had this reaction? Please help.
Been on Kariva for 2 months and it has its good and bads.. BAD: I have never experienced such bad mood swings in my life. I have little patience, i get extremely mad and aggivated very easily, i can be happy one minute, then CRAZY another minute. So be aware of the horrible mood swings. Didnt do anything for my 7day period. I break out a week before my period. GOOD: it does prevent you from getting pregnant even on the first month.
I wish I would have read these reviews before I started taking this medication! I feel soooo sick! I started to wonder if I have something really serious like cancer. I am so weak. One minute I am drenched in sweat and then I have chills so bad no amount of blankets will warm me. I can 't get out of bed and I must go to work tomorrow. I am a teacher and I have parent/teacher conferences! I constantly have a fever of 101 or higher! Why would they prescribe this medication to any one. Too many people have the same terrible side effects!
Yesterday I was exhausted so the itching and burning didn 't last long since I fell asleep. Tonight it was horrible, I just took a shower to clean it all off, that seemed to help some. I 'm wondering if they need to recall their product or something. I 've used it in the past and was fine.  Maybe they added and ingredient than what used to be in it.  All I have noticed is most of the reviews are pretty current so I 'm starting to question what is wrong with the batch.
I just started belviq today I 'm a 39 yr old diabetic woman and struggle with my weight all of my life but it got worse after having my first of 3 kids, it really became harder. I was a little scared as I have never taken diet pills before so I 'm extremely nervous. But after reading most of the reviews took some of the edge off. I 'm at 317 lbs and I 'm so excited to see my results, headed for the gym now, I will keep you updated...
This pill is the WORST. I just started my third month and have so much stress and anxiety. The pill has helped with my periods but the toll it has put on my body is not worth it. I had started a new job around the time I was put on the pill &amp; associated the stress to my job and school, I was WRONG. My face is always breaking out, except when I 'm on my period (I 'm assuming is because I 'm on the placebo pill those 4 days). I 'm waiting for my third month checkup to allow my body to adjust to the pill but I will come off this as soon as I meet with my Doctor. I was naive and didn 't do any research on the pill. After reading these reviews, I regret not looking into it and saving myself this emotional distress.
I took this drug at night and immediately went to sleep. When it became time to wake up the next morning I felt like I was in another world. It literally felt like the world was upside down. I couldn 't stand in the shower and ended up collapsing in bed with only a half wet bath robe. I couldn 't move and could barely pull cover over top of my immobile body. I had severe pains in my body and especially my legs. I didn 't even begin to feel coherent until 3pm. I never took another dose. However, the following night I had insomnia and didn 't sleep a wink for two days. This is a strong medicine. 
The side effects of joint pain, upper back pain, chills, digestive issues stii haunt one month after I took the medication. The side effects were horrible!
was prescribed this medication for a UTI. Never had this pill before.  OMG...I was nauseous 24/7 with chest pains and only took it for 3 days!. Also gastro issues and feeling like you are in a fog....I always got CIPRO for this type of E coli infection. Don 't know why my doctor gave me this horrible medicine.  Called today for different medication because I am not sure if the infection is cleared up.  Pain is gone but that is all. Wouldn 't recommend this.
I 've been on this medication almost a full month. I never feel hungry and have been eating WAY less than I ever have, however the scale has not moved. Bad heartburn has been my only side effect. I 'll try it one more month and then if no weight loss, I 'm going to stop. Disappointed...and I had to pay $1,000 out of pocket!
I have been taking Wellbutrin for 8 plus years. Then went to SR, then XL.  Helped with my ADHD with Adderall too.   Went off for about a year and started back. To save money went to generic 150mg XL - they were great.  When Dr. suggested increasing back to 300mg daily (as previously) I agreed. I started taking the 300mg XL generics - the symptoms returned.  I noticed when I opened the bottle there as a noxious odor given off.  After 4 weeks couldn 't stand the smell and returned the rest of the pills to my pharmacy.  They replaced them and said they would look into the problem.  The 150 mg SR generics stink too. Only the 150mg XL generics don 't.
Been on it for 3 months, 20 pound weight gain - always hungry and never full.  No periods, but not worth the weight gain and uncontrollable appetite...  Was managing weight very well prior to implant...
My wife recently spent a week in the hospital including 3 days in neurological ICU because of a blood clot in her brain. She had 17 mini strokes and almost died. Oh, and she 's only 25. She doesn 't smoke, didn 't hit her head, and no family history of blood clots. The neurosurgeon said it was because of the nuvaring. So please, don 't even try it. I don 't want anyone to have to go through that
I am sorry to say that this did not work for me. I was so desperate that I got a prescription for antabuse. Now that baby works. Believe you and me if you consume alcohol on this, you will never again do it. But this tablet is not for the fainthearted! Read about on it. I wish everyone luck on this forum but unfortunately campral did not work for me but there are plenty of people it does help so don 't feel disheartened on just my review.xx 
The taste was terrible, like drinking salt water-which I guess is what it is.  I could barely get the second dose down. After the second dose I had 30 minutes of uncontrolled muscle spasms from shoulders to toes, my blood pressure shot up to 169/97 after the last dose and remained high up to the time of my procedure the next day-159/104.
I tried it for 1 month.  I drank tons of water.   I was extremely tired all day, but could not sleep through the night.  Kidneys constantly felt like I was getting stones. I felt bruised for weeks after cessation.  I would rather have a migraine!
Was put on this due to terrible migraines. Took it for 8 months and stopped recently. Yes, my migraine wasn 't as bad as how it was before but my period was very irregular. At some point, I didn 't get it for 2 months THEN 3 months and it would scared the heck out of me. I would get bad cramps and my breast  would be so tender &amp; painful for weeks!!! Also, I noticed that my eating habit has gotten worst, I became tired but sleepless and often get anxiety attacks. I just couldn 't take it anymore so I decided to stop it before it gets worst.
I took the first pill this morning with food. I feel very light headed kinda dizzy and kinda nauseous.  I think I 'll have to go home from work  because I feel so tired as well. Don 't think this drug is for me.
I have been on this medicine for a week.  I have no energy and I only sleep about 4 hours a night.  I can fall asleep but can 't stay asleep.  I think I am going to ask my doctor to switch me to something else.  I can 't focus very well with this medicine.  
Ive been taking this shot since April 2016 and i swear i started bleeding June 4 and i havent stopped. I have jabbing pain all the time.  I never know when Im going to need a pad. I may go half the day without any bleeding and then then go to the bathroom and bam blood. I recommend not getting this thing it is absolutely awful :(
I am on day 7 and more miserable than when I started taking the drug. I have had headaches, trouble getting to sleep, stomachache, heart palpitations, and I think I have even noticed more hair falling out than usual. My tonsils are still swollen and sore throat is still present, but I have gotten a yeast infection because all the good bacteria in my vagina have apparently been killed, so I 'm out of balance. Miserable. I 'm going to see my doctor tomorrow, to see if I can get something else. Should have done it days ago.
I was really excited to try the Paraguard because I had been on the pill before but it made me really sick. The insertion was pretty painful but only lasted a few seconds but after that I experienced the worst pain I have in my entire life. I was cramping everyday and I would take 1000 mg of acetaminophen and nothing. Keep in mind I 'm pretty petite and 400mg normally do the trick for me. Two weeks later I got my period and I almost had to go to the hospital because I was on the verge of passing out from how much blood I lost. I have heavy periods and pretty bad cramps so painful periods are common for me but this was a whole other thing. The doctor told me my body was rejecting it. Save yourself the pain don 't get it!!
I am 26 and otherwise perfectly healthy. I quit Seasonale after two months when I discovered my blood pressure had become very high (164/112). I had also been experiencing neck pain, a pressured feeling that seemed to be in my veins, which would alternate from one side of my neck to the other, since the second or third week of taking this pill. I was sent for many tests and found that one of my kidneys was mildly swollen (hydronephrosis). It took six weeks for my blood pressure to normalize, it would go down and then back up again. I was very concerned, anxious and depressed. I took hypertension medication for about two weeks as well, and was eventually able to lower my dosage and then stop it altogether.
Only on it for 8 days. After 5 days started having shortness of breath, muscle spasms in upper back, pounding heart rate, fatigue, stiffness in neck and face.
Severe cough at night.  Doctor diagnosed asthma.  Symbicort 80/4.5 helped with cough but side effects were awful.  Mood, agitation and anger from the steroid were intolerable.   
I got a novasure ablation 5 years ago because of the heavy bleeding and having to change pads and tampons every hour. The gush feeling after changing while conducting a 15 min. meeting was unbearable.  The ablation was the best thing ever until... i started bleeding again. My Dr. put me on Provera 2x daily for 7 days following 1x daily for 7 days.  One day passed after completing the prescription and the heavy bleeding with huge clots worse than prior to the ablation, along with severe cramping, similar to contractions is making me regret ever taking this drug. Im on day 3 of heavy bleeding, severe cramping,  terrible bloating that I have never experienced before. I 'm feeling discouraged reading that some women bled heavy for more than 2 wks
Allergic reaction (swelling, burning, itching, overall irritation) and it didn 't cure the yeast infection.
Feeling horrendous, like I 'm being poisoned!Was prescribed this after a trip to A&amp;E with an upper UTI/kidney infection. I don 't normally take meds and I 'm trying to avoid antibiotics as I have leaky gut but the Dr urged me to take them as the infection was so bad.Anyway, the first day or 2 weren 't too bad but then I woke up and felt like I 'd been hit by a freight train.Here are some of the things I 've been experiencing:Nausea, bloating, thrush, severe migraine like headaches, loss of appetite, depression and mood swings, paranoia, anxiety, dehydration due to constant urination, burning pain in my limbs and a stiff neck, a feeling of being hungover each morning, dizziness and  'brain fog ' and a dry cough! Never taking these again!!!
Since getting the implant in I had a few longer periods, and now I haven 't gotten it for a couple months. That has been the only advantage so far for me. I was always skinny, then gained 30  pounds from this. Being in my 20 's I was horrified. I have to get all new clothes because of mine not fitting, and I was so embarrassed to even go out. I 've also never had acne before, and now I 've been having major breakouts constantly. I also have no sex drive anymore, I have no energy, and I have been very depressed which has never happened to me before. I am now getting this removed after 5 months of having it. Overall, I would not recommend this option. But of course, this doesn 't happen to everyone.
Terrible. Developed rash all over within minutes of drinking a cup of Readi-cat 2. Test was postponed and I was sent home. It took hours for the rash to clear. Thanks to a nurse who noticed the rash and stopped the procedure.
I started taking this medication twelve days ago I feel very anxious sleeping has improved over the past three days.  I met with friends the other night felt very self conscious agitated and uncomfortable not my normal self at all. Positive -Improved libido. My friends are very concerned as I am very bloated and my brothers were concerned about my rapid breathing. The comments were &quot;you look terrible, bloated and just not yourself &quot;. My appetite has increased and I am now being very careful about the amount of food I eat after all that is my responsibility. Going to the Drs tomorrow for review. Not sure if these symptoms are experienced initially and subside or not will write another review in a few weeks .
Had no relief at all from this medicine. Had high hopes that it would lessen pain in knees and hands but unfortunately it did not.
Had allergic reaction after 4 pills.  Hives, flushing, headache.
While it helped with the disorder, I gained 40 lbs in 5 months. I stopped taking it 6 months ago and I already lost 30 lbs.
this drug has changed my life in the worst way ever .i feel like im going to die almost every single day . the only thing that i do now is dround my self in water sit in front of my air conditioner . also i started drinkingto get the feeling to calm down that im about to die . my heart rate is going so fast when i wake up and threwout my day if i dont have a drink of my new pill they gave me xanex i feel like my chest is going to explode . i had a head injury and told my dr that i was feeling edgy not myself ..that i was feeling slightly angry about my situation . this is the drug he put me on for that . now im not sure  how to stop taking it he tells me just stop taking it and i have read a thousand things that say do not stop taking it ..
Terrible mood swings, cramps all month long, constantly  bloated, made my periods way worse, and there was an irritating discharge. Never again. I 'd rather have to remember to use the pill every day. Plus, doctors have told my friends  that haven 't had kids yet they can 't use it, and I can 't find any information as to why.
I thought I was losing my mind, but per these reviews, I think my suspicious are founded.  I 've been on Estarylla for ~6 months as my pharmacy replaced this with the Sprintec I 've been taking for about 6 years now.  Never any issues with Sprintec, it was by far my favorite BC.  This BC is the worst I 've ever had.  I 've had months with break-thru bleeding (like 3 weeks of bleeding vs at most 1...), I 've put on about 10 lbs, I have no desire to do anything but eat and not workout (not like myself AT ALL) and no libido.  I called my OB/GYN and she immediately suspected the BC.  I will be switching back to Sprintec per her &quot;dispense as written&quot; on my prescription.  Ladies, heed the warnings of the others and myself, do not take this pill...
Only took it one time, my lips swelled up so much.
I had my implant put in July 2014. I 've had no stop issues ever since! I 've had a 3 month long period, heavy and painful periods, extreme weight gain etc. I was a size 6/8 I 'm now a 10/12 (I 'm not eating any different). Due to the weight gain and issues with periods I wanted it taking out ASAP! I went to have it taken out and they couldn 't find it..the doctors, clinic etc nobody could find it! I have now been referred to a specialist to use a scanner to find it- I 'm sticking to the pill when I finally get it taken out
I took this pill for 5 months in which I gained 25lbs. I stopped taking it but continued to gain weight. I 've gained a total of 60lbs. Despite exercise and diet I 've been unable to lose any of the weight. I started the pill when I was 40, I was never in the pill before that. One doctor told me when you start BC in your 40 'sit can throw your hormones out of whack. It 's been almost 2 years since I stopped the pill and still have not been able to lose 1lb. If this happened to you please let me know
I had my paragard for a little over a year and I 'm so glad I got it taken out!! I had a normally heavy period before but when I started the paragard it was absolutely awful! I 've never bleed that much in my whole life! Of course at first I thought it was because I had just had a baby... But 1 yr later it was still the same. Not to mention my sex drive was nonexistent.... Sex was painful and not appetizing at all! As soon as the paragard was out it was an instant relief! I felt 100% normal again! Needless to say I will never again have any form of an iud.
It worked, a little too well. I became indifferent to EVERYTHING. inside it was like a part of me was screaming, but my whole body and 90% of my brain just did what it needed too. I am normally a goofy, fun loving, hyper personality. I do get bouts of seemingly unshakable depression and anxiety, but while on this medication, I noticed a change in myself... beyond the tunnel vision, and kaleidoscopic hallucinations I had when waking up in the middle of the night... every night. the final straw was was seeing my now wife, looking like she lost her best friend, as I just wasn 't myself. I stopped taking the mediation, and within 2 days started singing to her again, and nothing brought a smile like that to her face until we said &quot;I do&quot;.
Admittedly, when I started Prozac and up until I stopped taking it, I was not very honest with my therapist on my emotional state, so I never changed medication despite it 's lack of effect on me. I was taking it to help with my depression and anxiety, and it didn 't help with either. It didn 't have any negative effects on me, but it didn 't have any positive effects either. I had started at 10 mg, went up to 20 mg, and finally 40 mg. For each one, it seemed to help at first but wouldn 't after around two weeks. Although it wasn 't right for me, I know that it 's been quite helpful to friends of mine and it wouldn 't hurt to try it out yourself.
As an A-Detachment medic i was forced to use this drug for over two years straight.  I was also in charge of malaria chemoprophylaxis for my team.  During the loading dose my guys started complaining of weird dreams and depression.  Returning from South America at least 3 out of 11 of the team guys divorced their wives.  By the time I raised the BS flag and started a new preventive treatment another 3 were on their way to divorce or had separated from spouse due to depression and other issues like anger and other issues directly associated with Lariam.  I wrote an extensive report and pass it along to 7th Group Surgeon but did not even get a courtesy reply.  Today I walk around with multiple issues depression, other mental and physical.....
I put the Nexplanon in August 2016 and had it removed in October 2016. 31 years old, no kids yet. Very little after I had the Implant Nexplanon put in, I started bleeding black blood with cramping for now 10 weeks plus. I went to the doctor three times complain of pain and bleeding black stinky blood and those times I was told by 2 different gynecological doctors that it was fine &amp; it would go away in time. Well it didn 't even now that it 's been removed a little over more than a week I am still bleeding today. Finally I went to another doctor who decided to do a ULTRASOUND PELVIC &amp; TRANSVAGINAL &amp; he said that it worked too well that my endometrium normal size is 8mm minimum &amp; mine is now 2mm so thin blood is going through. risk of infertility
I 'm in agony while writing this review. I went out at midnight tonight to buy this stuff so I can get relief. Big mistake! I cannot lie still on my bed because I 'm in so much pain. Who would make such product to worsen the symptoms already experienced from the yeast infection?? I can 't believe with so many negative review this company has not make this product better. It 's been 30 mins since I apply the cream and suppository and it still be burn. Never again would I buy this.
I will NEVER use this medication again!! I inserted the medication on Wednesday morning and the whole day I felt an uncomfortable feeling, burning sensation and  all of my symptoms had not gotten better, they had gotten worse. I had to make a last minute appointment with my doctor on Thursday morning. The nurse practitioner was able to clean out the medication from my vagina. The ovule had exploded and just felt like something foreign was sitting inside of me. It was a heavy feeling. Moral of this story, the nurse practitioner does not recommend these over the counter yeast infection solutions and I will never purchase again. In the end I didn 't have a yeast infection come to find out I have a UTI! Ugh!!!
Used this diligently for 10 months - no polish and used an emery board to file the top of the nail to let the medication penetrate better.  Saw perhaps a small improvement then went on vacation and wore polish for a week.  After taking the polish off toenails looked just as bad as before I started.  I did continue to apply the product the week I wore the polish.  Still using to complete the one year required before supposedly seeing an improvement, but I 'm not holding my breath.
I have completed my second shot on Tuesday and will be getting my 3rd shot this Tuesday, and have not had any relief in either knee. Both knees seem exactly the same as before I had the shots.  Over the past 3 years I have had about 3 cortisone shots in each knee every year. That gave immediate relief, although only a temporary fix. I am hoping after Tuesday, I 'll get some relief. The doctor told me to be patient for an additional SIX weeks.
After reading several other reviews, I 've realized that every real major issue I 've had over the past 7 weeks (how long I was using it) has been because of this thing. My anxiety and depression has been at an all time high, the past three days I haven 't been able to keep anything down, and I 've definitely experienced the low libido several others have mentioned. After lying on the floor in nauseous agony and reading the reviews i tore it right off. I don 't want to say I 'm already feeling better but honestly.This is my first time using bc other than condoms and I chose the patch cuz I knew I would have trouble with the pill. But after my experience I wish I had chosen something different. would not recommend.
I have been on the drug about 7 weeks and have had no real change in my acne just real dry chapped lips and dry skin but spots are still here, how long til it changes and they start to go away?
This medicine worked at first, but after taking it for a few (2) weeks, I developed anxiety &amp; panic attacks. I 've had panic attacks in the past but not like these. I wasn 't afraid of anything specific; it was like a constant fear. Also, my heart would race so bad. I am being weaned off this &amp; switching to Zyprexa.
I tried Movantik and it worked very quick but made my stool pure blood. I had heard about that side effect before but never experienced it until then. It scared the hell out of me. I haven 't taken it since.
so my vagina is on fire. and not in a good Beyonc
Like with everyone else, was switched to this medication unknowingly. I receive my birth control in a 6 month supply and this last bulk included 2 Minastrin packs. I used Loestrin for a good 2 years and had absolutely NO side effects. I 'm halfway through my second pack of Minastrin and I 've been bleeding 2-3 days every other week (which isn 't a huge deal, more annoying than anything), horrible lower back pain that will not cease, I 've cried 4 times just in the past few days over nonsense, and have been in a generally depressed state. I made sure there were no other stressors that could 've triggered this ridiculous emotional roller coaster and finally connected the dots and realized these symptoms presented after starting Minastrin.....
I got the nexplanon inserted March 2015 .... at first it was ok but the second month I bled so much and had sooo many blood clots. After 3 weeks it was over but I have mood swings , I 'm lazy and gained weight out of control
The side effects were intolerable. It caused esophageal reflux and melena.
At first the drug company advertised this mercilessly as the solution to adult ADHD. The only problem is that it doesn 't work. I noticed nothing at all in the three months I tried it.
Do not mix this with nubane.
I have experienced severe dry mouth after using Pro-denRX aqueous gel for teeth brushing.  I used it for three weeks before I finally realized that my dry mouth started when I began the use of the toothpaste.  I have stopped using Pro-denRX and hope the side effects will eventually disappear.  It has only been two days since I stopped use, so it is too early to tell much.  My mouth is still severely dry.
I I wanted to give an update as I hadn 't started taking Requip on my first post. I had taken 2 doses, and had one episode of RLS the second day.  On the 3rd day, I was sitting in the waiting room at the colonoscopy clinic while my husband was in the back.  I kept dozing off, and would wake up, looking for my bottle of water, and it was in my purse,  sitting in my lap.  This happened over 4-5 times.   Anyhow, I took another dose that night, which was a Monday.  The next day, on the drive home, I was dozing, then woke up, raised up my seat, put my window down a little, reached out and pushed the mirror up!  I didn 't say anything, put my window back up, and went back to sleep.  That was my last dose and I threw the rest of it away.
This is the absolute worst medication I have ever been on. I had severe anxiety, hot flashes, stomach pain, no appetite, sudden loss of positive body image, it caused me to have horrible cystic acne. I have so far cried every day that I have been on this medication (2 months). Before this drug I had a very positive body image, I had not needed my anxiety medication in 4 months, and had nearly perfect skin. This medications was horrible. I would not recommend this medication to anyone.
Absolutely horrible, unless you like feeling dopey, drugged &amp; hungover for 3 days after a single dose! It did help my allergies but the side effects are much too pronounced &amp; severe to warrant ever taking it again. I 'd rather suffer!
Prozac was the worst for me. Wouldnt recommend it to anyone. I was using it for depression and anxiety and when i first started taking it i felt terrible, stayed on it for another 4 months or so till my psychiatrist (who did absolutely nothing for me, spent a total of 15 minutes with me in 3 appts.) uped my dose to 20mg, i started feeling really tired all the time, got headaches, felt sick, my head was ALWAYS foggy, couldnt remember much, drained me right out. So without my doctors word i stopped taking it and i still feel depressed and anxious but i feel much more alive and much better. Prozac didnt work for me at all.
I have had acne for quite some time so I decided to start ortho. It 's only been 3 days in and I have so many extra pimples on my face all over, and huge pimples at that. I 'm hoping it will clear as its starting to get into my system but so far I 'm dreading starting this pill and am thinking I need to just stop as it is not helping my self esteem or my skin what so ever....I have more scars which take so much time to heal/ lighten. Unhappy
This drug is nowhere near its counterpart.  I am sleepy during the day; I have a hard time at work, like right now.  It does NOT work.
At first the drug company advertised this mercilessly as the solution to adult ADHD. The only problem is that it doesn 't work. I noticed nothing at all in the three months I tried it.
I have only been on this pill for a week, however I already want to switch. I had acne problems before this pill and I thought by going on this I could kill to birds with one stone; clear up my acne and prevent pregnancy. But I cannot wait for this pack to be over so I can switch. Within the first day my acne got 10x worse and it 's only been a week but it 's worse than it 's ever been in the last year! I don 't even want to look in the mirror. I haven 't noticed any other side effects yet but I won 't be surprised if there 's more negative ones to come.
I was prescribed this pill to treat PMS however, taking this medication was the worst experience of my life. It alleviated anxiety but it made me severely depressed and paranoid. I am a fairly active person and I would go running every day. As soon as I began to take the pill I lost motivation to do the things I enjoyed and it got to the point where I did not even want to leave the house. I also almost lost my job over it. I tried to quit three times in one week and luckily my employer would not let me end my career and encouraged me to stay. Taking this medication also damaged my relationships with my friends and my partner and almost costed me my relationship. Please do not take this medication. 
I had had a headache 24 hours a day seven days a week for a little over 4 months. I saw a neurologist who told me that it was tension causing my headaches and that it was all in my head. He put me on Paxil and it was without exception the single worst experience of my life. I had never been depressed before, never been diagnosed with anxiety, nothing to suggest any mental health issues whatsoever, and I was prescribed Paxil. This drug nearly killed me. As I said, no history of mental illness or suicidal thoughts in my entire life and when I was put on this drug it made me feel suicidal. I felt like I was better off dead than alive. I was only 15 years old at the time, I 'm now 16.I don 't think you should take this if you are under 18 years old! 
MAJOR hair loss, anxiety, insomnia, weight gain, panic attacks AND large dark spot on forehead (melasma)Please stay away from this birth control! In the past, I use to have extremely horrific periods, vomiting and horrible cramps. I started this birth control to help with this and for a while everything seemed great, my periods were normal and the debilitating cramps went away. I thought all was well.  After about 3 years or so I started noticing hair breakage? Also, I noticed an odd freckle on my forehead. I had asked a nurse and she said it was a sun spot (I was 29 at the time). The %u201Cfreckle%u201D grew larger and larger until it covered most of my forehead!!!! I had to go to 2 doctors to find out what was wrong with me. Stay away!
My daughter was put on this for heaving bleeding and to say her personality has changed from this is an understatement.. she is moody/ depressed and highly emotional.. she has stomach cramps and has had panic attacks.... so happy I found this website.. taking her off of it immediately!
I 'm on Nexplanon for about a week or so and already breaking out bad also have lower stomach pain which is one of the signs to call a doctor to remove it going tomorrow also coughed out a little blood never again the side effects scare me read them all on the nexplanon website along with others don 't recommend rather be on something that has less severe side effects
Not a good experience here. My 10 year old son was put on it. He started hallucinating, hearing voices, he was terrified. Uncontrollable crying. He couldn 't be in a room alone. He was going into panic attacks because he was so scared. He didn 't know why he was scared or why he couldn 't stop crying.
This product should be pulled from the shelves. Like all the other reviews I was taking antibiotic and I must say- ladies SAVE YOUR VAGINAS! I would rather die then put my body through this nightmare again. They say use before bed time.. how am I supposed to fall asleep when my vagina is literally getting ROASTED IN A BONFIRE. The itch.. the unbearable itch, oh. my. gosh.. no words can describe that feeling. The itch is all over.. its inside, it 's outside and It DOESN 'T GO AWAY! you can 't do anything but scratch and cry. And I thought the YI was bad? I literally thought I was having an allergic reaction to this  product. This stuff should be illegal
On starting 40 mg Micardis experienced severe dizziness that lasted about a month, eventually subsiding. Okay for another 4 months then started to have burning and pain in feet and lower legs especially at bedtime. Had to stop even though was doing a good job with blood pressure.  Now taking Diovan and doing well.
it made me have violent twitching and uncontrolled facial movements.... it made my mania Worse! Gonna get back on Thorazine. ..
I was prescribed Ambien for insomnia. It later became a problem as I continued to build a tolerance for it. I am no longer taking and have been off the medicine this week. Following are reasons that I stopped taking it. I lost my job, got arrested, picked up a felony charge for prescription fraud, among other consequences due to my dependency on the drug. In short, DO NOT TAKE ANY FORM  of Z -PILLS. I lost a very good job with the government and can no longer return to the job due to Ambien and Lunesta. I have a master 's degree and still cannot find work due to the felony charge. Please take it from me, this drug will progressively ruin your life. It should be taken off of the market.
I started taking exemestane after trying Tamoxifen and Femara.  Unfortunately, these medicines have been hard on me. I do not have quality of life. Constantly tired plus the joint pain is unbearable. Hands are swollen, trigger finger and cists in the wrist. I have also gained a lot of weight and developed bad acne.
I haven 't been on birth control for a few years but I have used two different brands and this has got to be the worst one I 've ever been on, I lasted all of two days.I read the side effects and reviews but wanted to try it out for myself and I will have to agree with all the negative reviews on the pill. My side effects were really bad nausea, mood swings and severe anxiety. I would go from wanting to cry, punch someone or total sadness in a matter of minutes. I know your body has to adjust but going through just two days of what I went through I decided to stop taking it, I would say try at your own risk!
This birth control could not be worse. I bled for an entire 2 months and would randomly get gushes of blood that would soak through to my pants. Also, my face broke out like crazy!! Do not take this BC!
Just like all the other people I was given the pill form and it did reduce the itching and it seemed to get better but seemed to bring all the bacteria out and it 's still there. Looks worse I 'm only 17 and never had sex before help me I want it to go away
This birth control was alright for the first few months and then I started getting my period every two weeks, which wasn 't a huge problem because I had zero interest in having sex anyway! I was so frustrated I finally stopped using it , switched to FAM got my sex drive back , and have regular periods.
Nothing new that isn 't already listed on here multiple times. I started taking this medication about a month ago and noticed within the first week terrible mood swings, severe nausea, and a huge change to my motivations and relationships.  Although I haven 't gained any weight I constantly feel bloated and feel bigger than ever in my stomach area.  I 've never had headaches in my life but since taking this medication they have become something common.  I would never recommend this medication to anyone. Aside from the terrible feeling it makes you have, it really does put a strain on your relationships and desires to be productive throughout the day
I was prescribed the Promethazine Codeine Syrup for a severe case of bronchitis. I have the most horrific cough. My doctor told me to take it at night right before bed, and it would work like a charm. But after I lay down I start having a coughing fit. Tonight was the 5th time I took this medicine and I decided to test my theory and take it a little before turning in for the night and see what happens. I had such bad coughing fit I couldn 't stop to the point I was gagging, and couldn 't stop gagging. I could not get the urge to cough to stop which started to freak me out. Something is definitely not agreeing with me. That was a waste of $56.
This it the first birth control pill that I 've been on as I don 't necessarily like the idea of hormonal contraceptives. I just started Ocella this month and so far I have bled for 10 days straight (lightly, but I 've been used to light periods that last four or five days) and my emotions have been out of control. I normally have light mood swings before my period, but this has been ten times worse and nonstop for the week and a half that I 've been on Ocella. I crave junk food 24 hours a day and feel angry or upset about the littlest things.My skin is pretty clear naturally and I haven 't noticed a change in that. My sex drive is about the same. I can 't say much else as this is my first month on it but I am not a fan of the super PMS so far.
Took a single Paxil pill and felt immediately sick within two hours or taking it. This &quot;sick&quot; feeling lasted for a solid week. I thought that I probably just got the flu at the same time I started taking Paxil, so I tried it again. Nope, still made me feel sick. I didn 't think it was possible to get every single common side effect listed from taking one pill, but I guess I was wrong.
I had a terrible experience with this birth control. I couldn 't take it for more than two days because it made me so sick. I couldn 't stop vomiting. I wish it had worked for me because the price was great! I 'm hoping for more luck on the second kind I 'm trying.
I have terrible headaches after 2 weeks.   Some are so bad I vomit and have vertigo.  Other days I will have head pain for 12 hours or more.  At least 3 headaches a week now.
I used these shots for four months it didn 't help me at all.  Now  I 've also got a spot on the side of my face  from taking humeria
I was prescribed this for sleep and my doctor told me it has multiple uses and can be used for Bi Polar as well. Unfortunately this medication causes auditory hallucinations I am a 24 year old male and I will have to have a talk with my doctor about this.
I have been on this med for a year, lost 7 pounds but the serotonin syndrome symptoms are not worth it.  I have had no energy, profuse sweating, high blood pressure and consistently high rate.  I have been off for 2 days.  I had trouble with sleep, episodes of crying, and exhaustion but my blood pressure is better andy heart rate is already in the 80s resting instead of 100s.  Tonight I feel better, though I have had a difficult ultimate 2 days. I hope the worst is over.  This drug is not worth the risk and side effects.  I 'm getting out of this clinical trial.
I was in the hospital this weekend for a PE left lung and pneumonia in my right. Completely unsymptomatic except for a very unusual episode of vomiting with chest pain. Have a PICC and doc was concerned it may have become dislodged, so to the ER we went. The whole PE / pneumonia thing is still utterly unreal to us - still in a daze, trying to figure out what it means for lifestyle changes. Since they switched me from Coumadin IV to Xarelto in the hospital I have had a non-stop awful migraine, upper back and neck pain (muscular), some upset stomach. My lower jaw and teeth hurt - something I 've never experienced as I have no cavities at age 47; I can empathize with my husband 's toothaches a bit now, unfortunately. Awful.
Caused extreme vaginal dryness for me
Took this for seasonal allergies.  Knocked out cold for 9 hours, woke up feeling hungover.  Went out with family for breakfast, came back home and slept 5 more hours.  Awful! I don 't know how people could function taking this regularly.
i got terrible gout in the hands after using it.  But then i did not drink all the water and still drank beer.  Read the packet!
So, after a bad reaction to Blisovi, my doctor tried LoLo for me.  Turns out its basically the same as Blisovi, in terms of active ingredients.  The first week on this, I started getting small white bumps above my lips and my lips became very dry.  Then, I got a rash all over my stomach and on my legs.  It turns out I 'm allergic to one of the main ingredients in this pill, norethindrone.  I 'm only adding this information because if you have similar experiences with  Blisovi or LoLo, check out the similarities in terms of active ingredients.  It 's worth checking out drugs that don 't contain norethindrone if your experience is similar to mine, such as Yaz or a Yaz generic (Loryna, Gianvi). Rash is almost gone since I switched to Loryna. :)
Made me a zombie. I could sleep for 24 hours after one pill. I have things to do I can 't sleep that long.
Worked great the first couple of days - concentrated, laser focus and able to work hard. A few days in, I felt like I was on speed - couldn 't concentrate, thoughts racing, difficulty completing tasks. I couldn 't stay on it, I was so anxious.
I was 19 when I was sent from my small town &amp; county to have tests done. I 'd had symptoms from age 12 when I was put on birth control pills for PCOS. The Dr from San Francisco put me on Diamox and prednisone and ordered my family Dr do a spinal tap when I had eye problems or severe headaches (he did at least 3/wk for 2yrs). My family Dr took me off the prednisone after a few months and I gained over 100lbs. The Diamox caused me weird side effects. My face was all &quot;tingling&quot;, everything I ate or drank tasted metallic (especially if it was fruit or carbonated). Eventually the tingling started down my neck, chest, and hands/arms. So my Dr took me off it, gave me hydroclorathazide (it maybe misspelt). I 've learned Diamox causes it a lot.
Requip is a very scary drug.  It gave me the worst headaches.  I was in bed within 30 minutes of taking it.  It also caused me to get Myclonus. Anytime I would try to rest my entire body would start jerking. The jerks could go on for hours. The only way to stop the jerking was to stand up and walk.  I started taking Requip for RLS which I now believe was caused from the Zoloft.  I stopped taking Requip and started weaning off the Zoloft. The jerking has stopped but I feel very dizzy.  Can 't wait to get all of this out of my body.
Breakthrough bleeding, headaches ,nausea, bloating....Have been bleeding for almost two weeks. On the fourth week of the first packet.
Doc put me on Metformin, which my liver didn 't fair well with, and then tried the Januvia 100mg.  After 2.5 wks, I told him I was experiencing facial / hand / eye lid swelling and told him I felt this wasn 't a good fit for me.  So, he prescribed Januvia 50mg, which after three days, caused nausea, upper abdominal pain, orange urine, and skyrocketing BG from low 120 's to well over 200 's after eating.  I immediately quit taking it.
I 'm a 24 year old healthy woman. I just gave birth a little over a month ago. I decided to give this birth control a shot since every other birth control I 've tried was too strong and caused me to have migraines. Well SILLY me for doing so, I 've literally taken only five pills so far and I feel like a complete psycho! I 've had terrible mood swings, cry at the drop of a pen, overly sensitive, I 've CRAMPED every single day and have had brown spotting like my periods coming since I started the pill, and loss of appetite. I didn 't even feel like this while pregnant at all. This is the worst birth control I 've personally ever had and Will not be taking anymore pills for my own sanity lol I do though hope it works for everyone else.
Absolute rip off and scam.  You pay 20-30 USD for this. this medication is no better than hydrogen paroxide which actually gives you more superior results and costs you nothing at all.A bottle of hydrogen peroxide can last you for years and costs 50 cents.anti viral cream has no effect on virus I can assure you that.
Was so hope it would help. If anything , my knee has steadily worsened.
Horrifying. Gave me side effects that mimicked a stroke. Lost my ability to write or make sense of computer keyboards and phone dialpads. Drooling, stuttering, slurring, walking sideways, walking into walls. A nightmare from hell.
First of all, all of those people who quit, will be back to smoking really soon. And if it says they are smoke free for years, it is probably a bought comment by Pfizer. Trust me. I did quit as well 3 times, but it is not permanent. The side effects last even months after you take the pill. the last time I quit with it, I had a neurological breakdown, I could not control my body, I was having a non fatal stroke and even heart attack. I could not talk, had to be taken to the emergency. My eyes were rolling up, I could not control my limbs, could not talk, my mouth would not move to talk. It was horrible. Months later I am back to smoking and now I am scared to take the pill. The depression was horrific and same with  the dreams. I do not recommend
For what it 's worth, I would not recommend switching to Glatopa yet (as it 's still too new in the market). I was on Copaxone for 5 years and was doing great before the switch. Had I known what I know now, I would have opted for the alternative Copaxone financial assistance (a reimbursement program) to stay on the daily shot once Kaiser auto-switched patients to Glatopa (for cost saving purposes to them) without ensuring the negative side effects to patients because basically they just don 't care. All that being said, within 6 months of switching to Glatopa, I ended up in the hospital with Transverse  Myelitis for 10 days (with a 100K hospital bill) which is more than a relapse it 's a completely new lesion on the spine. Anyway, while in the hospital a doctor told me that a generic does not have to be exactly the same ingredients as their predecessor. She said the generic drug can contain up to 20% of new proprietary ingredients). Wish I had known. It 's unbelievable that Kaiser (or any doctor) would just switch patients to a new drug without that full disclosure or before the medication has been truly tested as a genuine safe replacement. I have since been referred to MS Center (where they don 't recommend Glatopa - go figure). My new doctor (at MS Center) put me on Tysabri - which I hear is the &quot;cadillac&quot; of current MS treatments. Anyway, been doing fine on it so far with the exception of lingering nerve discomfort from the Glatopa relapse (for which I also take Gabapentin).   Soon I will be back 100% and in the meantime...All is well!
I had Botox 7 months ago and I 'm just now able to pee just a little so still need to self cath.  Botox was the worst thing I could have done because it did nothing for my pain nor my frequency.  I had no problem peeing before Botox!
Why on earth any company would add fragrance to a medicine is beyond me when so many medical facilities have gone fragrance free. Even the low level fragrance has caused nausea after a half day 's use. It 's either the fragrance or a reaction to the gel. Didn 't make much difference in my pain level.
I 've been on Linzess 290 mcg for 60 days now. I started taking one pill day for 30 days and only had 4 voluntary bowel moments. My doctor 's instructor me to take 290 mcg twice a daily and I have been doing so for 60 days now and I am not expericing the mirarles everyone is raving about. I am about ready to give up on Linzess. I have Suffered with chronic constipation and IBS over 20 years and nothing works. Tried, Miralax, Amitiza,  pro-biotics and many other OTC drugs. The ONLY thing that has helped is Nopalina which is a flaxseed mixture of fruit skins. That always provide relief. Its not a laxative either. I can 't for see paying for more doc visits and expensive meds much longer.
This drug was used by my fiance, and it made her really dizzy, she couldn 't even stand up.
I 've taken zolpidem for 4 years.  I took Belsomra only one time.  I had horrible nightmares and would fall asleep only to wake up shortly after.  I became agitated and anxious.  It was a terrible night sleep and I definitely will not be taking it again.
I started taking this medication 5 weeks ago, with average blood sugar control.  My first experience after a couple of dosages I passed out.  For the past 4 weeks I have had system wide lymph node swelling, fever, skin sensitivity.  I have had several cancer tests.  I am going off of this HORRIBLE medicine. I have researched and have seen that there are not many like me, but there are at least 3 that have done either the same or had some of the same symptoms.  I have almost lost my job due to this medicine, and my health and well-being has been horrible since I have been taking this.  For those of you that it works for, great, I am glad it does.  Please just be aware of any of the above reactions.
I 've been on it for about 12 months. I 'm supposed to get my next shot but I 'm not I would rather get my regular cycle back than the depo. I had a lightish period for 8 months with a few days every so often that it would stop but start again at night. I was told that after 8 months it should stop. After a few weeks of month 9 it was still going. Finally it stopped for a good month I was so glad I thought it was over. I was wrong I 've had a period for 2 months straight again but this time it 's a regular 2 month long period that hopefully stops. I just want to go back to a normal cycle again. I 've also been moody, impatient, gained some weight, more acne. I wasn 't like that before. The depo sucks
First let me rate it a 1. I was supposed to take 25mg at bedtime. Woke up a little before 2 am, heart racing, hot flashes, extreme nausea. Spent next hour trying to sleep but heart palpitations, hot flashes then chills, vomiting and needing the bathroom.... 4 times! I have NEVER had this type of drug reaction like that!!! Unreal! Charging my insurance nearly $1,000 for a rubbish drug that makes people sick. Even people who don 't have a severe reactions all have nausea! It shouldn 't be legal to charge people so much for a drug. It is price gauging and insane! I still feel sick next day. Never again.  Now I am  stuck with pills worth more money than I can make and hate them.
I took this to replace Wellbutrin, which didn 't seem to work. This medication seems to make me very easily agitated not to mention the fatigue.
After two years of taking 1g per day I developed a rash; at first with itch then it seemed to be like a very bad sunburn. Areas affected included ankles, legs, thighs, belly and biceps. A trip to the doctor, I stopped taking and went home to lots of cool showers. After a week of walking around the house naked (just the touch of clothes caused burning and itching) the rash has begun to subside. 
I used bydureon seven weeks before I stopped because of the lumps at each injection site. My doctor said they would go away. It 's been three weeks since I stopped and I still have all seven lumps. This is ridiculous. No shot should leave lumps like that.
Bad at best
I have been on the shot going on four months I have bleed the whole time except for two weeks I just got my second shot it helped the bleeding slow down but still bleeding no wonder you can 't get pregnant heck who wants to have a bloody show that 's not to attractive. No sex=no baby!
This medication was not good for me. My Doctor added this to the Depakote I was already taking to help with irritability and aggressiveness. This turned me into a zombie. Walked around in a fog the whole time I was on it. Still irritable and more so because I couldn 't focus. Experienced nightmares, anorgasmia. When I could keep an erection and had an orgasm, had no ejaculate. Really scary. Took it for 2 weeks and then stopped taking it. Bad for me. May help someone else.
I had my first shot and the first three months were fine. After the second shot I haven 't stopped bleeding. When I was due for my third shot my doctor advised against having it. It should have worn off by now. I am still bleeding, now five months after my second shot, it feels like it is never going to stop.
The side effects of the medicine made me to opt out of taking the 2nd injection. Severe bone pain in the legs, back and hip along with a bladder infection causing me to be on antibiotics for months left me feeling very poorly.  I also experienced change in bowel habits as well as loss of appetite.  Twenty eight pounds were lost very quickly.
I was 7 yrs old when I starting with tics &amp; when I was 12 I was diagnosed with mild Tourette Syndrome. I gained 100lbs plus during the 15 yrs that I was on Orap, I developed medicine induced anxiety, cotton mouth, fatique/sleeping all the time, my menstrual cycles were messed up, my thought process &amp; decision making was not balanced, I developed temp. infertility, my prolactin levels were elevated dangerously high. I never should of been on Orap to begin with, Orap is for severe cases of Tourettes after ever other medicine has been tried..Orap is a last resort at a very low dosage...Please ...Please proceed with caution if you do choose to take this medicine. At age 44, I am blessed to be here today to type the rating of this medicine.
I have had my implant in for nearly two years. Every month that I 've been on this I 've had a period every two weeks, am highly emotionally unstable, and now if this thing couldn 't do it 's job any worse, I 'm PREGNANT. So no, I 'm giving it a 2 since 2 years was about how long it lasted. Not worth it.
I have had the nexplanon for 2 years and I absolutely hate it. It 's made me have very bad mood swings and also weight gain. I 've gained about 25 pounds from it and am very active and cannot loose the weight. I 'm planning on getting it removed this month coming. its been very effective but its the side effects that make it awful.
Side effects after only one (8mg) dose are impossible to live with.  Increased urgency to urinate, difficulty starting urine stream, headache, dizziness, dry mouth, nausea.  I will never take it again.
I 've had the mirena IUD in for two weeks..I end up with severe cramping every day and every day is worse.. About a month ago I started losing weight because I 've been working out 5 days a week for an hour.. Now since the last two weeks I 've gained weight.. Bloated and in pain.. and I 'm NOT gaining muscle weight from working out.. the hormones that are in the IUD mirena can make you gain weight.. and yes my Dr did confirm that. Also my breasts are in severe pain every day.. Waking up at night several times in pain so bad I can 't sleep. I 'm also depressed like I never have been and am not interested in sex. That had never ever been the case before. I also have severe back pain.. And I 've never had an UTI ...urinary tract infection.. Until getting the IUD in.. this is a bad device and should be banned and discontinued as an IUD. I 'm getting it out in two days. Thank God
I had a heavy painful period and was clotty. Also breast tenderness. I needed stop this medicine after being on it just one month....
Under direction of my MD I took Lamisil for 7 weeks and my sense of taste disappeared. The past 8 weeks my taste has come and gone. Miserable side effect.
I started taking Yasmin about 6 months ago for extreme period pain which some doctors thought might be endometriosis. It worked alright for the first month or two. I was at least able to move. After the second month I noticed that I was always hungry and eating a lot of the time. 
I was prescribed Baclofen for intermittent spasticity in my thoracic back. Also for neck, and low back spasms/nerve pain, but it 's been the thoracic pain in the past 2 years that more often than not is at times literally unbearable. My thoracic back at it 's best is constant aching/stabbing. Baclofen stinks, it makes me severely groggy, (but so do many medications) and no pain relief even having tried between low to high dosages.  1500 mgs of Methocarbomol before bed is an oldie but a goodie. It 'll put me to sleep during the day too, but at least it works and doesn 't have the bizarre loopy type side effects. However I DO NOT take it with any other medication that causes drowsiness, no narcotics, no alcohol etc...
If I could give this a negative number I would. It murdered my skin. It made my skin horribly worse. I woke up the morning after my first application (which happened to be the day I was taking the SAT!) with my skin just a horrible peeling, painful mess. My skin felt like there was acid under earth it. My face was disgusting, it was completely tight (it looked leathery!!!) and covered with dead skin, I couldn 't see fresh skin ANYWHERE. It was all peeling off. And burning. I, of course, stopped using it. But for the next 2 weeks my skin was peeling non stop (moisturizer and exfoliating were no help) and my face was dark red. It looked like I had had an absolutely horrible sunburn. This was after just using Onexton ONCE. Wouldn 't recommend.
I got Implanon because I had a horrible time with the shot, I forget pills since I can 't have my phone at work to remind me. I 'm allergic to adhesive and I have short fingers. I liked it OK at first, had some minor vertigo and nausea when the hormones began kicking in. I 'm almost at a year now, and so far I 've gained about 20 pounds and have not changed my eating or exercise habits, and every few months I end up thinking I 'm pregnant. For the last month or so I 've had the worst cramps I 've ever had, my breasts hurt constantly, and still having vertigo and nausea. Hoping my medical will let me have it removed. I 'm not telling people not to get it as I know many people have a good reaction, according to my doctor my body is overreacting.
I highly recommend that those who are prone to any sort of acne try a DIFFERENT brand of birth control. Junel Fe, otherwise known as Microgestin, is a pill that will not usually make one 's acne better, it will either stay the same OR make it worse. I was sadly in the latter category. This is because it 's a low estrogen pill. With Junel Fe I began to get acne all over my face - my jaw, cheeks, forehead, and chin. I would get up to 7 painful, embarrassing cystic lumps at a time and tons of zits that were oddly prone to leaving scars. I went from almost perfect skin to having adult acne! Nothing improved after 6 months. Seems like good skin on birth control isn 't possible for everyone...Anyway, a high estrogen pill is probably better for acne.
It 's quick acting but painful and it made me bruise and bleed a bit. It makes me feel nauseated and I vomited once, a few minutes after use. It also made me feel sleepy like my other migraine pills. This just acts quicker and makes you drowsy fast. 
I was on this pill for about a year and noticed weight gain, irritability, and horrible periods. I would have break through bleeding almost every month, and my period would last at least 10 days. My breasts were extremely tender as well. After about a month of being off of this pill and switching to another, I have lost weight and not had the bad side effects.
I started taking the generic of Seasonique on August 16th. It is now October 11th and I have not stopped bleeding. It 's the equivalent of a moderate period. I am trying to wait it out and take it through the end of the first pack to see if the bleeding subsides, but I still have another 5 weeks and I 'm not sure it 's worth it.
The coughing while on this drug (3rd month now) is driving me mental, the coughing is hard, wakes me up 6 times a night, and I sneeze uncontrollably during the day. This causes incontinence ( I am 72) I went off it today to see if I could normalize my life. My blood pressure is still high even though I am on amlopodine and a diuretic too. Also my legs ache.
I 've been on Nuvaring for two weeks and I 've been having a heavy period since I put it in. I 've also been tired, cranky, nauseated and I never want sex. I love sex! So I don 't like this birth control. I 'd rather go back to the high school method and use condoms!
I 'm 52 with heavy long lasting periods.  I was hoping for alot more results. I took it 7 mo given it a fair try. Unfortunately, it wasn 't the answer.  I have bad cramps its heavy, blood clots still.  No sex drive, fatigue,  it made me crazy and I drove my husband away.  I do not recommend it.
I took a second pill and had a severe reaction to it in less than 25 minutes. It started with nausea, hives, extremely dizzy and lightheaded, slurred speech, shortness of breath, rapid heart beat and rise in blood pressure and heart rate, severe anxiety and weakness. 
STAY AWAY FROM THIS DRUG!!!!! Everyone ranking this at a &quot;10&quot; now, will regret it later!!!! Please avoid all Benzo 's!! Especially this one!!! It wears off eventually and you 'll have to keep going up in milligrams and the next thing you know, TOLERANCE WITHDRAWAL SETS IN!! You 'll have no choice but to stop taking it and the withdrawal symptoms are hell on earth if not tapered off slooooooooooooooowly. And, even done that way isn 't a walk in the park. Again, please avoid all Benzo 's. Especially this one!!!! Goggle the withdrawal facts and people 's stories on this pill.....
When my family changed doctors several years ago, the first time my children needed a really strong cold medicine our doctor prescribed Rondec.  It did absolutely nothing.  He tried prescribing it again several different times through the years with the same result.  Maybe it works for some people, but not for anyone in my house.
It 's been 3.5 days that I am taking 875mg /125mg of clauvulin why do I feel still congested?
With my family history of colon cancer and my bout with colon cancer, I 've been getting a colonoscopy every 3 years.  This past April I was told to use Miralax. It was the first time my prep was not sufficient to proceed with the procedure even though I followed the instructions exactly.
I was put on Triamterene HTCZ 37.5-25 mg. as a replacement for Lisinopril (coughing and throat closing up after 2 yrs. on med)I was put onTriamterene in January , blood pressure was good but felt nervouse at times, mood swings, constipated. March had blood work , my uric acid level was 10.1 High, my Bun was 10.1 High, had blood in my urine and fowel smelling urine. Was not feeling well. My blood work also stated &quot; Moderately Reduced Kidney Function&quot;This med is poison to the kidneys! March stopped Triamterene was put on Verapamil ER 120MG. Seems to be working o.k..i am very relaxed on this med which helps my pb as I am a nervouse anxiouse person which brings up my BP. New Lab reports are now good.
I was given this drug and I started having pains all up and down my spine. I continued the drug because of my psychiatrists insistence that it wasn 't caused by the drug. Months later I started having problems with paranoia and insomnia. I ended up in the hospital because I was almost suicidal and they took me off the medicines. All the side effects just melted away after that.
I always read reviews but for some reason I didn 't this time.  I wish I had. This stuff it horrible, it should be taken off the market. It made my vagina feel 10 times worse than the YI. DON 'T USE THIS! I had to sit in a tub, while my husband went to get me a douche at 11pm at night. There is a reason this has so many TRUE bad reviews.
I have used this pill for a short time. The doctor told me to take it at night, that was a bad move. I couldn 't sleep at all then during the day I felt as if I was high. Didnt like the feeling. So my doctor switched me to Pristiq hopefully it will work for me.
I wasted &pound;8.60 on this garbage. Would strongly suggest antibiotics instead of wasting both time and money.
O...M...G... Called my gynnie &amp; she says, &quot;try the monistat &amp; come in Monday&quot;. I bought the monistat 1 day ovule, &amp; 2hrs later i 'm lying in bed squeezing my legs &amp; vag walls together trying to alleviate the itch! What started out as a mild itch intensified times 10. I wouldn 't wish this pain &amp; agony on my WORST ENEMY! Meanwhile my boyfriend is snoring &amp; sleeping in pure bliss. Being a woman really blows sometimes.
This drug is very dangerous too many and should only be used when there are no other options. I took it several times for back to back UTI 's. It caused tremors, insomnia, burning, tingling, numbness and severe muscle twitching in my legs. These symptoms lasted for months!!!!
Took Rosvastatin (crestor generic) 10mg for 3 mos. Had knee pain, developed severe headaches,  increased ringing and buzzing in ears. Makes me concerned about taking any statins again ever. Decreased LDL but Too strong. Noted my blood sugar was increased above the usual. So watch for that in your lab tests as it may be linked to this or other lipid medication.
Over 2 weeks of horrible cough with copious amounts of yellow phlegm; went to doc and was started on zpak. Within a few hours of first (2 pill) dose, woke up from nap starving my head off. While standing in kitchen, waiting for my leftovers to heat up in the microwave, started sweating profusely and shaking. Felt like a was going to pass out. Started eating everything I could get my hands on, as quickly as I could, until the feeling finally passed, about 15 minutes later. I have never been diagnosed with diabetes, but will certainly keep a close eye on my diet and how I feel while taking this med.
Awful experience taking this for lower back. But this week I had a spasm in my neck. IBProfin was not working. I was so uncomfortable I took one pill. It did nothing except make me feel SO tired. I didn 't even remember going to bed. The next day, I felt extremely lethargic, zombie-ish and depressed. It 's an awful and pointless medication.
I took this drug for three months and it worked wonderfully for the pain. However, after three months, I lost bowel control, which is a possible side effect.
I 've been taking Singulair for three weeks now after going off Advair, which is no longer covered by my insurance.  I now have to use a rescue inhaler several times a day and am constantly coughing and feel out of breath and tired.  Maybe three weeks isn 't long enough a trial period. I 'm hoping my breathing gets better in the next week or I 'm calling the doctor to try another medication.  
This Clonopin does not work at all. It makes me nauseous and irritable. It also gives me acne. They were out of the yellow tablets so they gave me the pink ones instead. I will not take these pain pills anymore.
If you 're sensitive to any medication I don 't recommend taking. I had an adverse reaction and it caused me to end up in the ER. I started out taking one dose and then began feeling anxious after several hours. Against my better judgement I took a second dose and the next morning felt nauseous which then led to vomiting that wouldn 't stop and severe anxiety. It also caused my heart rate to increase. I had to be treated for dehydration and nausea as well as something to calm my heart rate. An FYI I found out the hard way that Imodium AD also has similar effects on my body. I guess I 'll try and go a more natural route.
Please report these side effects properly. I also have side effects and am concerned that the FDA isn 't able to track the data not reported to them. The FDA is responsible for ensuring that foods are safe, wholesome, and correctly labeled. It also oversees medicines, medical devices (from bandages to artificial hearts), blood products, vaccines, cosmetics, veterinary drugs, animal feed, etc. 
My doctor prescribes Morphine Sulfate IR 15, to me for chronic pain. I get a really bad pain in my abdomen immediately after I take a dose, happens every time. Does anybody have this problem? The only thing I like about taking Morphine, is that I don 't get groggy from it, but, it doesn 't seem to &quot;kill&quot; my pain completely. My doctor used to prescribe me Oxycodone 40 mg, I couldn 't stand the way that it made me feel, I 'd get drowsy and feel like I was on Heroin or something and it didn 't take away my pain.
Only my depressions cause me problems, for which Epival (Divalproex Sodium) was entirely useless, even after a few months. Lithium and especially Lamotrigine proved much better options for me.
This pill is awful. I have been on it for 2 weeks and I have been cramping horrible every single day, I 've been so bloated, so tired, so moody, my anxiety I through the roof, I 've been breaking out like no other. I called my doctor to switch me back to my old pill but they said I have to finish this pack. Never taking again!!!
I have gotten my nexplanon in the middle of march and have gotten it removed thursday. It is effective of not getting you pregnant but the symptoms are not worth it i was thrpwing up,dizzy, having hot flashes, bad ass stomach pains and back pains very far more worst than having another baby. This was my first time receiving any borth control and will be the last cause of this have me feeling like this aint no telling what the other ones will do to me ! I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS BIRTH CONTROL TO ANYONE!
I used Rhofade for about 2 weeks before I started to have problems. Initially, I thought it was awesome but then I started to have a break out of red bumps that stung like crazy. I tried adding more Rhofade but it only made it worse...much worse. My face still stings even though I stopped using Rhofade. I hope I didn 't do any permanent damage.
I was given 30 mg of Restoril and I actually slept walk and nearly totalled my car by sleep driving . Thank God no one was hurt.  Later, I tried it again and fell asleep at work.  If you hide your keys and make sure someone is around to watch you, then it 's a great drug.  Hope that helps.
I 'm 5 '8&quot; and 210 lbs. Took first one yesterday. Basically knocked me out. Slept most of the day, felt stoned out of my mind. Very powerful drug. Used a coupon and paid $90 for 70 pills. What a mistake. I 'll be disposing of these today. Don 't recommend this garbage.
I wish I could tell you what it is like after my husband STOPS taking Keprra. For my husband and I this has been worse than his hit to the head. Major mood swings,can 't sleep, can 't eat, anxiety and more. It has been horrible. The thing is everybody is different, but if you are taking Keppra and these are happening to you speak with your doctor asap and try something else. It has been hard!!!!
I took the 50 mg dose and within the first couple hours felt sick to my stomach.  During the night I felt like I was half asleep but never fully out.  I had a hard time getting up the next day.  I felt light headed and kept yawning constantly.  I felt like I was in a fog that didn 't break until about noon.  Later in the day I had a headache.  I wouldn 't recommend this particular drug.
I recently got on some antibiotics for strep throats and then I got a YI. I got the 3 day Monistat cream applicator thingy. When I put it in it started to burn a little bit over the course of 30 minutes it got worse and worse. I was on the verge of tears while I was douching this evil burning lava stuff out of me. I hopped into a hot bath and it cured the burning. I would rather go to my gyno. DO NOT BUY THIS. It 's a waste of money.
I 've been using this for three months and I 'm finally taking this emotional draining mister out this next cycle. I was so excited to use this at first but as each month went by I felt more and more depressed and miserable. My labito went down incredibly low to the point where the thought of even having sex would just give me headaches. I was never like this and I 've become an emotional beast using this and it has effected the relationship I 'm currently in. I don 't recommend this, although it has amazing perks and it 's convenient it 's not worth destroying you as a person and possibly you 're relationship and own overall happiness.
Apri made me gain weight and lose my sex drive. I was able to take it continuously if I wanted which meant fewer periods. I don 't know if that was worth the other side effects though.
I wouldn 't suggest taking diclegis again. First time I tried it, I had heartburn that I haven 't experienced in this pregnancy and my heart raced uncontrollably bad that I felt like I was dying. I followed the instructions that they gave me and I threw it up 30 minutes after taking. I 'm afraid that it can harm the baby. I 'm not taking it anymore. Never want to feel like that again.  Have a terrible headache now. Worst experienced ever.
Was only one this 3 weeks.  Didn 't help much and made me nasty.  I would go from normal to telling people off.  Even family.  For no reason at all.
I felt no better. Had bad dreams and could not urinate by the second day.
I 've lost 48lbs in Five months. I love it.
Fatigue, weakness, bad bruising, bleeding, stomach pain, diarrhea, headache.
I got the Implanon at the recommendation of a close friend. Her period completely stopped on it and she was thrilled with it. I began having daily bleeding immediately after it was inserted but waited it out.  Now after 8 months, I still have &quot;bleeding&quot; mostly lining, etc. and it is a pain, I have to wear a tampon nearly everyday. I have gained weight (5 lbs) but its hard to tell if that 's just due to aging, I 'm almost 33 or not. I have dieted the past 3 weeks and the weight is so hard to lose, again can 't say whether or not that 's directly due to the medication. Tomorrow I 'm having it removed. Back to the pill unfortunately. I would say give it a try, you may be one of the lucky ones, if not, you can remove it.
Got implanon inserted in June 2015. Had spotting for abt 5 months. Now periods have stopped. Gained 8kg so far but b4 implanon lost 10kg after my bub. Feeling more bloated, Vagina muscle hurts when walking too much or exercising. (Note I never had that problem b4). Thyroid problems &amp; left side of my body is weaker than the right. Moody all the time &amp; sad. Tired with no energy. Have decided to get implanon taken out! Never again
I was prescribed 250mg, 5 day dose pack of Azithromycin for upper respiratory infection. Dosing: 2 tabs 1st day, then 1 per day for 3 days.  Took 2 tabs 1st day no problem.. 2nd day, 1 tab in morning before driving to family reunion. Almost immediate intermittent left upper chest painb.  No other symptoms of heart attack.  Chewed 2 aspirin after lunch - only slight relief. Returned home in evening and found Cardiac symptoms listed on dose pack descriptions.  Discontinued taking Azithromycin and had no recurrence of chest pains 3rd day to date. Ten days later I had electrocardiogram down and results were normal.
I was on this back in the 80 's while hospitalized for depression. It was a  horrible drug it made my mouth dry and talking difficult. Also, it must have made me say things I don 't recall saying because during one appointment with the psychiatrist in the hospital, he wrote a comments he thought I said which I hadn 't (I later saw the reports)!
Nothing, nada, zip happened.  Very dissatisfied.
I was diagnosed with FM 3 years ago. Tried gabapentin, Cymbalta, muscle relaxers and opiates. Doc finally had me gave me lyrica (after I had to try everything else first) ams at first, it worked. I did feel &quot;high&quot; but that slowly went away. After approx. 2 weeks of 75mg a day, I had horrible side effects..feeling depressed, like people were talking about me or didnt like me, had no memory or wasn 't able to concentrate but what finally got me to stop was I had thoughts of driving my car off of a hill that i drive down daily. I may suffer from pain so intensely that I cry all the time, can 't leave my home at times or feel blue because of it, but I had never thought of taking my own life. I stopped immediately despite my docs orders.
I inserted the Mirena 5 month ago. Since I inserted the Mirena I am in a cycle of continuous bleeding. I bleed every single day. I will remove this nightmare on my next visit to the OBG.
I got my first shot in June 2016 thinking it would be a better alternative from the problems I was having with the pill. I ended up bleeding for a whole 3 months which defeated the purpose of getting it for birth control because I couldn 't have sex anyways because of it. I got a second shot in August and the bleeding stopped but I started getting headaches and feeling dizzy frequently. My next shot is scheduled for October but I refuse to get another after reading other women 's reviews and horror stories. The side effects are insane and not worth the risk. I would never recommend the shot to anyone.
Worked well for three months and then developed severe side effects.
After 7 years on Zoloft, it had stopped working. I was experiencing mood swings and sadness/depression. My doctor weaned me off Zoloft and prescribed Wellbutrin. The first few weeks I immediately noticed an increased sensitivity in all my senses. There was kind of a wind tunnel effect in my ears, my body was more sensitive to the touch (great for sex life), I became hyper-sensitive to noise/vibration (a negative) and I had a keener sense of smell (not always positive). I had trouble getting or staying asleep. I stayed on it for six weeks, but when my fuse got shorter and I became very hostile and angry, I was weaned off of Wellbutrin and changed to Celexa. It 's been 2 weeks and so far so good.
Extreme nausea, dizziness, blurred vision, joint pain and rash.
Long But Important! Don 't Take This!I absolutely hate this birth control!! It makes me SO rotten! Horrible mood swings to the point where I am snapping at people at work. I have gained 100 pounds being on birth control overall.. that 's right. 100 pounds. But this one keeps tipping the scale! My acne is TERRIBLE, I have absolutely no sex drive, and my periods are so irregular. My ankles swell to the point where I can 't feel my toes, my hair is falling out in clumps, and I am absolutely miserable. Please don 't waste your time on Camila like i did. I don 't want anyone to ever experience what I am right now. I am getting it switched today. Good luck ladies!!!
I have had Nexplanon since june 2016. The first couple of weeks was perfect, but after I started feeling nauseous, dizzy and anxious all the time. I cannot stop sweating and had bad cramps during my period. I went to the hospital last week and have been told it 's the side effect of the implant, therefore I ll get it off next month, but don 't know how will survive all these side effects until then.
I have a mild yeast infection. Tried taking Diflucan One (1 x 150 mg tablet). Four days later, no improvement whatsoever. Tonight I went to the drugstore and purchased Canesten (3 x vaginal tablets) which I 've used successfully in the past.  Had I known, I would have stuck with what I know works and saved myself the $30.
I lost every piece of my beautiful long black hair in just over 3 months! Md 's asured me it would pass. Never did.
I hate myself for taking this. My symptoms before were bearable prior to me taking Monistat. Just soreness and odorless, lumpy discharge. No burning or itchiness. I don 't even know if I really have a YI honestly but it seemed like one. I took it at 12:30am, at 4:00am I woke up to pee and went back to sleep for about 20 minutes and woke back up with my vagina on fire. I was so confused because I had took Monistat years before when I was in high school for my first and only other YI and I did not have these side effects. I 've taken a long cold shower and got whatever I could out before my vagina had swelled shut. I also noticed my pelvic lymph nodes were protruding from my body. Smh. I 'm angry, sad, and embarrassed about the whole situation.
So, I was really excited about getting birth control because I wanted to wait until my next pregnancy.  I got Skyla in June 2015. The insertion wasn 't bad, but the side effects were. First, I got a really bad pelvic infection caused by Skyla. I was bleeding for a month straight with harsh cramps. Sex has been very uncomfortable, and also decreased my sex drive. I get horrible cramps even if I 'm not on my Period, the pain makes me really nauseas. I also experienced weight gain. I get a normal 3-4 day period still. It 's been a year and a half and I 'm tired of this birth control. The only good thing is that I haven 't gotten pregnant for these past 2 years.
This made me extremely nauseated. I was not even able to keep it down, let alone benefit from any pain relief.
On day five of a 10 day course I noticed a rash on my face. Over the next 12 hours it would cover my entire body. It didn 't itch it burned!! Doc said benadryl wouldn 't help so I needed a steroid shot. I was also very dizzy and tired on this medication. If you have never taken Bactrim and aren 't sure if you are allergic to sulfa drugs, I would just take something else.
I am 37 years old, in 2006 my partner start using that diabolic poison, and now we are not having sex for years, she is screaming at me all the time, sometimes she start to punch my head and face and now thanks to implanon, that amazing girl I used to know is gone, my son is 12 years old and no brothers, this destroyed our lives.  i can 't leave her because I can 't leave my son, and I am stuck in this nightmare, with a woman that simple doesn 't want  sex, before that implant we use to have a great sex life 
I was prescribed Diclofenac Sodium tablets for emergency medicine regarding my Chronic Paroxsymal Hemicrania. It was ineffective at alleviating any pain. I 'd feel a small reduction in pain level for about 30 minutes then it would spike back up. It caused my blood glucose to shoot up and I am non-diabetic. It also caused me a great deal of stomach cramps, burning pain below sternum, belching, heartburn and diarrhea. I had better response on Ibuprofen and that did very little.
So I have been struggling with heartburn Prilosec was working sometime but not all the time. Dr prescribed me dexilant! Took it for the first time yesterday. Only been one day I know but I truly think this is the devil drug. Heartburn was gone BUT the side effects are worse. Terrible stomach cramps all night and woke up with diaherra. Couldn 't even go to work.  Will not take no more of this.  I only got it for $20 bc of coupon.
Paracetamol has no pain- relief effect on me, whatsoever.
The absolute worst. I  was nauseated the entire time on it followed by the worst headaches of my life. My other half thought I was dying due to having no energy. Don 't use this product.
Nexplanon had me very optimistic and hopeful at first. NOPE! Not anymore. I 've been bleeding heavily for about a month straight and I 've been spotting since the first week I got it ! Do NOT get nexplanon. It made my anxiety so so so much worse ( so bad I was hospitalized for it). I 'm getting it out next month and I can 't wait to feel like myself again!
Honestly, I would rate Melatonin 3mg a big fat zero if I could. My doctor switched me over to Melatonin 3mg from Trazodone. I personally know from family and friends that Melatonin has worked for them. Unfortunately, it did not help me in anyway with my serve insomnia. Ironically, Melatonin did the opposite for me. I was wide awake and super active. In a strange way, I had more energy to do things. I did like Melatonin better than Trazodone because this sleep aid did not give me hallucinations. Even though I couldn 't sleep the next day I did not feel irritable or antsy. Personally, I will not recommend Melatonin to anyone but I will share my results to anybody who ask for it. I been on Melatonin for about two months, I don 't know why.
It is March 7, 2010 and I have been on Aviane since December 30, 2009. The reason I was prescribed this pill was because I was bleeding in between my periods and my doctor felt it would stop the bleeding by regulating my already regular periods (??). In any case, it DID work to stop the bleeding in between my periods; however, I weighed in at 151 lbs when I visited the doctor and was prescribed this pill and three months later, I am 165 lbs and my breast grew a whole cup size, not to mention I am moody. I stopped taking my pills as of March 6, 2010. I worked so hard to lose 100 lbs (242 lbs - 140 lbs), as if it wasn 't already bad enough that I had gained 11 lbs prior to visiting the doctor, but now I am plus an additional 14 lbs.
I was prescribed this medication for a nasty chest infection. I lasted 3 days and couldn 't handle the anxiety and depression that came along with the antibiotics. I felt tired and extremely edgy all the time. I felt like I was going crazy with all the racing thoughts. I had to take a Valium to calm myself down.  Never again !
If I could I would give this pill a 0. My period continued to come a week early and heavy, cramping became worse than it has been, I gained 5 lbs, my acne got a lot worse, my lips got incredibly cracked, and my hypersensitivity worsened greatly. Definitely getting off of this pill as soon as possible
I didn 't have the best experience with Acanya. It really dried out my skin for the first few times using it and I just felt like it made my skin look worse than my acne. My acne started clearing up for a couple of days and then totally took a turn for the worst. I stayed on it for a couple of months but It just made my skin more red and had more pimples than ever. Also because it was such a thick white paste it would peel under my makeup. I know things work different for everyone, I was just really excited when My dermatologist prescribed me Acanya because it had good reviews. It just didn 't work for me and it 's sad to say that the few days after I went off of it my acne went back to normal and I 'm still stuck with acne and acne scars.
I 've been on this birth control for about a year and I 'm not kidding each month have freaking sucked like I 'm seriously on my period for 12 to even 20 days at a time on my period. My doctor told me it would get better so after a damn year it still sucks.DO NOT GET ON IT. I have friends who experinced this as well. It ruins my life I hate being off my period for only a week out of a damn month.
Took for chronic pain of knee, back had half of 2 vertebra removed and fibromyalgia. This medicine did not work at all for me. I have taken oxycodone and methadone for pain and they made things bearable. This medicine did no good at all. I was only given 20 mgs a day after 80mg a day methadone and 80mg oxycodone. This is all the pain clinic would prescribe so I had to go back to methadone that makes me gain weight and my teeth are rotting out but I can function and have relief of pain. Still have pain but I can bear it.
Had lost 80 pounds from lap band and stalled with 30 lbs to go. Dr recommended phentermine to get over the set point and I tried it. In 3 weeks I 've only lost 5 pounds. The constipation and dry mouth are huge but I haven 't experienced any other side effects. But then again I haven 't experienced any primary effects either. Seems to me like if you 're going to risk a controlled addictive substance the reward should be more than 5 pounds.
This medication after usuing it for a month plus has ended me up in the emergency room for severe chest pains, dizziness, high blood pressure, occasional, diarrhea, Tightness in the chest , cramps and muscle aches. 
I had Kyleena inserted yesterday and I can honestly say that I have never been through anything more painful in my entire life. I have been on the depo shot for a year now so I have not had my period for over a year, meaning my cervix was almost sealed shut. When the IUD was placed, it was moderately uncomfortable with severe pain every few seconds but the worst was yet to come. I was not informed to pre medicate with pain reliever before hand so I felt the brute force of the pain. I had to lay down with a heating pad for 15 minutes before I could even get dressed. Although the doctor said that it wasn 't necessary to have someone drive you home, I highly recommend it. I passed out 5 times on the way home from the pain. Pray for my cervix.
First two weeks had good relief. It decreased after that.
Prescribed this medicine for a recurring sinus infection.  Doctor at N.W. allergy said you may have some tenderness in your lower leg tendons near ankles just don 't exercise while taking.  After a week in a half of taking medicine I could barely walk. Kept taking medicine because pain was in my upper calfs and knee joint.  Then it went into my shoulder. The doctor insisted it wasn 't the levoflaxin. Two weeks after finishing the medicine I feel like an 80 year old women with bad arthritis,  and prior to this I was a healthy active 51 year old women. Doctor still insist it wasn 't the antibiotic I just woke up one morning with knee and shoulder joint and muscle pain for no reason.  This medicine is not worth the risk and can change your life.
I have tried basically everything for my acne and Rosacea, I&rsquo;ve been on this med for four weeks and I have blackheads everywhere and three large cysts on my chin. I know you&rsquo;re supposed to give it 8 weeks but my skin has gotten SO much worse in a short time I think I&rsquo;m going to discontinue
I switched from the pill to nexplanon so I didn 't have to deal with taking a pill every day but after 4 months I am going back to the pill. The nexplanon has been an absolute nightmare for me. I have constant moods swings, extremely irritable, weight gain &amp; bloating, and I have now had a period/spotting for a full month. I also have experienced complete exhaustion which I never had a problem with until I had the nexaplon inserted. I am going back to the doctor to get this removed next week and I couldn 't be more relieved. I definitely do not recommend!
Hi guys,The one time where my partner accidentally.... inside me was when I was ovulating. I know this because my cycle is like clock work. We went to the chemist and I took the morning after pill straight away. My side affects were: extremely sore breasts and nipples, sometimes I would get a wave of almost wanting to be sick (I never vomited) and a delayed period. I then became 2 weeks late, did a pregnancy test, TADAAAH. Pregnant. Ladies, emergency contraception is not always effective. Please be careful, especially if you are not ready to have a baby. My issue now:I 'm 25, just started my own business, I have been ready to have a baby for  a while, however the love of my life is not ready at all which is heart breaking.
THE WORST! My hair fell out, I was an emotional disaster, I made poor decisions and my brain felt fuzzy. What an awful time. My period didn 't even come so I didn 't know if I was pregnant or not. What a terrible drug. Hopefully I 'll find something better next time.
This was the first medicine tried on me - I have (had) rheumatoid arthritis together with Crohns.  Sulfazine did not help. 
Within an hour of the time I took my first and only dose of Fastin (bought over the counter), I was on my way to the hospital with Tachyacardia.   The pain was enormous.
My Dad started Optivo in May 2017, by the second treatment he was terrible sick, weak, no appetite, upset stomach and talking out of his head and confused. By the third treatment he so much fluid in his feet and was so weak he couldn 't even move himself in bed..they should have never done a third treatment but was more concerned about the price of the treatment, my Dad died a week and a half later, in my opinion he spent the last part of his life miserable because of this medicine.
Does not work. I took it at 8:30 last night. It 's 6:50 in the morning. Correctol should not take this long to work, its a constipation medication. I 've been suffering from really bad cramps since I 've taken it. I would have just left it alone and went to the ER instead. They can give you medication that works in minutes.
I had mirena for about 2 years before I decided enough was enough. I was bleeding for the first 2 weeks straight, but after that I never had any bleeding at all. It wasn 't until after 6 months that I had severe  acne, anxiety/depression, and had gained 20lbs when I had not changed my exercise routine or eating habits. I 'm an Aesthetician and none of my remedies and practices could get rid of my acne. I had zero history of anxiety or depression. It became so bad I started to disconnect completely with my circle of friends. When I removed it, my doctor immediately put me on the pill again and Doctor was very annoyed that  I had it removed. I immediately started to feel like myself again as soon as she pulled the strings out! Avoid this IUD.
I 've been taking this now for about six weeks. At first it worked well, but for the last two weeks it seems to have stopped working. I 've been taking ten tablets a day for the last 6 days, that 's 200mg daily, of fluoxetine and it does nothing. I 'm going to call my doctor and ask to try something else.
3 day treatment Monistat hoping to be relieved,  absolute zero! Burning, little needles prickling,  more itching. Waste of money! First &amp; Last time using this product.  Save your money ladies,  only more pain &amp; suffering for the  $20 you 're spending!
Did absolutely nothing for me. If I could rate a 0 I would.
I was on Junel for almost a year. Had no problems with it whatsoever. Decided to go off of it and experienced SEVERE anxiety/depression and panic attacks for a month. It has now been 4 months and I am still experiencing anxious symptoms daily. Plus I have outrageous emotional PMS before my period each month..crying spells, deprssion, etc. all of these things i had never had before.
I tried Trinessa for a month and a half. It was the first birth control I had ever taken but it was the worst. My mood swings were off the charts. I don 't think a day had gone by for me without crying and/or having intense mood swings. I have recently switched to Yaz and I love it. Yaz is a good switch from Trinessa if you 're having problems. It 's a lower dose of hormones with the same effectiveness. I can honestly say I feel like a better, happier person on Yaz. Plus I have PMDD. So it has helped out greatly for moodiness. My boyfriend and I can actually hang out without fighting for stupid reasons that were just plain ridiculous before.
Started taking June 2013, once a week.  4 weeks into taking started having headaches but didn 't connect the dots.  Then started having severe sharp pain in back and upper right behind rib cage. Pain so severe, went to ER, where they didn 't know the cause (had my gallbladder removed 18 yrs ago).  Finally spoke to my primary and the connection was made.
Debilitating side effects after only 2 hours with only one 60mg pill. Extreme sweating, fatigue, difficulty swallowing and walking. Next came the nausea and intense insomnia.  Had to call in sick to work the next day due to lack of sleep and weakness.  Didn 't get out of bed until 3 pm.
I changed over to the 10mg of this after my doctor recommended taking the BRCA testing which came back with a 41% mutation. I was on this pill for three months and got pregnant. I am now 3 1/2 months pregnant. I needed to go on a low estrogen birth control because I have three cases of breast cancer in my family and they all seem to be estrogen related. I don 't know what happen, but the side affects were bad too and it didn 't work. I would be careful on this, as I took mine like clockwork and I 'm not overweight.
I was asked by Dr to try Mirena as the pill was causing a skin condition of my vulva to get worse.  I didn 't want to as the progesterone only pill when nursing made me gain weight. But she suggested 3 months so I agreed to prevent my PCOS.  It hurt A LOT!! I cramped really bad for an hour and bled for a day or two. I then had 2 periods per month.  Yes, they were lighter and no pain (it helps with pain my Dr said.)  I also had dizzines. I felt like I could faint often! I also was very forgetful. I forgot my son 's ortho appt 2xs and never had in 3 years!!! I hardly ever have acne and did all the time. I have been off a month and that quit, normal period. I lost hair but have lots. It did not hurt coming out my only good comment. Ha
I first started seeing the signs of rosacea on my cheeks almost 3 years ago (I 'm 35 now). It started with intermittent redness followed about a year later with the bumps and pustules. It 's gotten progressively worse. No luck with metronidazole, or sodium sulfacetamide. Oracea made me feel bloated and awful so I stopped that. I desperately started Soolantra about 2 weeks ago and my face has gotten worse. More redness, more pustules. Is it supposed to get worse before it gets better? I think ivermectin specifically targets demodex mites...but what if my rosacea is due to something completely unrelated? How can we treat if we don 't even know the cause? I am desperate for a solution...
I have OCD/MDD/ASD .I was leery of taking this med, especially since I had trouble on Abilify.  Abilify worked for me but came with EVERY side effect so I had to go off of it.  So a new doc decided to give Rexulti a try since it 's very similar and Rexulti is supposed to be &quot;better&quot;.  A couple of days on it and I was already getting harsh side effects;  worse than when I was on Abilify.  I started having stomach pains, sore throats, and near fainting spells.  I nearly caused a scene in Wal-mart due to feeling lightheaded.  Now I 've had panic attacks before and these near fainting spells were not it.  I 've also started to become nauseous around anything sweet (possible high blood sugar?)  The only plus is it helped me sleep.
Female aged 59 in Europe. Kidney stone (5mm) moved to ureter (just outside bladder) 6 weeks ago. Been on tamsulosine (Flomax in US) for 5 weeks. Stone not moved. Ureteroscopy scheduled for next week. Horrible side effects (fatigue, dizzy, stuffy nose, headache/sinus pain, minor nose bleeds, minor breathlessness) but continue to use in hope it might move before surgery.
I began Levora to help control my migraines that are caused by a significant drop in estrogen on or right before my period.  Although they worked for the migraines, I started to notice symptoms like extreme moodiness, crying, frustration, etc within the first month but figured my body was just getting used to it since this is the first birth control I 've been on.  Three months later it got worse and I also had problems with water weight, a huge increase in acne, and terrible dry spots all over my face.  The emotions got so bad it was affecting my relationship so I had to stop.
On my 6th day visiting Colombia rural coast area my travel companion and I got travellers diarrhea . I went to a pharmacy to buy an antibiotic called Cipro and they didn 't have it so gave me instead Mebinol (active ingredient Metronidazole), dosage is 1 capsule every 8 hours. I am on my 4th pill and still running to the bathroom.
I have had mine in for almost two years now and the bleeding is almost a constant.  I am on my period more often then I am not, which of course equals very little sex.  I kept hoping it would change and I would not get a period like my doctor said would probably happen.  Over the last year I have had problems with extreme fatigue, backaches, joint pain, difficulty sleeping, and horrible acne.  I get it taken out in two weeks and can 't wait.  Unfortunately I should have done it sooner but I did not think about Implanon as a source of the problems until my husband mentioned that it 's probably my birth control and after checking the side effects sure enough all of my ailments are side effects.  We 'll see if I feel better after removal.
My mom was prescribed Seroquel in 2010 for dementia ! I talked to my pharmacist. Tom, he showed me the FDA 's warning; Seroquel had been given the highest warning &quot;Black Boxed&quot;  Mom had Dementia, was 75 yrs old, and weighed 76lbs, she died in October,  '11
I was on this birth control for month two when I started noticing side effects. People say they never get a period? I got mine THREE times in the span of a month and a half. These were three FULL seven day periods with less than a week break in between. I became insanely depressed and had anxiety I could not handle. I spent every day crying because my emotions were out of control. I contemplated suicide many times but never tried. It took MONTHS to get back to some type of normal and even now, a year and a few months later, I still get AWFUL anxiety during my period and when I 'm ovulating. Prior to the Depo Provera I never had depression or anxiety. This was my first time and I pray that this will be my last.Wouldn 't wish it on an enemy.
I have been on the medication for the last 7 days for chronic constipation and gastrointestinal pain.  It has produced daily bowel movements in the form of diarrhea or very loose stools.  However, it has also resulted in unbearable abdominal and intestinal pain, nausea, gas, disintention, bloating, inability to eat, intestinal gurgling and intestinal spasms that last 12 full hours after taking this medication.  I was so hopeful that this would be effective and it has produced daily stools (diarrhea and loose stools)  but at the compromise of feeling 10x 's worse than I have felt not have any bowel movements or minimal bowel movements before taking this medication.
My 4 month old daughter was recently diagnosed with her 2nd urinary tract infection. With her 1st one the dr prescribed Sufrax oral suspension. We didn 't have any issue with it and it cleared up the UTI quickly. This time she was prescribed Nitrofurantoin oral suspension. She is exclusively breastfed, but will take a bottle of breast milk if offered. The Nitrofurantoin is so sweet that she won 't take it from a medicine syringe or hidden in a bottle of breast milk. Either way she spits it everywhere even if she 's hungry. My question is why TH would they add so much sugar? First, kids don 't need the extra sugar. 2nd, you can add flavored sugary syrup at the pharmacy for $1.88 if a kid won 't take it otherwise. Way to go, idiots...
I had my son on June 22nd. I received the depo shot at 3 weeks pp (July 13th) to &quot;hold me over&quot; until I could get my IUD put in in August. It is now September 11th (almost 12 weeks pp) and I have been bleeding since the day I had my son. I know for a fact this is not after birth. I had the IUD put in on August 27th. Regardless if I had the IUD put in or not, I would NOT be going back for another shot. SO tired of bleeding!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a nightmare.  I even got lock-jaw symptoms.
I was on femHRT for four months and had BV (bacterial vaginitis) all four months...it worked well for symptom management but the side effect was horrible. On an antibiotic every month until we figured out that the femHRT was causing the BV. Stopped taking it, the symptoms came back but no more BV.
Well, I never thought I 'd ever share it, but yeah.Accutane destroyed my sex drive.It 's not that I can 't get an erection or anything, it 's just that. When I start having a sexual intercourse withmy girlfriend, I don 't last long at all. I can barely ever get her to come and it 's pretty hard on my self esteem. You may say -  'Why don 't you foreplay more? ' There 's a limit to foreplay, get real.Regardless, I 'm not going to die from this, I 've been through worse.However, I completely recommend AVOIDING ACCUTANE AT ALL COST.You 'd rather have problems with sex than having acne? That 's the worse mistake you can ever make.That 's.. The worse mistake I ever made.My acne did go away - not completely, but it did prove to be very efficient on the acne
Had a bad experience with all side effects.  
I am 16 weeks pregnant I and noticed that I had some mild itching due to my soap, I learned that the soap was causing issues, I had my husband go out and buy me the Monistat 3, I used it and I was burning so very badly, the burning stopped eventually, but I am very scared to take day two. I had to put on a liner, I don 't feel itchy anymore, but I don 't know of that was enough. I hate, hate, hate pelvic exams, but I may have to get one from my OB 
My girlfriend went insane on this pill. Crying all day, everyday and just constant fighting. We got to the point where we couldn 't take it anymore and we are at a breaking point. She 's gained alot of weight, she got whiney, and doesn 't know how to control her anger. I 'm making her get off this.
Had this horrid torture device in for a little bit over a month before I came to the conclusion that the women that put up with the absolutely dreadful side effects had to be completely and utterly desperate not to get pregnant. This contraption must have been spawned straight from  a dark place, cause thats exactly what it felt like being on it. The night time was the worst for me insomnia fever chills throwing up heart racing. Whatever this thing is all I can tell you is it isn 't good. If your period is regular do natural family planning its extremely effective at preventing pregnancy the only reason I 'm not able to do it is cause my normal menstrual cycle is unpredictable as heck don 't know why but its always been like that.
I 've been on it for almost 3 years. Mood swings were horrible at first then got manageable. Started developing horrible acne which I have never had before and I know its from the pill :( it comes on a week before my period every month and lasts 2 weeks. Hoping to switch and find something better for me.
First day 10m I felt euphoria and off. Second day I felt intense depression, fell asleep driving at a red light around 3pm. Had thoughts of sucide and second thoughts about mental hospitals. My eyes dilated and I was very anxious. No thank you! Horrible experience.
I bought this for a cough for my bronchitis. It is beyond worthless. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS. I called my doctor for a prescription for Robitussin with Codeine and it was $5.00 cheaper and very effective. (generic-of course)
After about six weeks of starting Diovan 80 mg my blood pressure began to go higher.  My dosage was increased to 160 mg. My blood pressure would go up and down, reaching  to over 200/100 several times.  After a trip to the ER twice and the hospital once, I decided to take myself off Diovan and go back to my old medicine. Problem solved.
I was prescribed this drug for panic disorder and was on it for 2 weeks. I have never felt wise in my entire life. I did bit eat or drink unless forced, spiraled into depression, and just was not the excited loving person I normally am. I world go home and state at the wall for 5 hours then crawl into bed and sleep. I had nightmares each night. I felt dead and like I was floating above my body. My friends and teachers became more worried than before. I had to get off that pill
I overdosed on Ambien. Don 't remember much of what happened but i wrecked my car, got pulled over. I do remember waking up at 10pm thinking it was 10am and I was late for school thats why I drove. I didnt go to the hospital. It 's weird that I dont remember much like who I talked to or what I said. Traumatizing.
Badly allergic by this medicine. I got face swelling and I suffer 7 days by this condition, my mouth and my gums all are swelled, even I am not able to brush or eat any thing. 
After taking the 2nd shot started having back pain, pain in my knees and hands I can 't take statins for the same reasons I was hoping this was the drug without the pain
Tried the 145 and the 290.  I am so disappointed that neither worked.
Side effects I had were light tremors in the morning and bad headaches, they eventually went away, but the medicine did not do anything for my pain.
Fexofenadine only slightly reduced my nasal symtoms, but did no reduce any of my utacharia/dermatitis rashes, Trying ceterizine now,.
Daughter age 15 took overdose of accutane in attempted suicide. Treated in emergency room and admitted to children 's psychiatric hospital for one month. Treated by psychiatrists into young adulthood.There was no definitive linkage made and no investigation to find one. This took place in early 90s and the risk of depression and suicide might not have been well known. Anyone using this drug should be extremely vigilant, especially if patient is a teenager..
I had the Mirena inserted 9 months ago, it is now September and boy do I REGRET it! I got it to treat menorrhagia and polyps because I was getting my period every other week and I would have to double up on super tampons and pads. So my doctor recommended the Mirena, well I got it inserted and for the first few months I was bleeding very heavily for 17 days straight and finally when I thought my body got adjust it just didn 't, it goes from bleeding past 31 days! To at least 9 days, it 's honestly terrible. I 've had horrible back pain and crampin it 's the worst thing I 've ever experienced, But the worst part is that I 'm bleed so much I have become so very anemic . The polyps are gone so I 'm going to try to stick it out a little longer.
I 've been on Lo Loestrin FE for a little over 3 months now and I am - thankfully - going off of it.  A new doctor made me go on it and it is the worst thing I have ever been on.  I have not had a period since I 've been on it.  I get massive cramps when I 'm supposed to have it but I have no flow at all.  I have been very depressed since I 've been on it.  I 'm not a depressed person normally and this has made me so depressed it 's not even funny.  I have horrible mood swings and my appetite increased greatly.  I have also experienced digestive problems since I 've been on it.  Also, it 's very expensive.  With insurance, I paid over $75 a month and there is no generic.  I really do not recommend this.
Dr. gave for UTI and 100 mg twice a day for 10 days.  first day took oneand night had terrible pain in the stomach, next day took 2 and that nightmy throat swelled............that was it and I read the side effects, I  had twothat was enough for me since I had spent three nights in ICU at hospitala couple of years earlier for swollen tongue from allergic reaction to Lisinprol forblood pressure.............I did not want to take that kind of chance. I am sure there is other medicine out there, but he felt I didn 't give it a chance.It looks like you can have different reactions at different times...meaning it doesn 't bother you one time you take it but it can the next time. side effects deadly.
I 've had macrobid twice now for UTI and I feel like I 'm gonna die, can 't take a lot of antibiotics bc I am allergic to penicillin and sulfates. But this medication scares the hell outta me, I 'm pregnant and I 've stopped taking it for three days and symptoms haven 't disappeared
This did not work for me at all. I lay in bed for the third night in a row, congested and unable to sleep. Not sure why it doesn 't work for me, but I am severely unsatisfied. No side effects, but no desired effects either.
Prozac along with other SSRI 's do not mix well with my body. I have a loss of appetite, no sex drive, nauseating effects, and a &quot;mild mood&quot; (loss of my true personality). 
Extreme pain and inflammation on the sight where injection was done.It happened in my first and now my second set of injections.  The swelling last for about a week. I will not be getting my 3 rd set of synvisc injections. Too painful.
WORST LAXATIVE EVER!!! Horrible cramping and gas!! Took a very long time to work! I didn 't take 3 tabs at once I took two. I wouldn 't recommend going this route. It has made me miserable.
I feel ill constantly on this meds. I am confused and my heart is pumping like crazy and the best thing is after 4 days there is no improvement of my ears. I just had nurse check my ears and it is still red
Had a bronchoscopy that went a little long, so sux was used to supplement the regular anesthesia. Starting the next day I underwent 3 days of literally screaming agony; my entire body was stiff and to a certain extent unresponsive to conscious movement commands, and I felt made of dry wood. Kind of like the Tin Man (&quot;Oilcan. Oilcan!&quot;). Walking with 3-inch steps, groaning in pain with the slightest movement. 5 more days of decreasing pain after that. I believe I am still suffering from it 3 months after the fact. I 'm continually dizzy and have had 5 or 6 blackout falls.
Kept me up all night. Just the reverse effect. I took it to sleep and then stayed up all night. I will not be taking it again. Trazadone works better
I have been on this pill for 3 weeks.  I am pre-menopausal and am anemic so the dr. thought the pill might regulate my bleeding.  So, I am not using this as a birth control method.Week 3 I had suicidal thoughts all day and severe depression.  I am never like this.  I am also bleeding and have severe cramps.  I never had cramps with my menstrual cycle before.  I called the dr. today to put me on something else.  After reading all of these reviews I am convinced it is this b.c. pill
I was diagnosed with asthma and COPD and was given symbicort. First I lost my voice , then I would get constant leg cramps at night, then I started to lose weight. I went to see my new doctor, by the way my previous doctor sent me to have my throat examined for any problems and all came out ok. My new doctor asked me &quot;who told you you got COPD&quot;?  my previous doctor. She asked did I have a lung test and I said no. Then  told me to quit symbicort get a chest x-ray  a full lung test and a complete blood scan which came back Normal. Now it 's been over a week since I stopped symbicort and am breathing normal don 't cough got my appetite back and don 't use my rescue inhaler which I seldom used . Get a complete lung test before taking symbicort.
I did not lose a single pound during the 15 day free trial. I ached all over, muscle aches pains, general malaise. Decided not to continue after the free trial and let me just say that the withdrawals from this drug are horrendous. Had high hopes for Belviq but seriously thought I was going to have to go to the emergency room the second day after I stopped taking it. Had racing heart beat occasionally while taking it.
I was first given reglan after my third bowel obstruction surgery and it worked very quickly. I was on it three times a day for three years. The long term use caused, nausea, 50lb weight loss, visual disturbances, fatigue, Parkinson like shaking, suicidal thoughts and irritability.  I would not recommend this to anyone.
I was given a cocktail of reglan and Benadryl for a migraine at the ER. Within no time the migraine was gone, but a few minutes later I got an awful panic attack. I thought was going to die. I wanted to rip the iv out of my arm. When this happened my boyfriend got the doctor and she said this happens to about 50% of people. Since I 'm so small they started with only a half dose of Benadryl to make me sleep, but after I couldn 't sleep because of the side effects from reglan they gave me the other half dose. I am lucky to have had my bf there to get a nurse and calm me, and I 'm lucky they could give me more Benadryl. I will not take this medicine again. If you have to take reglan bring someone to help you, but I suggest not taking this at all.
I only took this medication for two weeks and had to stop. Right away I noticed moodiness and depression worse than anything I 've ever taken. Had a very heavy &amp; long period with cramps and nausea. After period stopped- 3 days later started bleeding heavily again. 
I was taking Singulair along with Advair for several years. Did not think that it really did that much for me but the Doctor advised me to take it. Only after my sister said she stopped taking it because of leg cramps did I connect the &quot;dots&quot;.  I had been having such terrible leg cramps but no one would say it was because of Singular. I stopped taking it and after 3  months I no longer have the leg cramps.
I have never given birth before and I m 25 years of age. I wanted a hormone free bc option so decided on getting the copper t inserted. The procedure was not bad did not feel any cramps during the procedure but had cramps for 24 hours after it. Tried to minimize the cramps by taking the highest does of ibuprofen. Had no cramps the next day just spotting for a few days and periods were normal no change. When I went to my doctor for a follow-up found out the copper t had been rejected by my uterus and had to get rid of it. I think it 's the best option if you don 't want to load your body with hormones. Hopefully will think about it after I 'm done having kids!
I 've had the implanon for about 6 months and I 've bled constantly. I cry very easily and get very angry extremely quick. I have no sex drive. Always exhausted and I 've gained weight. The Implanon has caused me to become anemic also. I 'm getting it taken out in 2 weeks. I 'm going back to the pill.
Rubbish! It did absolutely nothing...
Have been taking this for near on 2 months. Firstly 15mg which helps me sleep, psychiatrist upped the dose to 30mg which keeps me awake. I have a very high metabolism and have been between 8 and 8 and a half stone for as long as I can remember. I have gained 3 stone and am now near on 11 stone and can never feed my appetite. I am constantly hungry and people keep asking if I 'm pregnant as my stomach looks bigger than my friend who is 26 weeks gone! would recommend for sleep but not if you don 't want to gain a ton of weight!
I 've decided to get IUD after the birth of my 2nd child So on August 18th 2017 I finally got it, I wish I hadn 't have asI 've been bleeding since and lots of cramping feeling lazy, moody having no energy at all and sleeping all the time 
I had a terrible reaction to Cymbalta called Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome.  Stiff muscles, couldn 't stand let alone walk to the phone, couldn 't feel my hands and feet, fever, blood pressure through the roof. After a family member found me on the floor drooling I was taken to the hospital in an ambulance.  I realize this is a rare side effect, but it does happen.  What 's great for one person may not be great for the next.
I took zovia for one month. After one week of being on the medication, I  felt awful. I was getting headaches and nausea. On top of that I had nonstop cravings. I had to go off of it!
I was prescribed this medicine for my morning sickness. I haven 't been able to get out of bed since I found out I was 6 weeks pregnant. This medicine does help me to not feel nauseous, but the side effects are terrible. I feel as if I 've been given a heavy sedative. I started with the prescribed does of two pills at bedtime. When I woke up the following day I could barely lift my head off the pillow and was in and out of strange drug enduced sleep all day. I tried taking the medication again but only taking one pill. The effects were the same and I felt like I was on heavy drugs. Tried for a 3rd time but only a half pill. Same outcome. Can 't get out of bed, foggy and in and out of sleep.
I 've had migraines for over 30 years and have tried so many things. My doctor started me on Verapamil 240mg 3 weeks ago. I 've had no relief. If anything my migraines have been more intense. This was pretty much my last chance as I have tried everything else. I average 12 to 15 migraines a month and am so tired of them. I was so hoping this would work. I 'm going to give it a little longer but am getting night sweats and dizziness from it.
This was not the answer for me, I developed a bad rash and itching over my entire body and now my ears ring and that will never go away. Just from taking it for under a month.
I had run out of Zovirax cream and was waiting a day or so on a refill from my dr. I was having a bad breakout with 4 on my lips, ugh!! I read a lot of reviews for Abreva and wish I went with my guy and not buy this crap (for $25 to boot)! Doesn 't work whatsoever. One review said that they actually woke up the next morning with another sore - and so did I! So upset with this product I may write a letter to them demanding a refund.
I had been taking Gildess(generic for loestrin) for over 2 years(&amp; never had an issue) up until the manufacturer discontinued it. It was at that time when I tried everything from Blissovi, Junel, Microgestin. I 've never had an issue with acne unless it was my  'time of the month ' with 1-2  'period pimples '. My skin became acne prone as soon as I stopped taking Gildess, to the point where I started getting cystic acne, even with upping my skincare routine &amp; rarely wearing makeup. I stopped immediately &amp; decided to give the loestrin fe 1/20 brand name a try. I 'm on my 2nd pill &amp; can already feel my face starting to break out again. Stay away from this birth control. It 's not worth the emotional/physical discomfort :(
The only thing it did for me was make me so tired that I could not function. I had to wait 24 hours before it wore off.
Had a bad allergic reaction to this medication after 2 pills and stopped taking it.  Asked for another DIFFERENT medication.
Started this almost 3 weeks ago, no side affects except dry/flaky skin on hands , now week 3 nauseous 24/7 and headache 24/7,  nothing is taking the headache away not imatrex (RX headache reliever) not excedrin NOTHING. I can 't even eat , I feel like it 's going to just come right back up. It 's like it built up in my system for weeks and now my body is rejecting it. It made me feel better emotionally but physically I can 't take it, I  just want to stay in bed cause I feel like crap... I know it 's the med cause it started on the exact day I started the 3 rd sample bottle. I 'm stopping it. I haven 't had a headache like this in years or been nauseous.
I got the implant December 2016, the insertion went perfectly fine and I have yet to experience any problems with it. I also never had a period again after I started Nexplanon which is the only positive thing I can say about this birth control. It 's made my skin break out so much worse and has made me start to get blemishes on my back and shoulders, but worst of all I have noticed a giant spike in anxiety and depression, to the point of suicidal thoughts and almost a suicide attempt. I am undiagnosed and always had social anxiety, but it got remarkably unbearable after the insertion, I plan on getting it out this year. I 've also lost 16 lbs &amp; am now medically underweight. I would not recommend if you have history with anxiety or depression
All I can say, from my experience, the pill is not very effective. From the other reviews I read, it seemed like it worked for most people. My boyfriend and I had unprotective sex 4/25. I took PLAN B within 24 hours. Figured I would be okay. Missed my period. Took a pregnancy test and yes... it was positive. Maybe if I would have taken it sooner than 24 hours, I might have gotten lucky. Not this time.
When I first started the shot, everything was great.  I wasn 't bleeding, it worked as a birth control.  Then, a month later I started bleeding heavily.  I bled for the entire month and longer.I also suffer from bipolar disorder, and this shot only enhanced both my manic and depression episodes.  I became extremely irritable, erratic, and finally, I became suicidal.  After being hospitalized my doctor expressed concern that the shot had worsened everything.  If you suffer from any mood or anxiety disorder I strongly caution you against using this form of birth control.  I have used the pill before and never suffered such severe side effects with my mood.  
I was on Loestrin for about 3 months after a year on generic OrthoCyclen. Initially it was a great switch because the last one made me extremely moody, but the new one had no emotional effects. The first two months we annoying because I was having breakthrough bleeding. By the 3rd month I finally had a normal cycle, but after finishing the 3rd pack I noticed a LOT of my hair was falling out! Apparently Loestrin is a high androgen pill that can cause hair loss, and with a history of hair loss in my family I should never have been on it in the first place. Please talk to you doctor about this side effect before starting; I 've lost over 20% of my hair in the last week and it may last another year.
Switched from my old BC to yaz and immediately felt a difference the first few days I was SO  emotional. VERY significantly so. By the end of the first week I was full on depressed and it continued on to the second week. Everything triggered me. :(  but I like the sticker on the top with the days.
This has caused multiple sexual side effects, urinary retention, almost constant hot flashes and sleep problems. It did nothing for my anxiety. There were no benefits to me from this drug.
This had very little effect for me. I found I had to take double the prescribed dose just to get a little relief.
Had unprotected sex with my boyfriend and to be on the safe side I took the pill right away. It said within 72 hours. Well long story short I ended up pregnant!
Understanding how approximately 5-10% of Prostatis cases are bacterial related, I don 't dismiss the appropriateness of prescribing this drug. However, Ciprofloxacin not only did nothing for me during my 30 days of usage, but also gave me a permanent sunburn and strep in an area of my body that antiboitics have had extreme difficulty in eradicating. I must warn of taking extreme precaution when using this drug; in my experience it was poison.
I was on Marvelon for 10 years until my benefits plan changed and it only covered generic brands of the birth control pill. When my pharmacist informed me I questioned him profusely asking if it was the same Marvelon. While I was on Marvelon for 10Years I had no side effects/felt great on it. As soon as I started taking apris I became  moody, irritable and very very gassy. It almost felt like I was pregnant.  As soon as I started researching apris vs Marvelon I discovered all the poor reviews. I then decided to pay out of pocket to go back on Marvelon the next month because I hated feeling horrible. I went back on Marvelon but what happened next was a blessing in disguise. I became pregnant with my 2nd.  Apris messed up my system.
I typically have a severe flareup of sacroiliac joint pain with attending sciatica once a year or so. Mornings are truly the worst;  gave birth med- free to three  babies, with &quot;back labor&quot; each time. That pain is about 2/3 of what this sacroiliac/sciatic pain can be,particularly when standing, walking, and sitting in the morning.Debilitating, searing pain. I 'm a nurse, and also avoid pharmaceuticals in general. MD suggested Gabapentin for sciatica, am also doing PT. So far, this  has given me a good night 's sleep with less rotisserie-like spinning. Felt groggy upon rising, kind of fuzzy. The morning dose was taken-- left me very uncoordinated, blurry, kind of &quot;spinny&quot;. Won 't continue med. I need a clear mind, also, no real pain relief.
One week one, 100 mg week two, 200 mg half way into third week, diarrhea, feel hungover, only sleeping 3 to 4 hours a night, horrible anxiety like something bad is going to happen, getting angry at just about anything. This medication isn 't for me.
I have suffered with sciatica for years. I have done physical therapy out the wazzoo. I have had injections. Nothing helped till Lyrica. It took a little trial and error to find exactly the right dose for me, but my pain is managable without narcotics for the first time in many years.
I haven 't used this for very long, probably less than a week, and I know your body 's suppose to get use to it however after reading these experiences I don 't think my symptoms are gonna change. I 'm not sure how effective the pill is for sex because I used it to calm down my periods however ever since I 've started using it I get pains in my lower stomach. they feel like period pains and the pill has put my whole mood down. I do get acne kinda normally however i broke out so much on my forehead and I 'm almost positive it 's from this pill. it 's Thursday and I started it Sunday and I 've gained probably 5-6 pounds already. it literally makes me hungry 24/7 which is a nono. i 'm either stopping all together or switching to a new pill.
I had such bad side effects from Abilify with no positive effects. My cholesterol went up, I had heartburn or acid reflux every night that would wake me up. I got totally paranoid and was even scared to drive or ride in a car. I had unusual fears of dying, I had a hard time laying still and would have to move my legs and arms. I got really bad dizzy spells usually while I was driving,, which created more fears of driving. I still haven 't found something that works for me. Losing hope.
I took Prozac for about five months 1989-90.  I felt buoyant for the first six weeks, then less so.  After three months or so, my mood was down and my fingers were stiff and painful upon waking.  After four months, both hands and feet were in pain and did not function for an hour after waking.  The condition persisted, in an ever-diminishing form, for five years after discontinuation of the medicine.  I am told that my reaction was rare; nevertheless, it happened to me.
Caused my 10 yr old son to develop severe depression, and a facial motor tic which never went away. Now he takes medication for not only ADHD but also depression and tics. Worst drug experience ever!
I have been taking this medication for 4 days and still have the same problems, but not only have the infection I now feel like I have the flu, my body feels like I have been hit by a train. I am calling the doctors tomorrow to see if there is something else I can take.
Started Contrave in the 2nd week of January..the first week was different I was very sick to my stomach all day every day for almost 10 days.  Once that passed I did not notice any changes at all.  I gave it over a month a didn 't lose a pound.  So disappointed especially with what I had to pay for prescription.
I 'm hypothyroid and skinny as a rail and cannot even gain a single pound, 58 yo, 5 '6&quot; 88 lbs, thyroid damaged through radiation, have been on synthroid/levothyroxin 50 mcg daily, and I notice no change at all, still no energy, still totally exhaust 24/7,still losing weight like crazy with a relatively healthy appetite. However, since I totally trust my oncologist, I keep taking them.
I started Victoza today. At only 0.6 mg. I felt so undeniably and utterly  unwell that I cannot imagine even trying it for a second day.   In summary, severe low blood sugar symptoms,  ravenously hungry  and I was also prescribe this for weight loss as well as diabetes,  headache, no energy, and a general feeling of being very not well. In short I do not recommend this to anyone.
Not happy with the regular diarrhea, thinning hair and general muscle weakness.  Also my arthritis has amplified quite a bit since starting Lithium.  Not as depressed in general, but I don 't feel like myself and I 'm really scared this drug will eventually do major damage to my physical health.  The long term side effect profile is just awful.
Imuran caused a 10 day hospital stay for me.  I was on it about 2 weeks, started running a fever of 104, had chills, very short of breath.  I was treated for regular flu, swine flu, tested for all sorts of other breathing problems.
Not impressed with this drug.  I was prescribed a 50mg tablet 4 times a day for 7 days to be taken with food. This was a struggle. Who wants to eat 4 times a day when you 've lost your appetite and especially last thing at night for the final dose. Might have been working slightly by the last day but gave up then and am now taking Cefalexin.
I have been on this medication for almost a year and the cramping that comes with this birth control is absolutely the worst. I figured after a few weeks the cramping would die down but it didn 't. I feel like my organs are being ripped apart from the inside out. These god forsaken cramps put me on my knees wishing for death. I can tolerate pain but when it feels like my cervix is being sliced and pulled apart constantly for almost a year, something has got to give. Did the birth control do it 's job? Yes, I 'm not pregnant. But is all this pain WORTH not being pregnant? definitely no it 's not. Getting this thing out asap.
This medicine was awful. I took it for severe nausea and vomiting and it made me anxious, nervous, and on edge. I have never felt that way before and will never again take this medication.
Started this medication due to breastfeeding. Worst birth control ever. My periods are EXTREMELY heavy and lasts forever , bloating out of this world and minor weight gain. After this pack, I 'm done. Will never take this again.
This is VERY tricky to evaluate. My new doc raved about as it had helped her.&quot;They should pipe it right into the water supply!&quot; She squealed. Well...I would rather be clear and sad, than in a zombie-twilight world.  20mg after 2 weeks and I am fed up. Utterly impossible to climax and have an orgasm. And believe me-I tried!2nd-My girlfriend noticed that I completely stopped playing and practicing guitar! And I am a pro.It 's just too dangerous of a mind drug, and perhaps only suitable in extreme situations like death of a family member.Certainly not for just being in a rut, sadness or the blues. It will just zombie you out. Glad I experienced it. Time to move on with life. Without a brain fog chemical. Orgasms are a sign of life
I 'm getting this removed right away. I never had acne and now my face is covered in acne scars. I have acne all over my chest and back. I got it in July of 2014 and I was bleeding non stop 6 days on 3 days off and repeat. Until about November then I had it once in November, Once at the very end of December, and I have not had a period, not even spotting since the January 3, 2015. (Its September 2015). I am so worried this will cause huge complications in the future. Im getting it removed right away.
Cymbalta did nothing to lessen my anxiety.
I took these pills for an attack of hives and anxiety.  I am female and aged 78.  After three days I began to feel nauseous.  I was OK before I went on a long car journey.  After half an hour with my husband driving I began to feel extremely ill.  He managed to stop the car as I was near to fainting and I vomited at the roadside.  I felt as if I was losing consciousness for about 15 mins and felt extremely sick, but could not vomit.   I felt my BP was extremely low.  Finally I felt able to return to our home.  The doctor who gave me the pills was one I was not known to.  I was a visitor to the town.  I have a history of tachycardia and arrhythmia and was diagnosed with M.E. 8 years ago.  I told the doctor of my medical history.
Does not cure pain nor does it last anywhere near 24 hours - more like 10. Complete garbage.
Wasted my money on this antibiotic. Made me feel so nauseated for several hours after taking it, &amp; gave me diarrhea, but I tried it for four days, twice daily, hoping it might treat the UTI I had it prescribed for. No such luck Yet. Still having symptoms of burning, urgency and frequency; now I 'll be going back to the clinic, to wait for hours and get a new script. Wait in line at the pharmacy, pay more money...Such a waste of precious time, money &amp; sick leave.
i purchased monistat 1 day, max strength. came with ovule + applicator, cream, and cooling wipes. unfortunately i was one of the unlucky ones who didn 't read the reviews before using. every 1 star review is accurate - hellish burning, extreme discomfort, feels like satan has taken residence on your vagina, etc. it wasn 't until i removed about half of the cream that i felt a little better. the cream seems to make the sensation worse. the only thing that worked on the package are the cooling wipes. sad. not even sure if in the end, my yi will be treated.
I have IBS with diarrhea. Out of pocket price $500.00 for Xifaxan 550 mg three pills a day .It did not work for me at all. After two weeks of the pills diligently taken.  Waste of money .I had no side effects.   But the pills did not work for me the diarrhea persists as does  nausea sweating and stomach cramps.  I have run out of ideas as has the dr.  Don 't waste your money.
Only took 2 days. Leg pains already, flu like symptoms, felt feverish, but no fever. Cold, clammy chills. I can 't take statins, and it seems this is a no-go also.
My experience has been great and horrifying. Now, to explain myself I will list the effects I 've had so far. I am on my fourth dose of my 40 mg vyvanse. I was put on 40 because my doctor said it would be okay. ADVERSE EFFECTS: *Severe* Just today on my fourth dose I had experienced something new my entire life..sitting on my chair I lifted my leg and was overcome with the feeling of it, &quot;falling asleep&quot;. It was overcome abruptly out of nowhere with the feeling of tiny bubbles in the numbers of thousands racing from my foot up to my thigh without any of these, in idea of description bubbles popping. Until it reached my thigh when it was immediately somewhat relieved...skip to later today and my leg was paralyzed almost
Considering going off of it.  Too many severe side effects such as painful hands and feet, tendinitis of wrists, weight gain.
This birth control is a near traumatic experience. I have gained 30lbs. I have had this implanted in my arm since 2013. On top of the weight issue I have experienced constant bleeding, emotional ups and downs, and a fire cracker temperament. I 've set up appointments but the timing has been poor considering I have just gotten out of the military, moved across the country and moved into a new house. I did however manage to start using the nueva ring and it did however help a lot with maintaining the current weight and with 1 1/2 hrs of gym time a day was working to get down to a happier weight. Recently I have ran out of the nueva ring and even with so much time in the gym it 's like a gained 5 lbs in my sleep. Working on getting it removed
I only tried a sample and not very good tasting. Price is around $500 per bottle, a month 's supply I guess. Also, Medicare doesn 't cover it and no coupons. Not sure if it would help, but it 's too expensive for me.
For me it causes severe cramping pains on both sides of my lower abdomen extending downward to the back of the thighs. It has a colitis like symptom, and it is very painful.
Me and my mom are allergic it! Tung become swollen with trouble breathing!
First off, let me say that this birth control was effective in preventing pregnancy for me, despite many negative side effects I experienced taking this pill. I was prescribed Ortho Cyclen to lessen period cramps, abnormal bleeding, and to prevent pregnancy. I can say the mood swings involved with this pill were miserable to deal with. I felt depressed or angry 99% of the time on this pill, but I wanted to give it a long enough time to see if my hormones would regulate. Not only was I sad, irritable and experienced low libido.....but I felt restless and nauseated from the hormones. i would not recommend this pill to anyone, and that is my humble and honest opinion.
I was diagnosed with RA in 2013. The pain was so excruciating I realized I was dealing with a monster. I wish I could say this drug has done wonders. Quite the opposite. The RA drugs make me physically sick. After methotrexate and Humira and the lung infection that nearly killed me, I realize these drugs have serious side effects. Plaquenil. Does absolutely nothing for me. Makes me irrational and depressed and unable to lose weight. Guess its back to Biologics. Rheumatologist is pulling out the big guns. Orencia infusions four hours in duration. Read Orencia infusion reviews which were horrific. But at this point in time podiatrist says I will be in a wheelchair by the time I am 60. Turn off my immune system or wheelchair...Hmm.
Give me osteoporosis.  Nothing worst than this!  I could not get myself to take my weekly dose today.  I have been taking Alendronate Sodium 1 month now.  I feel so....bad.  Today before taking it I decided to read the reviews on it.  OMG, I identified with all.  I have never had so much pain, bones, joints, jaw, feet, dry mouth and sore eyes.  How can a company put out such a product?  I am so glad for everyone who posted their reaction for this terrible drug.
My 8yr old daughter has been on Vyvanse for almost 2yrs. She started on 20mg a day, she seemed to be doing better as far as focusing, but very emotional. Her doctor decided to up her dose to 30mg and now 40mg. The 40mg also seemed to help at school her grades went up and she was able to pay attention. I 'm now noticing that my little girl is not the same person, she 's has become rude, depressed, emotional, getting in trouble, suicidal and just out of control. Parents really should keep a journal of changing side effects they notice. Needless to say my daughter is no longer taking this medication and not yet found one to replace it.
2 weeks after giving birth to my son I chose to get depo . I been bleeding on and off for 8 months &quot; I 'M SO OVER THIS &quot; my side effects are being moody at times, and I 'm losing my hair.. lady 's your not the only one. You have the right to switch up on your birth control.
Worse pills ever.. Took it for 3 months and never got my period (I 'm not pregnant) I always feel sick and exhausted after a long day a lot of headaches and dizziness.  No sex drive. Don 't try it
Horrible BC. I have never in my life experienced any skin problems, but once I got on this pill I had pimples all over my face. I got my period almost twice a month and a lot of spotting. Also had mood swings on it. At least my cramps stopped and breast tenderness stopped but other than that HORRIBLE!
just started pradaxa and second day had severe heartburn and stomach burning just 15 minutes after taking pill. Checked with my doctor and they suggest taking with food. I tried immediately after lunch also using ranitidinE. It seemed okay. Then second pill after dinner but approximately 2 hours after eating and had almost immediate heartburn and stomach burning. I have had stomach ulcers so I am concerned.
I developed severe shoulder pain in both shoulders after about 5 days. The doctor assured me it wasn 't the Vyvanse. Well after 2 weeks of severe pain I thought I 'd do my own google search and found plenty of people complaining about vyvanse causing joint pain. I stopped taking vyvanse as soon as I read these forums where people described their joint pain. After 3 days 80% of the pain was gone and it took about a month before 95% was gone. My left shoulder now  'clicks ' and often I wake up and my left shoulder is in a position where it 's very painful. I wish the doctor would go over all side effects when then prescribe medication so you know when something starts to happen that it is the medication.
Also wanted to add since I ran out of room on my last post that this medication has also caused me to have SEVERE hot flashes, I 'm going through menopause but my hot flashes were not as bad until I started taking fetzima, after I went off of it for 3 months my hot flashes almost vanished, not as severe and not so many and now I 've been back on fetzima again for 3 months and HELLO HOT FLASHES, this medication is the worst!!!!!!!!
Hi everyone,  My new name is Misery... because ever since I got this nexplanon Implant 7 months ago that is what I have been. I have gained 30lbs and went from a size 5 in jeans to a size 8. My hips hurts and feet hurt which didn&rsquo;t start until I gained the weight from the implant. My mood is awful, I have zero energy and I got stretch marks on my arm in the area that I got the implant. My other arm is fine and I&rsquo;m just literally depressed right now. I get this horrible implant taken out next week &amp; I cannot wait to get back to my regular self and try to lose all this weight. 1:10 do NOT recommend especially if you Have the tendency to gain weight easily. Yours truly, Misery
So I began the pill 3 months ago and all was well for like 3 weeks then once it came time for my period it lasted 17 days, no joke. It was horrible, no pain really but just way too long and annoying now on the 3 month mark I have been having symptoms of IBS and acid reflux so nauseous all the time and very bloated and crampy, not to mention my anxiety of pregnancy has sky rocketed due to these side effects and the fact my period is so light and only last 4 to 6 days, with no symptoms. It is nice but how am I supposed to know I 'm for sure not pregnant. It is horrible can 't wait to go to my appointment. I also have gained around 5 pounds that I cant drop in only 3 months. It is horrible for me at least
When I took Latuda, I had terrible back spasms that lasted for hours. I couldn 't stop moving and when I sat down I had to rock back and forth for any comfort. I know that maybe it was because I took 120 mg a day but, when I started taking lower doses with cogentin it was just getting worse. I now have been off of it for almost a year and I have never felt better except with the occasional back pain. I know this may not help you but, know that there are always going to be people out there to support you. They gave me this drug at that dose when I was fourteen and I know why. I hope this helps in any way
I have been on Xulane for nearly 6 months. I was on a pill before I used this patch. The pills weren 't good for me because I would simply forget to take them! Here I am now 6 months later with scars &amp; blisters on my arms &amp; legs where the patch was located. It is absolutely terrible &amp; I don 't recommend it at all! Every body is different but if you are sensitive to adhesive products this isn 't for you! &amp; also they don 't stay on for a week they usually fall off so be careful!!
After suffering from Rosacea for as long as I could remember I visited my doctor who gave me a sample pack of Mirvaso. As instructed applied it the following morning after my shower. I waited (as instructed) 5/10 minutes to then apply my moisturiser. I did the same for the next 3 days and was stunned and so impressed by the results! For the first time in years I wasn 't red! Unfortunately on the fourth day I became bright red in my T-Zone and worse than I had ever been. I applied it again the next morning. My face was fantastic all day but by 5.00pm that night my whole face was redder than ever before. I was in a shop and the owner asked if I had high blood pressure (I don 't) because I was so red! I have stopped using it
My husband went on Janument and I noticed one day that he was slurring his words. I thought since he had pancakes with sugar free syrup he had a reaction to the syrup. He went off the medication and the slurring stopped.
Did not work for me. I didn 't experience a stuffy nose caused by mucous after I started using it, but my nasal passages always felt swollen, dry and painful.
I too am having a difficult time trying to figure out dosage.  For example I take the same dose every night: Wednesday night I have some cheese, sausage and 1/4 cup pretzels my morning sugar level was 158. Last night I had a huge bowl of ice cream, morning sugar 90. WTH!! This stuff also burns while injecting. I absolutely hate it.
Daytrana made me manic, paranoid, and eventually psychotic. I had no difficulty stopping using it--no cravings. After I was off it I had withdrawal symptoms the likes of which I cannot describe; simply sheer misery and dread, almost total insomnia. It last 1.5 years.
Horrible i will never take it again my stomach hurt so bad for like a week i felt super bloated and my back hurt don 't recommend this pill 
I will never have this shot again. It made my skin loose &amp; wrinkled. Researchers don 't have a clue if this helps bones or not.I can tell you I completely reget trying prolia.And hate seeing Blythe Danner doing this commercial.
I 've taken Diovan for 5 years.  It controlled my blood pressure for about 4 years and then my blood pressure started to rise.  My only side effects that I am aware of is extremly cold feet and loss of sex drive. I have sinced switched to Metoprolol with no improvement and same side effects.  Both of these drugs are expensive.  I 'm going to ask my doctor if I can be switched to Atenolol.  According to description of this drug in Drugs.com, it seems to be the same, except you can get it from Walmart or Walgreen 's for $4.
Taken for chronic neck pain. Not only did it not help my neck pain but also triggered a migraine and made me very nauseous. It also caused drowsiness and chills.
Just taken 5 of 6 tabs - really don 't think can face another day feeling like death. Husband woke me in the night to check temperature - 39.9 said I was panting! He does not normally panic. Can 't eat. If I sweat it stinks presumably of chemicals. Splitting headache. Extreme lethargy. Basically went to bed and slept as much as I could. Terrible stomach cramps belching and wind. Best of all I don 't even know if this drug is the correct one for me as lab results not back until Monday. Never again for me.
I hate this pill. The first three months went by smoothly. Suddenly my face began breaking out and leaving horrible dark marks. After that my mood began to change. I 'm now 5 months into these pills and I feel like a completely different person. I can 't sleep at night if I take these pills, but I sleep perfectly if I skip a dose. I cry or get upset over small things, which is very unlike me. I don 't feel like doing anything anymore. It 's a chore to get out of bed. I 'm gaining weight like crazy even though my appetite hasn 't changed. I was a very happy and energetic person before taking these pills. I don 't recognize myself. I plan to either switching brands or getting off of birth control completely. I need to find my happiness/sanity again.
Have taken 2 capsules daily not at all effective .
Okay so. It 's my first night, on monistat 7. And let me tell you I applied the inserted the cream and I don 't know if I inserted it too far but it said do it as far as you can to prevent leaking. After I inserted the cream I was like &quot;pssshh what was my sister talking about? this really doesn 't even burn&quot;. Then. It happened. My vagina was ON FIRE. I tried to lay down and immediately jumped up and ran to the bathroom it was oozing out and still is even laying down. It still burns but I can say about an hour into it; it slightly has eased off. But it 's still feels like there is so much heat. But ladies we got this. Let 's get through these 7 days, and kick monistats A$$
I 've suffered from severe chronic pain for many years. I 've gone through all the opiates. My pain doctor put me on this worthless patch. Even at max dosage it doesn 't even help mild muscle pain.
Went on Zoloft after Celexa stopped working and I quit cold turkey(don 't do!!)Made me feel 10x worse within days. Not for me.Now on Pristiq which helps but has horrible withdrawals if you skip or are too late for a pill.
Painful insertion, bled for three weeks straight then no period at all. Extreme fatigue, headaches almost everyday, and extreme acne inclusive of some cystic acne everywhere.
My 8 year old daughter was prescribed this medication yesterday by our PCP. For the past 6 months she was on Adderrall 10mg and I decreased her to 5mg two months ago. She weighs.64 lbs and 10 mgs of adderrall had her like a zombie, the 5 most recently caused her to become anxious,  overly sensitive,  and literally trichllomania - literally developing the habit of pulling her out. I stopped the adderall this week and her doctor suggested Strattera.I got an email from my daughters teacher after sending her to school on the 1st day of her new meds. My daughter was experiencing super fatigue, headache, and nausea. She was definitely calm, but she could not eat dinner and my baby was so hot to the touch. I will NOT give her any more meds.
I took the recommended dose and was extremely drowsy yet angry and restless. It was like I wanted to scream out of frustration but was too tired and edgy. 
I was put on biaxin a couple days ago and though my tonsillitis has cleared up quite a bit I 'm still noticeably sick, I get extreme headaches, dark urine, upset stomach, I 've been able to get little to no sleep and I have no appetite. I can 't walk without feeling like I have no centre of gravity, I constantly shake, and just today I started throwing up. It also leaves a bad metal taste is your mouth. I 'm going to go see my doctor and try to get him to put me on another anti biotic cause this one has a lot of side affects, I was previously on biaxin xl and had no side affects with that.
I 've been taking this medication for a uti. First bottle 3 pills a day for 30 days. NOTHING!Was given a second supply which I took 3 pills a day for 30 days. NOTHING!Yep, you guessed it. Third supply, 3pills a day.............really!
This is the worse medicine I have ever tried!  It didn 't take a week for me to have such a violent reaction I didn 't dare try it again. My eyes immediately burned and I couldn 't stand any light, plus my eyelids felt like they were stuck with glue and didn 't want to work right. I immediately went back to my doctor and listed my complaints. I have been on so many antibiotics and other drugs to try and get rid of the effects of this drug and NOTHING has worked. In addition to all the other drugs, I have been sent to other Ophthamologists and Neurologists! They were all determined that I had Dementia, or a blood clot behind my eye- only the right one went crazy! I have had to wear an eye patch and use moisture drops since the very first day !
So I started with this 2 weeks ago and it SUCKS. I have had maybe one big pimple on a cheek per month or two, and a little around other parts of my face, but now I have full fledge acne on my cheeks and jawline. This is terrible!
I was prescribed this medication for RSD chronic pain I 've been on this medication for approximately two and a half weeks now the nausea is awful vomiting the feeling of being seasick 24 hours a day I recalled my pain management doctor and explain the side effects of this was told I would have to stay on at the full 30 days had to recall a few days later to get prescribed a pill for nausea  after two doses of that I still vomited I am now on the second day with the nausea medication and a Bellvue Co hopefully today is better most times the dissolving film does not dissolve completely almost 75% of the patches I have taken so far left what looked to be like a small piece of gum either stuck to my teeth or the side of the inside of my cheek
An absolutely horrific drug for treating Bipolar 2. I was prescribed 100 mg/day to start and upon waking, after the first night that I took it, I knew immediately something was wrong. I felt utterly drugged. I was off-balance and in an aggitated haze. My thoughts were muddled and I had most intensely &quot;down&quot; day I had had in months. It was a really bad day trying to just make it through. I called my dr and she said to stop taking it immediately. No good. I would stay far far away from this off-label drug.
I got the shot and never stopped bleeding/discharging the entire 3 months I was on it. I refused to take the 2nd shot and after about a week after I was supposed to get it, the bleeding started again. I figured it was my normal period trying to kick back in but I continue to bleed to this day. It 'll be ridiculously heavy for a week, then barely nothing for a few days, then it 'll be ridiculously heavy again. I got it in August and I 'm 100% sure it 's the reason for why I 've been bleeding consistently for this last past month. My period has never been irregular or anything. I 'm so aggravated, I feel disgusting, and I can 't enjoy everyday things without having to worry about whether or not I 'm gonna be bleeding through everything.
My On-Call Obgy put me on Stadol because I asked her not to use Demerol. I told her I didn 't want to feel drugged while in labor so she choose Stadol. I was so out of it my husband video taped my delivery and my eyes were LITERALLY rolling in the back of my head. As far as taking pain away who could tell - I was out of my mind. Anyone who can take this must be used to strong pain relievers.
Worked well for GERD but could not continue to take it.  After about a week .. I got diarrhea what would not stop.  Even had a few accidents upon sneezing.  Other PPI 's did not do this ... and cost much less.   No thank you.
It keeps me from bladder infections but also gives me terrible nausea.
Vile.. Got the worst headache terrible taste in mouth dizziness and generally feel terrible..taking it because I have the strep bacteria in my lungs which is uncommon this is now my second dose as it didn 't go the first time but im not convinced its working
If you want depression, worsened anxiety, WEIGHT GAIN, and moodiness (which I highly doubt anyone would) get it. From personal experience, I would highly recommend against it.
I wouldn 't recommend this to anyone I have had my period for 9 weeks straight
I was diagnosed with stage 1 endometriosis after I had a laparoscopy. My doctor suggested lupron depot for six months (2 shots). I have been on lupron depot for almost 3 months where it is time to get my second shot. I am almost sure I will not get the second shot. I am in worst pain than I was before the shot and I have had NON STOP bleeding. You are not supposed to be bleeding while on lupron especially for three months. I have an appointment with my doctor soon about my next step. The medicine is supposed to rid you from pain-but for me it caused it to worsen. In regards to other side effects such as hot flashes, depression, mood swings, etc I don 't have any of that! Bottom line, I wish I never would have got this medicine.
Day 5 of 6 taking this for a dental abcess in my jaw....still in agony! Doesn 't appear to of helped the infection at all. One more day left of them...help!
Seemed to clear up sinus infection but side effects were scary.  Had anxiety and felt very cold.  Then the shaking started, mainly legs muscles.  Was resolved after about an hour by taking Ativan.  Blood pressure was very high the next few days - can&quot;t say for sure if that was related. Also had nose bleeds.
I had Botox for bladder 15th August 2016  got urosepsis the first week was in resus at a&amp;e, an impatient for one week . now nine weeks later a complete nightmare bladder over 200mls still in retention constant UTIs could not get used to self catheter because I was using it every hour and kept piercing my bladder now on A indwelling catheter with still constant UTIs a total nightmare and. Instant pain wearing the catheter .  I am worried I will ever have a normal bladder again and a normal life !! Worried that now using an indwelling catheter will weaken my muscles even further !!! Sick of takingAntibiotics, lost weight through stress and worry!!! I suggest whoever has this treatment should look at all the risks first and research it.
Scheduled colonoscopy to rule out cause(s) of infectious colitis that made me very ill weeks ago. I just went back to work and was starting to feel better after nearly a month of being sick. Was able to drink down 3/4 solution of my first prep slowly, then my stomach started to rumble. I went into the bathroom and the second I sat down, I projectile vomited across the room. Several times. Ruined my new lace shower curtain. Called my Dr. who said to stop drinking the Suprep Bowel Prep (I was willing to try and continue) and to reschedule my procedure so a gentler prep could be prescribed. Very frustrating- I just wanted to get this over with. Now I have to take another day off and go through this again.
Like the others - I did not read reviews. Bought the Rite Aid brand of Miconazole tonight and inserted the medicine after my shower. Also used the vaginal cream that came with it. I am on fire and I don 't know which part of the product is worse. I 've used baby wipes and Summer 's Eve wipes to remove the product. I want to cry. Does anyone know what can neutralize the effect? Plain yogurt? A wash? God help me.
I had an infected dry socket following a tooth extraction.  TheDentist prescribed a 200mg tablet to be taken 3 times a day for 5 days for a dry socket. I had to discontinue the course after the 4th day because the latest reaction was a peculiar feeling in my legs as if I had run a marathon accompanied by feeling very wound up. Other reactions during the preceding days were varied and changed almost on a daily basis and included a metallic taste,sleeping more than usual, diarrhoea, loss of appetite, feeling queasy ( though I was feeling queasy with the infection before I started the medication) a painful flare up in my psoriasis, heavy head. Since stopping them 3 days ago, the metallic taste is still bothersome. I 'm now having palpitations maybe unrelated! Tooth seems ok though.
27 year old, mother of 2.  After having kids I got migraines 2 x a week and the entire time I was menstruating.  Took propranolol, gained 10 lbs and had a horrible acne break out, some signs of depression.  Didn%u2019t affect the frequency/intensity of migraines at all.  Disappointed I didn%u2019t have the success others do!
I had mild itch so, like everybody else, bought the 7 day treatment. The first day I applied and man did it burn and itch, I just thought that it was because it was reacting to the yeast infection and it will only get better. Man was I wrong! I am now on the 3rd day and it feels just as worst as the 1st day, after i insert the medicine. I can 't do this for another 4 nights. Definitely stopping the medicine after today, I simply can 't. The burning and itching is VERY uncomfortable and hurts. 10x worse than the itch during the day.
I could see its very faint effect on me though I tried it 5 - 6 times. Not really useful.
Took Bystolic 5mg for a month. At first it seemed to be okay. I liked it because it did not make me dizzy but by the third week started getting side effects. First off I was so tired and no energy, thought it was me but no it was Bystolic. Then my shoulder joints started aching and kind of running down to my wrist in both arms. Not too bad but still there, and the last straw with me was when my left arm started to tingle on the outside of my forearm.  Well started cutting them in half so now I was taking 2.5 mg for the last week and it made no difference. Every time I took the pill hours later my arm would start tingling along with the other side effects. Also another thing it made me gain ten pounds in a months time, also bloating.
Haven 't been effective at all. Gave me severe headache. I switched to esomeprazole instead which was very very effective.
I 've been having chronic headaches for the past month to the point where they get severe (not a migraine) so I asked my dr for Sumatripan and she gave me it, little did I know it doesn 't get rid of the headache nor relieve it, I 'm on day 2 of it and all it 's done is make me dizzy, my chest feel heavy and horrible that I can 't breathe and need to cough hard, my shoulders feel heavy and achein my neck, and it 's made my headache feel like a full blown migraine which I haven 't felt for 4 years, never having it again I don 't recommend this medication it 's made me feel really horrible
I was I was prescribed this antibiotic yesterday and within a few hours after taking the first dose I felt like a freezing sensation over my entire body. I started sweating really bad and had a freezing sensation in the middle of my upper back. My temperature dropped from 101.8 to 97.6  I&rsquo;m really scared to take anymore of it. Also the back of my neck is sore and my head has a tingling sensation.
This medic did not work for me. Not even a little.
My daughter began using this drug in December of 2013. On January 25, 2014, she died from a blood clot to her lung. She was not overweight, did not smoke, or had any conditions that were supposed to have negative implications re: use of this drug. However, in the prescribing doctors notes the Dr. advised her not to take this drug. This information was never told to my wife by my daughter, and, therefore, in my opinion, was a lie. This drug, I believe, killed my daughter. My daughter died 10 days before her 21st birthday.
Amitiza has worked well for over two years to control constipation which is a direct result of opioids taken for pain control.  However my doctor gave me a box of Movantik to try instead.  NEVER AGAIN!Within a short period of time my colon began cramping for several hours.  Initially I hoped that a bowel movement would reduce the pain.  It did not! I then got diarrhea.  Not wanting to call 911, I tried to breath deeply as I went from chills to sweats to chills &amp; the cramping continued.Praying not to throw up but when I did, it was SO VIOLENT that it went through one of my nostrils.  I had peritonitis 20 years ago, and it is a toss up which was worse.  Childbirth wasn 't as severe.  I 'll never again try this pill even at a lesser dosage.
Got inserted Oct 2015 fast forwarding to now. At first it was great due to new mommy of two and won 't have to remember to take a pill. Lost a lot of weight while breastfeeding 30 lb including baby weight, but once I stopped breastfeeding the weight came back and definitely had mood swings, irritable &amp; emotional which I never experienced after my first child. I became active and ate somewhat healthy but I 'm still struggle to get to lose the weight. May2017- I 'm now looking for alternative birth control because the side effects are too much at this point
I was on microgestin 1.5 for almost a year but hated the way it made me feel bloated and uncomfortable all the time. I take birth control to help with my horrible cramps that leave me bed ridden if not controlled. My Dr. Switched me to triNessna and at first it was great. No side effects...no bloating...slight change in my sex drive. But it didn 't help with the cramps...as a matter of fact I would cramp longer during my period on it than I would without it. I thought since I had just stared it I would give it some time. I 've been on it for 6 months now and I have been bleeding/spotting on and off throughout the day for 4 days now and I 'm in the middle of the pack. I 'm making him switch to something else.
Ive had my implant for almost 3 years and I absolutely hate it at this point. I 've gained 40lbs, always tired and sad, I have terrible mood swings and I 'm severely depressed. I never want to do anything and due to me bleeding for months at a time I 've opted out of having sex. I will be getting my implant removed next week thank god!!!
This medicine turned me into a complete idiot! Due to the dilated pupils you could throw reading and depth perception out the window for the three days this drug was in my system. Stairs and elevator buttons were a real source of entertainment for the rest of our party &quot;helping me&quot; lol.Due to a possible conflicting drug interaction (or lack therof) with the way this medication effects the absorption of other medications through your digestive trac, my ADD medicine either didn 't work at all, or a possible interaction of the two made my short term memory nonexistent! I would literally ask a question and ask it again in less than 5 minutes.Really scary stuff, didn 't even feel comfortable driving back home after getting off our cruise!
I got the FluMist vaccination two weeks ago, and I 'm still experiencing the side effects.  I 've stayed congested and have done nothing but sneeze and cough.  
Had Mirena placed in December of 2014 for endometriosis. Bled 15-20 days out of the month. 9 months after placement started to have severe hip, low back pain and nausea. Had severe PMS and a lot of hair loss. Turns out it perforated my uterus and I had to have emergency surgery. I would not recommend this device to anyone! Horrible experience with it and I wish I never had one placed!
It 10 months post Harvoni ,trust me when I say  I felt better when I had Hep C like 100% better taking my supplements minerals vitamin  herbs spices,,never once in 15 years did my viral load reach over 40,000 i felt fine to be honest ,,yes i said  40,000 ,nothing really for Gen type 1a, now 10 months post Harvoni  it 's  over the top anxiety, real bad eye sight, itching 24 '7, depression, vertigo, dizziness, head fog is constant as is insomnia. I feel like I 'm going nuts ,There are plenty of sites on the net with folk in the same situation as me if not worse people are getting sick  taking this toxic stuff
My doctor weaned me off of Paxil a few weeks ago as it wasn 't working. Three days after the last dose was the start of the two worst weeks of my life. It included migraines, nausea, decreased vision, when I turned my head or moved my eyes there was a whooshing sound in my head accompanied by extreme dizziness. Then there were  the bouts of crying for no apparent reason. In summary I would call this poison not medicine.
Within a week of taking this I 've been puking, had no appetite, and had insomnia. It 's going in the trash, I 'd rather get pregnant than deal with this. I 've also had SEVERE mood swings, and a fever on and off. Not sure how this stuff is even legal.
My son is addicted to coricidan and it has ruined his life and our families lives
After two months of sexual activity with a Paraguard IUD in place, my girlfriend is pregnant, and faces greater risk of health complications than a pregnancy without one.
Developed neck swelling within a week, could not breathe, went to ICU, trachea closed.
I never write reviews online but I want to share how awful my experience with Implanon has been. I have constant acne that I did not have before the insertion and it does not respond to prescription strength treatment. The worst part however is that I have now been having a constant light period every single day for almost five months. I had this inserted in July and have an appointment booked to have it removed and start the pill again. The convenience of not having to remember to take a pill every day is not worth the side effects.
The other day I had very heavy bleeding and went to the emergency room and they said it could be because this shot. I was bleeding so bad and heavy that I soaked through two towels. Today I was driving to go pick up food and started bleeding so bad it soaked through my seat, and through a sweatshirt! I would not recommend this birth control to anyone!
I have been taking Bystolic for about 3 months now and started to feel my hand and feet become numb.  I only take 2.5 mg.
Took it for burning nerve pain - reached 50 mg (after 5 weeks). Did absolutely nothing - at the end even did not help with sleep.
I started it last Saturday , by Tuesday evening , I gained 5.4 pounds, had to stop it. I was watching what I eat and I am a tennis player. Could it be my thyroid medication , I take lithoviroxine .75It did curb appetite a bit  . I need to lose 20 pounds
I truthfully do not have anything positive to say about this form of birth control. Prior to this birth control, I was one of the lucky ones; I used a generic BC and my periods were 3 days, very light, no cramps, acne, or mood swings. I have been on Nexplanon for 11 months I have been on my period almost ever since.  My acne is painful and atrocious. I have way worse and almost unexplained mood swings. As I said, I have nothing positive to say about this BC.
I have been Bipolar for 20 years and have tried many medicines, with Depakote and Lithium being the worst. I also needed antidepressants too. I went from 117 lbs to 225 lbs in 2 years on Depakote and being a zombie I did not notice the huge weight gain. I switched to Lamictal and Effexor and felt so much better. I started a daily exercise program and was able to cut down on food and lost over 100 lbs within 2 years.
This is yet another update. Just finished my 4th pack. Worst experience ever in all of the birth controls I 've tried combined. Like I said in my previous review, I was on loestrin fe, junel, and yasmin. This last pack made me start bleeding during the 3rd active pill week. Progressed into probably the heaviest period I 've ever had. Made me nauseous and weak from the excessive blood loss. And made me so gassy to the point I felt like I couldn 't breathe. I 'm still on my period now, and it 's been 2 weeks of non stop bleeding. I constantly feel like passing out. Asking my doc to switch to something else.
I used Senokot for about 2 years and it made no improvement, I was still going to the toilet around once a week and it made no effect.
This was by far the worst stuff I 've ever had.  The liquid smelled like cherry soda but tasted like despair.  It was the most soul-destroying experience ever.  Getting the first batch down the pipes was difficult, due to the extreme nausea and horrifically bad taste.  The second batch was a fight to not vomit it up immediately.  I lost the will to live by the time it was over.  NEVER AGAIN.
Being prescribed several opiates over the years after surgical operations. Last medication prescribed was OxyCodone 30mg. Had to get a new Doc at pain management and Embeda was prescribed to me. I am still having severe pain. I am also prescribed Neurotin 600mg. Am I the only one who feels bad? Especially switching from a strong opiate to Embeda?
I got Mirena inserted when my son was 8 weeks old. He 's now almost three. When I first got it, I thought it was great. My periods were lighter, and eventually I didn 't get one at all. But about 4 months after I got Mirena I start having sharps pains in my side and migraines every-single-day! Not to mention spotting, and not knowing when my period was coming on. A few months ago I was researching Mirena and all the website where women could write about their experiences with Mirena, and we all had problems that were so much alike. So a month ago I got it removed. Just like the post from other women said, I felt an INSTANT sign of relief throughout my body. I haven 't had a migraine since then. 
My daughter is 15 and had increase confusion, zombie effect, was Not a good medication for her
Update 3: So I 've had Skyla for about 3-4 months now and I HATE IT!! After about the first month I loved it! But now I am having bad cystic acne, I 've gained 12 pounds since being on it, and bad itchy bacteria infections &quot;down there&quot;. I want to get this out so bad!!!
I 've been getting bacteria infections on and off for about 10 yrs have always taking the metrodonizole pills and they give me a bad taste in my mouth so this time I wanted to try the vaginal gel!! Did not work at all!! Plus gave me a yeast infection!! Now having to redue treatment with pills!! Fml
Dangerous addicting drug with strong side effects on and coming off. Just because it 's synthetic does not mean it 's like an opiate! It affects serotonin and will cause problems getting off it in terms of mood and nervous system reactions as wells as muscle pain increased who coming off.
I was prescribed Lexapro about 3 years ago. I saw no change in my behavior except that I had no sex drive, no arousal, and it took me a long time to climax. Even after 3 years I was still depressed and anxious. It was not the medicine for me.
Terrible headaches, heavy bleeding throughout the month.  Awful experience.
My Doctor prescribed me this medication and on the first night I took it I had bad nausea. I told my doctor about it and decided to give it another chance a few days later. The second time it caused nausea, heartburn and left an acid feel in my mouth so I don 't know if it works for other people but the side effects weren 't worth it. 
My son just started on this med. for anxiety which is causing seizures or the feeling of a seizure coming on causes him to get anxious.  First dose at night 1 mg.  with in 30 min. he started to slur his words real bad.  He was in the hospital at the time so we pointed it out to them.  They just told us he had to get use to the risperidone. So he went to sleep.  The next morning he was give .5. He became very restless we thought it was from being in the hospital for 4 days.  He kept pacing back and forth fidgeting with stuff for hours.  Then all of a sudden he started slurring his words and became hard to understand. He told me his tongue was rolling up, and gagging, then his eyes started rolling up. Had to get emergency meds.
At first I thought this would be easy to apply-like deodorant. It was a water substance that was real messy and time consuming to apply. I am asking for another &quot;gel&quot;.
If I could give this shot 0 stars I would. One is really pushing it. I got the depo in the middle of January, it is now the beginning of Feb &amp; yesterday I was at the ER and my Drs office all day. I woke up having horrible cramps, then it led to blood clots with grayish tissue looking stuff inside, it was nothing I 've ever seen before, I passed about 6 of those then the pain started to be mild again and easier to deal with. I 've never had a miscarriage but If I could image what the pain felt like it would be that! DO NOT GET THIS SHOT. I 'm scheduled for another &amp; I 'm cancelling, I would much rather take a pill every day! After dealing with it all day, and now I 'm on the 11th day of my period, it was confirmed it was a side effect to the shot
I was 14 when my doctor put me on this garbage for extreme periods (3+ weeks of bleeding) and if anything my periods got worse after being on this. It also gave me CONSTANT cramps. I would have cramps every single day and when I was on my period they were just way worse. I was taking way too many ibuprofen a day and they eventually stopped working for me. No other pain killer could even put a dent in the pain from these cramps. The only thing that helped was my left over vicodin from surgery. I was 100 lbs and taking high doses of vicodin just to go to school. Doctor made me continue to take it for 6 months despite horrible pain. Nothing changed. Thankfully off it now please don 't take this drug it is awful.
Tried it once, 12 hours later still burning unbearably
I researched Skyla extensively before having it placed about 8 months ago. I had it placed in February and then in May I found out I had a 6cm cyst on my right ovary. I was having horrible cramping and sharp pain. After being in pain for 2 months, the symptoms finally started to go away. My doctors said that it was probably just a coincidence and that Skyla does not cause cysts. Unfortunately I just found out I have another large cyst on my left ovary, so I had the IUD removed. Prior to having skyla placed, I had never had an issue with ovarian cysts. I would NOT recommend this birth control if you think there could be a possibility that you are at a higher risk of cysts!
Was on Microgestin 1/20 but was making me depressed, so doctor prescribed this. Really only taking this to regulate periods and help clear up acne. Took the pill for THREE nights and already have three huge cystic pimples on my face... I rarely get cystic pimples, usually just some whiteheads around time of period. Also felt extremely nauseous and lightheaded. Not continuing with this... it is different for everyone, but not worth it for me.
I tried it several times with and without Cialis, didn 't do a thing for me. It cause vein swelling and pressure in my lower left leg which I thought was odd. Will not use it again.
I was prescribed hydroxyzine and it does not help with anxiety at all. It takes an hour to kick in, but it does help with my allergies, which is an unnecessary plus.
We used plan b within 12 hours of the incident. I 'm now pregnant.
I had the paragard in for 14 days before finding out it gave me pelvic inflammatory disease. It has been one of the most painful experiences of my life. The insertion was not bad but the days following were so bad I almost ended up in the hospital. As soon as it was taken out I feel a million times better. If you have any nickel or metal allergies I would try something else too. I was told this wouldn 't effect me with a nickel allergy but I honestly think that was the issue. I hate hormones but nothing was worth this amount of issues and risking my fertility completely.
My docter prescribed this for me for nausea and acid in my stomach..I took 1 pill an I could feel it in my stomach..for the first 20mins I felt a burning cool sensation like tingly feeling in my stomach. Then I couldn 't eat my food but a few bites because I was so nauseated..for the entire day and nite and half of the next morning .I was extremely nauseated even after taking 3 anti nausea pills and I had stomach pain in my upper stomach..I will never take this pill again ..I used nexuim for 6 months and never this horrible effect
horrible nausea, thought I was going to faint. Took two pills at 5 o 'clock in the afternoon. Felt very anxious and jittery, could not sleep, just awful. 2 AM got up going to the bathroom with awful cramps cold sweats and thought I was going to faint. Camp saying prayers because I was here all alone. Finally after 45 minutes of cramping, I had a bowel movement, and that continued for about 20 minutes. It 's morning time 9 o 'clock, and I feel like I 've been hit by a truck. I hope this information will help someone before taking that pill. I will never take that pill again in my lifetime.
I have been on Seasonale for 3 months. I bled constantly from March 9th-April 4th. I doubled up on pills for 22 days and 2 weeks ago I stopped doubling. I began bleeding and having moderate cramps again three days ago. I do not recommend this pill. Bleeding for 28 days straight is not normal.
I 've used the ring for about 4 months &amp; I can 't wait to get rid of it. I have a very hard time removing the ring. I can never find it right away &amp; I can barely reach it or grasp it to pull it out. I feel as if although it isn 't supposed to go up into your cervix, mine is very difficult to find &amp; is very weirdly far up there &amp; to me this isn 't normal. I freak out every time I have to remove it &amp; I usually end up in a panic &amp; bleeding. I also feel like it increases my anxiety &amp; depression a ton! Especially the first few days after inserting. The only positive thing I have to say is that it is convenient to not take a pill every day. Otherwise, I will never be using it again.
Took prescribed dosage of 1200mg x 10 days. I felt I was being overdosed because I ended up in hospital in past from OD. Dr diagnosed me with Strep. No culture taken. It 's been 3 weeks after. A knee got tendinitis and now both Achilles heels have knot and I can barely stand or walk. Horrible taste while taking Med. Loss of appetite. Nervousness. Mouth sores are back. Can 't work.
I took this medication for Vertigo,, it made me so sick,, so I stopped taking it... It didn 't do anything for me..
My mother used Aldara on a carcinoma, after 2 weeks she feels very side effects , severe headache,vertigo,diarrh&eacute;es,convulsions.She went to hospital and died 8 days later.Doctors never find what 's wrong with her.Before using Aldara she feels in great shape.
I had botox May 25, 2017 for migraines. Woke up the next day with severe neck pain. Its Sept 3, 2017 and my neck is still hurting. I can 't look down, turn my neck, read, clean my own house. I 'm spending most of the day in bed. My life is ruined due to botox for migraines. I 've had so many problems and I never was told about this side effect. It is not worth the risk. I wish I had known about this. The pain is horrible!
I 'm 32 yrs old, mom of 2, never been on birth control before. Started Seasonique 5 months ago in hopes of having just 4 periods a year (hubby can 't have more kids). Some friends take it and are happy with it. I started taking it the 1st day of my period and bled for about 2 weeks past when it should have stopped. Excited when I thought I was done...but then it started up again. Basically been bleeding on and off (mostly on) since then, with very few days of relief and clotting. Usually minimal spotting, but enough for me to want to avoid sex. Side effects I 've noticed have been hair loss, no sex drive at all, dryness when sex does happen, cramping, no weight gain, moody, enlarged breasts. Just stopped. Can 't take it anymore. Rather bleed 1 wk a month.
Horrible drug!!! My dentist prescribed me 400mg three times a day for a wisdom tooth infection. Within the first day or two, severe side effects started. Nausea, vomiting, most vile salty/metallic taste in my mouth 24/7, itchy face rash and the worst of all - the numerous throat and mouth ulcers! Soo painful. Could not handle it, I felt like I had been poisoned!! I 've been changed to amoxicillin and have had no side effects.
Everyone responds differently to medications, and no two people are alike - so I kind of find these forums as being useless (if not borderline ridiculous). But just to share my experience...I have MDD (treatment resistant) along with Complex PTSD. I have tried every medication under the sun (over 90 different meds) before finally being introduced to Parnate in March of 2016. I was initially started at 10mg and eventually moved up to 60mg within 3-4 months. It seemed to be somewhat helpful for my depressive symptoms yet it created so many other horrific side effects along with it, that life is now worse than ever. Never have I been on a med with so many unwanted side effects. I 'd rather be severely depressed any day of the week.
After about 8 days of being on Dilantin, I had a horrible allergic reaction. I woke up at like 4:30 with unbearably itchy hives that literally covered my whole body....face, shoulders, chest, stomach, back, buttocks &amp; legs....even on the backs of my hands and feet, with a few spots on the palm of my hand. It sucked, needless to say. It also made me really tired all day, even though I 'd take it at night. I 'm now starting on KEPPRA. Hope it works.
I started taking 10mg prozac for 2 days. On the 2nd day my whole body ached like the flu and my throat is sore. I took Tylenol for the body aches and pretty much slept the whole day. Around 2am I started vomitting up bile until 5 am. Cold sweats, clammy and shaking. My dr. told me to stop taking the prozac but my body still aches so bad.
Does not improve my quality of life.  Depression continued and developed major cognitive disfunction.  I could not even communicate what was happening to me or for any wants or needs.
I should have never put the skyla in.. I was on the Nuva ring for years and didn 't like how I would have to keep changing it every month and that it kept slipping out. I was skeptical about the skyla.. but i decided to give it a try. I went into the doctors office and she was only measuring my cervix and I was screaming in pain.. so she gave me a shot in my cervix to numb me but it still really really hurt. Tried having sex 3 days later and he could feel my strings and hurt us. Went to get them cut &amp; the dr. cut them too short. They couldn 't find my strings so i got an ultra sound and it turns out I have a 5cm ovarian cyst from the skyla. Getting it taken out but they have to go in with a scope because the strings are too short to pull out.
I did not like this birth control for many reasons: it made me catty and snap at people, my period discharge became thick and painful, and worst of all I could feel the ring during sex. On the other hand the convenience of not worrying about taking pills was nice.
I 'm 18. I 've been on this pill for 5 months and I am switching as soon as possible. This pill causes me to have intense cramps. Not just while I 'm on my period, but all month long. They are so painful I have to lay down in a fetal position until they stop, which is usually 15-30 minutes. Besides the extreme pain, I also experienced bad mood swings. The week before and the week I 'm on my period I am a raging animal. It is very hard to control. I 've used several other birth control pills in the past two years but I have never experienced PMS like this before.
I 've been on it for about 12 months. I 'm supposed to get my next shot but I 'm not I would rather get my regular cycle back than the depo. I had a lightish period for 8 months with a few days every so often that it would stop but start again at night. I was told that after 8 months it should stop. After a few weeks of month 9 it was still going. Finally it stopped for a good month I was so glad I thought it was over. I was wrong I 've had a period for 2 months straight again but this time it 's a regular 2 month long period that hopefully stops. I just want to go back to a normal cycle again. I 've also been moody, impatient, gained some weight, more acne. I wasn 't like that before. The depo sucks
I started this birth control completely fine the first week. After the first week I started bleeding bad and continued to take the pill. I had been bleeding for 3 months straight while on cryselle
My insomnia has gotten out of hand recently and diphenhydramine and melatonin were no longer working for me. I received the sample pack of suvorexant from my doctor. I took 20 mg and it had absolutely no effect on me at all. Took a few hours to go to bed and woke up less than 4 hours later. What a joke! Maybe it works for others and maybe I have some problem with my thyroid for example (still waiting to receive results from my bloods) that causes this not to work for me.
I 've suffered from migraines for 25   years. I had my first appointment with a headache specialist /neurologist this month and she started me on nortriptyline (Pamelor) 10 mg, 1 x day for a week and step up to 30 mg daily. That was a Monday. I had a severe migraine from Monday night until Saturday as my last dose was Thur night and headache carried over into Friday. Saturday was much better. I also experienced a terrible pressure in my neck and head like my BP was elevated (normally my BP is great unless I 'm in pain). I was incredibly irritable as well. In short.... No. Just no. I won 't take it ever again.
Was doing well on 4 mg risperidone but wanted to try an injectable long acting med. Doctor suggested I start with Invega oral to be sure it would work. Tried 6 mg Invega for a month but never felt as good as with risperidone. Made me depressed, tired, insomnia and even had some breakthrough delusions. So glad I didn 't go straight to injections. Restarted risperidone and feel good again. It must work for some people but not for me. No data anywhere comparing Invega to risperidone which is odd because the drugs are related. No evidence this is a better drug than risperidone.
I had the Implanon inserted in my arm 01/09.  For 6 weeks I had no period, which was great, then in March I started to bleed, and bled until the end of June.  I stopped bleeding for 3 weeks.  After the 3 week break it started right back up.  Since March I have also been very depressed, anxious, and just felt PMS all the time; my OBGYN put me on antidepressants for a few months, she said that it should not be related to the Implanon, but I cannot help but feel that it is since it coordinates with my bleeding.  I have not had any weight gain, but I do not feel like I have been myself for 8 months now.  After reading these other reviews I don 't feel so crazy, and confused, and will probably have it removed soon.
Three days of this drug and I feel like the walking dead. Fevers, extreme body aches and bone pain. I feel like I 've been beaten by baseball bats. No vomiting or diarrhea, but I would have gladly accepted these symptoms in exchange for the ones I have. Strep throat and natural childbirth have nothing on the effects of this drug.
I have experienced severe dry mouth after using Pro-denRX aqueous gel for teeth brushing.  I used it for three weeks before I finally realized that my dry mouth started when I began the use of the toothpaste.  I have stopped using Pro-denRX and hope the side effects will eventually disappear.  It has only been two days since I stopped use, so it is too early to tell much.  My mouth is still severely dry.
Not effective whatsoever.  Took a 20mg dose and felt absolutely nothing.  Very disappointing but luckily, I used the 10-day free trial voucher so I wasn 't out any money.
I had an ectopic pregnancy after only 7 months of using Skyla.  My right fallopian tube was removed, I was in the hospital for 5 days and was in the worst pain of my life.  When I got it it sounded great - no worries for three years, more cost effective in the long run, but as it turned out I shelled out almost 300 dollars for 6 months and then had to pay thousands in hospital bills on top of that.  I wish I had opted for ANY. OTHER. METHOD.
I started taking this a month ago and my skin has cleared up quite a bit but the downsides are too many. I have had breakthrough bleeding (which was expected so not such an issue) but extreme mood changes within just a few weeks. I feel negative constantly and so unbelievably tired, the worst part of all is the nausea. I am nauseous all the time and am having a really hard time doing normal things like working out. I did not gain any weight and have lost my appetite due to the nausea. I went on this medication to help with migraines and admittedly have had fewer but the other side effects aren 't worth it.
Not good.  The first few days were fine though not overly impressive, after that more redness and itching.  It also doesn 't appear to compatible with any of the moisturizers I have tried.  I 've stopped using it and my face is less red and much better.  $20 in the garbage, I would not recommend this to anyone.  And judging by all the others with issues I 'm surprised it 's still on the market.
The side effects!!! On Day 2 I felt nauseated throughout the day then at night the vomiting started, diarrhea followed. I suffered through but the next day I was rushed to the hospital. I was put on IV fluids and stuff to stop the vomiting. It has been 3 days  since I stopped taking it, still battling with my appetite and the sour taste in my mouth as well as fatigue.
Having been diagnosed with general anxiety disorder over ten years ago and taking Xanax 1 mg. twice a day, I was surprised when my doctor prescribed Lexapro, not instead of, but in addition to.  He said it was a mood stabilizer, but I know its and SSRI generally used as an anti-depressant.  Medical guidelines now require, or at least I 've been told as much by my doctor, that primary physicians are required to ask questions regarding mental health.  I was asked, &quot;Have you in the past two weeks lost interest in your normal activities?&quot;  No.  &quot;Have you in the past two weeks had thoughts of suicide?&quot;  No.  Still, he prescribed the Lexapro and I started taking it.  The side effects were horrible.  Every symptom of depression, which I didn 't have
I have severe insomnia which causes sleep deprivation, hallucinations and so was prescribed quetiapine and I took it for 3 nights until I passed out on my kitchen floor the fourth day and ended up in Emergency where they discovered my blood sugar was 9 (162). I 've stopped taking quetiapine but it has left me with type 2 diabetes which I did not have before, I 'd been recently checked for several things including diabetes as part of my normal health care.
Was prescribed this for severe Sciatica and piriformis inflammation. This drug did absolutely NOTHING other than knock me out for few hours of deep sleep every time am bad drowsiness. I was then able to find some SOMA which is a miracle pain killer drug by comparison. Even better than the Percosets without apparent side effects. Yet, the doctors are completely paranoid to prescribe it unlike this useless Flexeril. Just check out the reviews on both drugs and compare.
I have been on this birth control pill for the last 6 months and I am completely miserable. It was originally prescribed as a generic for Loloestrin, but that simply cannot be the case. I have been chronically bloated, emotional, spotting, on top of which I am also experiencing a regular to heavy period. When I was on Lolo I had no negative side effects and it effectively minimized my monthly period. Ultimately, I feel really misinformed by the PA who prescribed this as a generic.
I was on Lo Estrin for a year. At first it was great. Then my period stopped completely, except for spotting all month long. It constantly made me feel pregnant. My breasts would hurt, I 'd feel nauseous often, and the fact that I wasn 't getting a period gave me great anxiety. Furthermore, I was experiencing anxiety regularly, and developed a sort of hypochondria- where I thought I was sick constantly. I think it was because my hormones were so out of whack. I am now on a higher hormone pill and don 't have anxiety issues anymore. I really think this pill was my issue.
Hi, I 've been taking orlistat for two weeks, and not seen a loss. I 've cut out crisps, chocolate and take aways . I 'm trying to stick too 15gr of fat each meal, but still nothing. I have lost a little oil ' but nothing to shout about. Can anyone give me advise as I 'm getting depressed.
just started taking phentermine 6/18/16. the first day i thought i was gonnapassout from side affects. but after 3 days i feel good. lots of energy, and decreased appetite. i have experienced the dry mouth. and  i never really drank water before so this is good for me anyways. i am 5 '0 and weigh 164 lbs. since im so short its considered obese. but im taking in 1200 cal a day or less and working out crazy. havent checked my weight yet but hopefully ill see some results soon.
These reviews are total shams. The successful quit rates for people using Chantix, the patch and nicorette gum combined is lower than quitting cold turkey. Notice how every review follows the same formula? 1) State that you smoked heavily for decades2) Claim that Chantix made you forget that you ever enjoyed smoking... it was EASY!3) Neglect to mention all the side effects- including an alarmingly high rate of suicidal thoughtsThe only proven method is cold turkey. Wanna drag out your physical cravings for months? Go on the patch, get less nicotine than your body wants, be in mild withdrawal constantly, and have ZERO to show for all that discomfort 2 months later. Cold turkey? 72 hours and the rest is all psychological.
Ineffective med that resulted in extreme weight loss and made cognition practically impossible so I did not pass my oral exam before nor was I even able to understand the questions my graduate committee members were asking.  I got off of it at that point then went from a 28&quot; waist back to a 32&quot;.
I was put on Lexapro 3 years ago to treat depression &amp; Premenstrual dysphoric disorder. The first 2 months were standard. Adjusting and getting the dose right. I ended up on 20mg. After the initial adjustment, I experienced panic attacks, which came frequently, worsening anxiety - over 3 years, gained 12kg. It in no way helped PMDD. I weened myself from 20mg down to 5mg over 6 months which was HELL then stayed on 5mg for another 12 months. I have since had my ovaries removed and a total hysterectomy to get rid of PMDD. Now 4 weeks ago,  I stopped the 5mg, cold turkey, as the tapering was so bad. Lexapro took so much of my life, and coming off is the hardest thing I 've ever done and I 'm still withdrawing after 4 weeks. it 's been a nightmare!
I took Topamax for a month. It helped with my headaches very little and the side effects were terrible. My feet and hands would go numb several times a day. My short term memory was completely gone. I had a hard time finding the words to speak especially in the evenings. And the very worse was the depression and anger.
I had this IUD placed over 2 months ago and everything was going well until about a month ago. I have now been on my period for 6 weeks straight with no sign of stopping, and I know irregular bleeding for the first 6 months is a side effect but trust me, it grows old. My suggestion is that if a birth control pill works for you and you are able to take it consistently for the most part, stick to that. having to spend $60 on a morning after pill after a questionable night is genuinely a better option.
I broke out on this pill for 4 months straight. My acne was way worse that how it was before I started the birth control pill. I got the acne so horribly the first week of starting the birth control. And then, I would get at least two pimples a day; on my cheeks and jaw. The pimples were really big and they would hurt so badly. Once the pimples went down, it left my face with horrible acne scars that I 've been trying to clear up for the past month. The pimples would only clear up around my placebo pill week. So when I was on my monthly cycle, my face was beautiful and clear. It 's been a month with out the Tri-Sprintec and my skin has cleared up tremendously. I am back confident!!!
The medication almost killed me. It caused me stage 3 kidney desease and other problems.
I used this medicine for 3 months, after 6 years of using Gleevec/Glivec. Though it was effective at 3 months, it improved RBC and WBC, reduced pain side effects at rest in comparison with Glivec, I was further restricted in activity than with Glivec. I developed short breathing, extra heart beat which turned into ischemic problem at mid LAD.
If I could give this a zero I would. I should have looked up the reviews before ever taking it. 15 minutes after popping it in my mouth I 'm anxious, paranoid, and sobbing over the smallest things. It has nearly destroyed my relationship and I feel absolutely insane. Unless you enjoy sobbing, lethargy, panic attacks, paranoia, and suicidal thoughts and tendencies, AVOID THIS LIKE THE PLAGUE
I started getting spots when I was about 12 and it was pretty bad acne by around 15. I went on the pill and probably every type of antibiotic which each worked but only for a limited time. At 23 I realised the only thing left was accutane. NHS was slow so I went private (1 appointment - &pound;120) and the dermatologist prescribed me 4 months of 40 mg/day (I only weigh around 100 pounds). Best thing I ever did. Only side effects I noticed were dry lips - I recommend aquaphor - and dry inside of my nose. 100% worth it and my skin is amazing and spot free now! I 've just come off the medication so fingers crossed it lasts a long time. Very happy, I definitely recommend.
I was given Tramadol for multiple pain. I have some arthritis, a form of osteoporosis (cannot think of the name of the form I have), Fibromyalgia, lower back pain. Tramadol in no way has helped me. My opinion of this drug is about as negative as you can have. Some of the comments are postive and I am glad it works for them. In addition, I am also clinically depressed and take meds for that. However, Tramadol in no way helps me with my depression. As a matter of fact, until reading these comments I had no idea it was even used for depression. Overall I would never recommend this drug to anyone and would rate it a zero in terms of helping with chronic pain of any kind.
Did not work for me at all.  Out of the several Overactive bladder medicines I have tried, this one was the worst for me. In fact, it made my symptoms worse.  Urgency, accidents, pain and frequency all grew worse and within a matter of days I was back wearing disposable briefs because I had very little bladder control.  Once I stopped it and switched to Sanctura, things improved.
I usually use Canesten, which is clotrimazole, but for some reason bought the miconozole nitrate this time. I thought I was going to have to go to the hospital to get them to get the cream out of me. It burned and itched so badly I 've never felt anything so horrible in my life and I 've given birth 3 times. I ended up running a bath and trying to wash it out of me. I thought I was going to throw up. This is a horrible, horrible product. I read that using tampons will decrease the effectiveness of the medication because they absorb it, so I currently have a tampon in to try to help. I also took a benedryl for the swelling and irritation from the external cream.
Omg....NEVER AGAIN will i use monistat 1!! I am 41 and first YI in my life and it was dt to being off thyroid meds for 3 wks (yes ik bad but whole diff story) so i had symptoms for about a wk so decided to buy M1 i insert cream around midnight and by 3:30 i was awake!! My vagina was on fire and my labia and clitoris were swollen to anout 4 x 's normal size. It hurt so so bad i had to sit in a warm bath then lay in bed with my legs open as wide as i could make them with a fan on just to keep from crying!!! I would live with the YI over this any day!
Oh my goodness. I 'm on fire! Don 't buy this stuff.
Demerol stimulates me and during my last 3 mild sedation procedures the more Demerol they gave me the more stimulated I became, causing me to be wide awake during the procedures.
Flonase is the biggest waste of money I have seen in a while.  Doesn 't work period. Nose just as plugged and maybe more so, after squirting Flonase as before. High priced sewer water in a fancy squirt bottle.  Afrin works like gangbusters. Just one squirt up each nostril and it works like dynamite, exploding congestion and opening nasal passages.  Six might be greater than one but Afrin works and Flonase is a waste of time and money.
I took Spiro for a total of 6 months for moderate hormonal acne around the jawline.  I started off taking 25mg for the first 6 weeks, and had a bad break out, than I increased to 50mg and had another bad breakout.  My skin only got worse using this medication and scarred easily and I got acne in places that I never got before.   Also in the beginning I felt very tired and in a brain fog but got used to it I guess, since I have been off the medication for only 5 days I feel so much more awake and without it.  I was wondering why I was getting so forgetful, and now I realize it was the brain fog from the medication.  Also made my skin very saggy and since being off it for only 5 days it has already improved.  Only plus for me was I lost 3 poun
I got this rod in Feburary of 2015. The first 3 months I had no problem. I ended up bleeding every single day after the first 3 months. I never went one day with out bleeding. I also developed horrible acne after never having acne in my life. I ultimately did not get pregnant but sex became very unpleasant to the point I was disgusted by the idea of sex. My uturian wall became so thin I would have pain and bled every time I had sex. Not for me
I tried the 3 mg dose last night. I slept worse than when I take nothing. I felt so agitated and miserable. Tossed and turned all night. Will not take it again!
At first I thought Sinemet was the greatest thing ever.  I took it for two years and began to suffer all sorts of odd side effects which I didn 't at first associate with the drug.  But the worst was one that nearly killed me.  I didn 't even realize it was happening at first because I was having brief periods of blackout.  I 'd be walking and suddenly feel as though the earth had shifted under my feet.  It finally happened while I was driving.  I snapped out of it, fortunately without hitting anyone or anything, but didn 't know where I was.  I stopped taking it and all the symptoms I 'd experienced disappeared.
I have hated every second of it more than any other form of contraception (which includes a bad experience with a coil) I have gained weight, I am hormonal and emotional most of the time and I have severe headaches. Like the worst pms for the last seven weeks and I booked to have it out after five weeks because it was that bad and had to wait three weeks for an appointment. It 's coming out next week and I can 't wait. Nor can my partner as he hates how it 's affecting my mood and my self confidence due to the weight gain. Also I train in the gym every day and I feel it stabbing into my skin with every session - like it 's going to piece through my skin. Hate hate hate it. Back to the coil next. Can not recommend anything less than this!!
After years of being on depression medication and mood stabilizers my body stopped responding to my typical medications. My doctor called me in Remeron to try out. I took this drug for 2 days and had to stop due to extreme anger andk dar thoughts  that are not typically me. My other half also went on this drug for a very short time because of the same issues. This medication is horrible
I started Contrave 6 weeks ago and my side effects were  I was very angry, easily frustrated, lightheadedness and headaches  I could not get pass the two pills 1 in the am and 1 in the pm. I started noticing after the third week. I became easily frustrated and very angry. I can almost feel the muscles ready to bust out of my skin from the tightness in my neck. So I backed down to just one pill in the am. Then after two weeks increased the dosage. But I have also been very tired after I take the pill. I could sleep all weekend. Which is not good for a wife/mother of 3. So I decided to just stop taking contrave. I 've have to take some motion sickness pill to help with side effects.
This prenatal vitamin made me sick! It made me vomit day and night. I took it for over 2 weeks with no improvement! Luckily, my Doctor took me off this prenatal vitamin!
My skin became bright red when this leaked from my eyes.
I 've had panic disorder with agoraphobia for years now and have been going through medications, trying to find the right medicine and dose.  Zoloft (the generic of Zoloft) was the third medication I 've tried.  I started at a lower dose and went up to a dose of 100 mg daily.  I had no significant side effects on the lower dose, but experienced bad side effects at the higher dose, such as night sweats, very dry mouth, and issues in thought (such as losing my train of thought fairly frequently).  I weaned off slowly and experienced flu like body aches for a couple of weeks as I came off of it.  I don 't recall any benefit that I got from being on this drug.  Unfortunately, this medicine did not work for me.
Took this medication for two weeks.  Did nothing in reducing OAB.  Had horrible reaction of severe DROWSINESS!   Was so bad I almost went to sleep in traffic a couple of times before I realized what was causing me to feel that way.  Lost all my energy and gumption to get anything done.  Just wanted to sleep.  Then week two I got to where when I went to the restroom, I would just sit there.  I could not start a flow without thinking about it for what seemed like five minutes.  I stopped taking and called my doctor.  Calling in another medication to try.  I pray it works without all the side effects!
I had the mirena inserted after having my daughter in 07 wasn 't painful AT ALL, no side effects barely had a period. After 5 years had it reinserted in 2012. To remove and reinsert the new one was the most painful experience ever. Since than my period lasts 3 weeks straight very heavy &amp; right when I think I 'm done with my period (lasts maybe 4 days) it will start AGAIN &amp;  I 'll continue to bleed the remainder of the month till my next period. I 'm very agitated easily, I 'm very tired never had I tooken a nap &amp; now that 's all I do. I 'm always bloated I 've gained weight, I always have lower stomach pains I don 't know if it 's because I didn 't give my body a break before inserting another one but I 'm taking this one out &amp; never doing it again
First night of store brand 3 day miconazole and let me tell you ladies... I  just want this to be over. This is my first YI ever by the way. My vajayjay feels like it 's been through the pits of hell. Inserted the cream and thought everything was fine but when I stood up the burning and itching was killer. I was begging for it to be over. Mom told me this happened to her when she used it too. The burning and itching died down after an hour but still persists. I will try to fight through the rest of the applications but this treatment is horrible.
I have been using Axiron for 3 months and have experienced no noticeable positive effects. Still have low libido, no morning erections, lack of penile sensitivity, weak orgasms and lethargy. Going to try injections ASAP.
I have had Chronic Constipation for over 10 years, I would only go once a month usually the first day of my period. I have tried all types of medication and had procedures done because I thought something was wrong. I spoke with my doctor and she prescribed Amitiza to me the price was crazy even with my insurance but I was willing to try anything I took it for 15 days.  I am very active and drink water like crazy and did not have a single bowel motion during that time. I am disappointed, thought I had found a solution to my problem. Back to the drawing board.
I was on the shot for almost 2 years since my doctor didn 't want me on the pill because I have high blood pressure due to my first pregnancy. Well it backfired, I gained 30 pounds after starting the shot, became extremely depressed, mood swings, and my sex drive completely gone. Also I am blonde and my leg hair turned brown. I have been on the shot for almost 4 months and have started spotting very little and acne on my back, migraines and wicked cramps. 
It worked when I was in the mental hospital but not in the real world.
My GP thinks the symptoms of what I thought was Parkinson 's is in fact side-effects of Lithium. I take 1200 mg of lithium daily. I gave it a low score for the side-effects, the shakes and poor balance. It 's very effective in preventing clusters. I took a chance this fall and quit all my medicines. The day after I did this I got slammed by clusters. Clusters are too painful to live with so it 's better to live with lithium and its side effects than with the pain of cluster headaches.
I have difficulty falling and staying alseep. Rozerem actually increased the time it takes me to fall asleep from about 3 hours to 6 hours.
I 've been prescribed it off and on over the last 9 years and it didn 't change my pain at all!!!! Ibuprofen works way better then naproxen. Naproxen was like taking a pill that was made of NOTHING!!!!!
Belsomra, for me, is the worst sleep aid I have ever taken. It seems to have the opposite effect on me, I can 't sleep at all. Took it with a benzo after a couple of nights with Belsomra alone, worst sleep ever.
Don 't believe this bs marketing,  &quot;serotonin modulator and stimulator&quot; its action is like an SSRI, just on different 5-HT receptors.  Took 5mg at night and the 2nd day I already noticed the side-effects. Slight dizziness, more tired than usual, rumbling and upset stomach,  a vomit taste at the back of your throat, a sharp pain in my leg (like someone put out a cigarette butt). That scared me, but not as much as the tracers I was seeing. IMO do not take a compound that has not been on the market for at least 7-10yrs(you are just a pharma rat). Sure... you &quot;may&quot; feel better after two, three weeks, maybe... To me it seems just not worth it.
This did little for my cough - still waking up in the middle of the night with coughing fits. Even when I take another dose at night, it doesn 't help. In fact, I 've now woken up every night while I 've been taking this so will stop.
I was prescribed this by my doctor for my swollen knee after receiving my first cortisone injection. I started noticing I was always dehydrated. I was ok with that cause it relieved the swelling in my knee, but then the headaches started. It was dull at first, but always in the bottom right side of my head. They progressively got worse. Within a week of my first dose, I had to stop taking it. It took 3 days before the headaches stopped. Never will I take that again.
I 've only been on this birth control for about 12 days and it is the worst experience I 've come across. I thought the depo shot was bad, but I am already experiencing depression, nausea, headaches, and insomnia. I got on this bc to clear up my acne and it may be to soon to tell how it really works, but based on the side effects I 'm already experiencing I do not think I will continue suffering. It 's too much letting this bc control all my emotions. I do not recommend it, but every female is different so it may be great for the next person.
I am 25 and have had acne for 10 years and since I worked maybe because of stress it had become really bad.  I decided at 23 to try Roacutane who is supposed to end acne forever. After a year of hard treatment I was having almost no acne but was left with lot of redness.I was told this would take a least one more year after end of treatment to get better. It barely got better, the acne is now coming back. And each time I have a new pimple it leaves a new mark and takes forever to heal. My skin is never clear and nice and I can never stop using make up :( I wish I had never done the treatment. Now not only i have acne, but also marks, redness and scars. ITs terrible what it did. :( I m wondering if I should try contraception.
So I 've had YI in the past and they always cleared up on their own. This time after my system was all messed up from food poisoning I felt a YI coming on and tried the good ol ' garlic and yogurt natural remedies first. After 5 days it was slowly getting better but I wanted to make sure it was all gone. I spent $22 on Monistat 1 and withing 3min of inserting and applying some of the topical cream my body was convulsing from the itchy pain! 4hrs later I went pee and put a little more of the the lotion on (stupid!) and the fire is back with fury.  At this point I 'm using a pair of chopsticks over my undies to help the itch. It 's uncontrollable with muscle spasms and I have now thoroughly frightened my husband.
T.D. reared it 's ugly head on approx. 7 weeks ago...at one time, in addition to antidepressants, I was taking either Reglan or Metoclopine...over the years I had some tell-tail signs that were either dismissed or thought to be something else...I have a particular difficult and severe case of T.D. and it effected me and the people around me so much that the personal devastation is incomprehensible...given the rarity of this disease, I find and have resigned myself treatment can be difficult and realistically I most likely will never regain my life as it was...additionally, when I first show the symptoms, I ended up in the back of an ambulance with was thought to be stroke...the symptoms I had at the time mimicked a stroke...
I had my husband purchase monistat 7 for me due to a mild  yeast infection that started  after being on antibiotics.  I also have used this product in the past without any problems. This time the burning and itching was so intense I felt as if I cut my lady parts with a razor blade then poured hot sauce and alcohol on it!! I literally was in tears. I literally poured cool water on my lady parts for 30 min or so to get some relief. This product is absolutely horrible!! I thought I was going to die. I wouldn 't even recommend the product to an enemy!
Prescribed this for sinus and double ear infection which was not cleared by a 3 day course of Zithromax 500mg. After 2 doses of one pill per day I had SEVERE stomach pains and was told by doctor to discontinue use. 
This medicine caused me to have very high blood pressure over a period of 10 months and even though it helped with some symptoms of my Crohn 's Disease, the disease itself continued to progress and led me to my resection surgery. 
They don 't work. I take 7.5 mg of percocet for break through pain. I 've been in agonizing pain for a year. Possibly having surgery soon. Any suggestions to talk to my dr about . This is horrible with no quality of life.
I only lasted 3 days on this medication. I started becoming itchy all over my body and Benadryl barely helped.
After a tooth infection, I was prescribed these tablets - after 3 tablets I woke up the next morning with an extremely swollen stomach and rolling in paint. Rushed to hospital where they said It was the flagyl causing reaction - the pain was worse than child birth and they hooked me up to IV pain meds! I Had fever, more pain, &amp; severe vomiting later that day that I actually fell to my knees with pain thinking I was dying... Horrendous. I took augmentin duo after that to clear up infection but I was so ill I lost weight so quickly and was very week - I really thought I was dying - I very scary. AVOID like the plague...
Took it twice like I was supposed to in the morning And at night and my head feel I was drunk kinda like I kept get dizzy and feeling weird I don 't know but I still don 't feel right I feel like puking and being sick I want to the doctor and got amoxicillin instead and I don 't feel any better and I have a zoo trip tomorrow and it made me feel awful and even worse. I still feel kinds drunk and dizzy and like I may pass out and like I 'm scared to fall asleep because i may die
I was shocked to find that my &quot;unflavored&quot; (according to my pharmacy) Suprep was a sickly sweet, childhood grape-like flavor that I literally had to gag down. There is nowhere on the packaging nor bottles that indicated this flavoring. I finally found the full ingredients buried on the back of the poster size insert &quot;.. sucralose.. flavoring ingredients..&quot;  I would rather add some Crystal Lite if I want sweet and I can choose my own flavor. Absolutely gross and needless flavoring.
I cannot overstate how much I despise this medication. It may be effective in getting rid of bladder infections, but I never got that far. I used this medication twice (I gave it a second go, thinking my previous experience might 've been an anomaly). Wrong. Within 2 days, each time, I had severe flu-like symptoms. They included: chills, mild fever, muscle aches all over, sharp pains in my stomach, severe nausea, vommitting, pounding headache, &amp; extreme fatigue. I was told to take with a meal and drink lots of water. I felt like I was drinking 2 gallons a day...until I couldn 't drink or eat anything without throwing it up. I stopped taking, the second time, after 3 pills, and it took 2 full days (&amp; lots of Tylenol) for my symptoms to subside
I gotten belviq free trail last year  and I 'm glad I did the cost of them are  very expensive my experience with these pills was in minutes got a bad headaches and feeling very tied  yawning a whole lot I wouldn 't recommend these pills to no one  
23 yrs old and I 've never had a YI before, started getting symptoms of one 2 days before I had my wisdom teeth pulled (yesterday) and I guess the anitobiotics made it worse.. it 's currently 3:30 am (1 hour after application) the original itching was so bad I went out at 2 am, came home and inserted the cream and instantly I thought I was allergic because of the BURNINGGGGG.  The burning subsided SOME after about 30 mins and now it feels like flame throwing fire ants are crawling in and out of my vagina, omg.. my 5 month old son will be awake soon and I 'm in tears with an ice pack between my legs.. I hate Monistat
I began taking Pristiq in 2008 as a supplement to Wellbutrin. When I missed  dose I became very ill with flu-like symptoms so severe, I felt it was not safe for me to drive a car. This made me feel as though this drug was not good for me, so I finally took myself off of it in 2015. It took the entire month of July (I stopped Pristiq July 1st and nausea and dizziness did not end until early August- I kept track of my symptoms on a calendar) and as of today, the end of February 2016, my digestion has still not returned to normal. Pristiq was developed by the manufacturer to replace the profits from another popular drug that reached the generic zone. I consider it  &quot;bad drug.&quot;
When I was on the paragard there was not one day I had zero bleeding. So annoying for 5 months. I have never been depressed but when I was on this I was feeling sadness that I 've never had. I was SO irritable it was crazy how fast I could snap. I had extreme pain 2 weeks after they put the IUD in like it felt like I was dying. Got an ultrasound and everything was okay....it was so freaking scary though. I was constantly bloated. Sex was painful like very painful and I had zero sex drive. I was always tired. I think I may have had copper toxicity.
I was forced to take Losartan instead of Diovan because my insurance company refuses to pay for brand name drugs.  Really great the insurance co. would rather realize huge profits at the expense of patients ' health.  Well, Losartan is terrible for me.  I had no noticeable side effects from Diovan.  But with the Losartan I 've had not only hair loss but also very bad tingling down my left arm into my fingers.  My doctor just told me it 's carpal tunnel syndrome without any hesitation, but I know it 's the Losartan that 's causing this condition because I never had it until after starting Losartan.  It also causes me to be tired and lightheaded, both side effects of this medicine.
I have been on Sprintec for 20 days now and am still bleeding really badly. Super moody, depressed, no sex drive, nausea, weight loss, extremely tired, dizzy. Hoping that my period ends soon, or I will be switching.
For the last month I have been sick,  very restless sleep,  muscle spasm,  vomiting  for several hours with movement after meds have worn off. I had to stop using Xyrem this month because the same faulty batch I got in January,  they shipped  me again  this month... I tried to call and complain about the side effects.  Unfortunately the SDS Pharmacy isn 't offering any solutions to fix or solve the issue that a lot more people  are dealing with.... So disgusted  with this company
So I get on this shot to control my bleeding since I was going on vacation and I didn 't want to be on my period while on vacation. I was so crazy to get on this shot because my tubes are tied but my period was out of control so I got on the shot. Why did I do this to myself. I took my first shot on 9/11/15 started bleeding 10/14/15 I kept bleeding so I called the doctor to ask her what to do she said to take 4 ibuprofen pills 3 times a day and it should slow it down... Nope never stopped so I decided to get another shot... What was I thinking doing that... To this day 12/12/15 I 'M STILL BLEEDING SINCE 10/14/15 my attitude is thru the roof, my marriage is suffering, I 'm depressed cuz I 've gained so much weight, I have constant headaches, etc
Had a very resistant infection and was prescribed this medication. Went into anaphylactic shock after it stared digesting. Cold and hot sweats, drooling , splotchy skin color , swelling of throat, loss of feeling in left side of my body for 2 days and brief loss of consciousness until ambulance arrived. Just didn 't work well with my body.
Prednisone causes rashes for me.
This drug contains a MAO inhibitor, be CAREFUL servious side effects from combining with any antidepressants
After one week on contrave with no sign of it beginning to work I woke up with hives,.  A few hours later my whole body was covered with hives and extremely itchy.  Over the counter antihistamine did little to help and I continued to break out .I did not take any more contrave after the first sign of hives. The second day I went to ER for help from the growing whole body rash and frenzied itching. I was given Iv steroids and more antihistamine. It has now been 5 days of hives and I do not think i have peaked yet. Each day it is worse and I do not know when it will start to abate. Horrible Horrible experience
Here is  my experience i had cheated on my bf ( I know totally stuffed up) but I 'm  human ... I cheated with an ex I knew I was ovulating  so I told myself  nope go get the plan b. I went to walgreens I seen the plan b it was  expensive  so i went with  Take action. I TOOK IT IMMEDIATELY  3HRS AFTER THE DEED  WAS DONE. Now 4 weeks I 'm pregnant  
Can 't say enough bad about this medication. Aside from the really severe, dangerous side effects like blood clots, everything that could go wrong did go wrong. Severe anxiety, constant bloating and constipation, hemorrhoids, insomnia, etc. I was prescribed xanax after the first month to use so I might be able to sleep and just try get through the day and see if I could make it past the three month mark. Second month was also hell. The anxiety was better because I was hyped on sedatives but my digestive system was a wreck. By the time I got to the doctor she told me to stop using the medication immediately. Already doing significantly better. I can eat and I 'm not terrified all the time.
No antidepressants were working for me so the dr. Put me on brintellix. Diarrhea started three hours after first dose and continued for 12 days. I was on the medication 16 days total. By day 4 I had involuntary muscle twitches which turned into head jerking. By day 14 I had my first seizure while driving then had another seizure at work which caused me to lose my job yesterday (liability issues). This was a scary medicine for me and I 'm more depressed now because I lost my job on account of it.
This really burns!!!  Honestly, no joke.  Like someone is pouring fire directly into the cornea.  Couldn 't drive a car till my vision returned, which is not great when on the way to work.  Yeah, it gets the redness out, but not before you experience pain similar to having your eyelids tattooed with rusty nails. 
I got this inserted in November of 2014. I have no periods at all which is the only thing I like about it. The first year I ignored signs of the side effects. I never had any mood swings etc before nexplanon. I had no idea this little stick in my arm could cause anything wrong. After it was brought to my attention the side effects of nexplanon I am getting it removed tomorrow. Since I had it put in, I lost a ton of hair, so much I just cut 9 inches off just to not feel so embarrassed. gained 25 lbs that I cannot lose even if I starve myself, anxiety out the roof, sometimes it 's so bad I have to force myself to stay at work, mood swings, and brain fog, omg the brain fog makes me feel psychotic. I do not recommend anyone get this evil stick.
I got Nexplanon put in at the end of March 2016. The first month on it wasn 't too terrible. Light cramping and no period or spotting. In month two I began bleeding and this continued for 3 more months. There wasn 't a period of time when I didn 't have a tampon in. My doctor assured me the bleeding would stop, which it eventually did... for a whole 2 weeks, then 3 more months of bleeding. The worst part is the depression and mood swings though. I lost all motivation to do well in law school and stopped going to the gym entirely. I would freak out on my boyfriend for legitimately no reason and I experienced severe suicidal thoughts. I also gained around 10 pounds. The doctor couldn 't get it out the first time so I 'm having outpatient surgery.
This medication is poison. I don 't recommend. My 5 year old was on this for 3 months when I 've notice her behaviour changed, a bubbly happy and active child, had turned into a sad, tearful, tired and unhappy child with every little thing making her angry and depressed. I urge anyone who 's taking or is thinking of giving this to their child, as soon as u see the littlest of change stop!! It can really affect you or your child 's life. If only I had researched or my child 's dr had advised me well instead of brushing my worries under the table, I would have never given this to her.
I 've been having problems for years with my stomach and GERD.  I was put on prilosec and was told that it would possibly cause an upset stomach to begin with but to try to work through it.  I took it for around 5 months but I could not handle it anymore.  I kept stomach cramps and an upset stomach the whole time.  I couldn 't keep enough fluids in me to keep myself hydrated.  Months later I was prescribed it again and tried it once again.  Same thing but worse.  I had bad blood work come back saying my kidneys weren 't working right and my potassium was so low I was admitted into the Hosp.  Since then my kidneys are still not OK. I 've been peeing blood on and off. I am pretty sure that this medicine has messed my kidneys up. Bad stuff for me
While taking this pill I became an emotional wreck, my face broke out, had spotting between periods, cramps got worse and developed fibroids. The list goes on.
Worst experience ever. I took monistat 1 for a yeast infection to relieve the itching and burning and went to bed thinking that it would all be better in the morning. Not the case. Two hours in I wake up from th most intense itchiness and burning I have ever felt. I tried to remove the ovule but it had already dissolved. Now I 'm at the ED waiting for a physician to tell me I just have to wait for the itching to go away. I am never using this product again.
My GP has done a con Job as they shoved me on Victoza without any info on how safe it is. As they can 't prove stuff they have got  you by the short &amp; curlies. If you continue to take you could be seriously ill later. Think do you want to die - I think not. Get it withdrawn as it causes thyroid problems, plus cancer - who wants this - not me. I told my GP that I wasn 't taking it any more if they couldn 't be honest about victoza
My Dr. prescribed me 60 MG Cymbalta 2 weeks ago to take everyday along with a 25MG Antihistamine for anxiety. Honestly, there seems to be more good than bad reviews so I 'm guessing I 'm a part of the small percent chance that it will have bad or little to no effect. The only thing Cymbalta does for me is make me exaggerate a smile. I still feel exactly the same and my anxiety is still there. The Antihistamine mainly takes care of the physical effects of anxiety but mentally I 'm still suffering. Try it if you need to, I say it 's worth a shot.
I 'm getting invega, serious side effects in libido (Im a male), sexual dysfunction, gained 30 kg plus, I can 't do sports due to muscle stiffness, and killed all thoughts out of my head, barely can hold a job. No emotions also, I 'm an hollow empty shell, a zombie. Can 't get drunk. Took my life away.But to say something good, it helped with delusions. I think it is too much price for it.
I have never had perfect skin however after taking this pill it is in horrendous shape. My doctor gave me a 3 month trial and I was told to come back after that time frame to see how it was reacting with my body. In these 3 months I noticed my skin slowly getting worse (mainly jawline and down my neck) and I was also having no periods and was also feeling moody and tired all the time.  My doctor wanted me to stick with the pill for an other 3 months to see if everything started to even out. At month 5 I have cystic acne down my neck. I still don 't have a  'real ' period, just random spotting during the month. Also I don 't feel tired as often however sleep about 11 hrs/night to feel refreshed. Definitely don 't recommend this birth control.
Horrible. Immediately after the first pill I became nauseated. Nausea stayed for while 2 months. Horrible pains at bottom of my stomach from this pill. Soon as I stopped taking it the nausea went away and the stomach pains. I will not ever use this again. Never ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This sent me to the hospital!!! I was on my second pregnancy and my OB prescribed Diclegis for my morning sickness, which feels more like all day sickness. I decided to wait till night time to take 1 instead of 2 because it said it caused drowsiness and my toddler was 1 at the time. So I wake up at 4am feeling extremely flushed, I could feel my blood pumping through my body! My heart is racing out of control. I honestly thought I was having a heart attack! I called 911 and the paramedics said my HR was at 120. Once I got to the ER I started to hyperventilate to the point where I couldn 't walk, talk, and my extremities became stiff. OB laughed at me didn 't believe any of my side effects, fired him, never took it again! Don 't recommend it!
So I have been taking this pill for a month and a 1/2 and I 'm glad that I will be switching back to Lo Loestrin Fe. This pill was fine for the first month but once it got into my system...oh boy. I 'm nauseous all the time, which is only relieved by burping or breaking wind. (Gross! I get that it 's a bodily function but 24/7?!) I had FIVE days of breakthrough bleeding. My doctor told me it 's normal to not get a period after starting this pill. But when you 're sexually active, it gives you pause when you don 't get one (have not missed a pill). My boyfriend says that my moods have changed and that I 'm lathargic when I 'm with him. I also get that I 'm stressed out with the holidays, but I really don 't need my birth control adding to it!
I 'm 39. Have 3kids. I had been using the nuva ring for several years and loved it. No problems. But because of my age,having diabetes my doctor put me on Nora be. I just got off my cycle,started this pill and 3days later I start bleeding again and have been for 5days and I mean extremely bad going through a pad and tampon every 30min. I have read other reviews and see this is common but I have had good swings,headaches, dizziness, cramps,bloating, increase appetite and heart flutters. I 'm not taking this BC anymore. I 'm done having kids now anyway so I think I 'll just Tie my tubes and not go through or worry about this anymore.
I have a terrible toothache and the only thing this medicine did was make me a little tired. I am  going to the dentist tomorrow but for now I am still in pain.
I had Implanon implanted two years ago. The first month I had my period for over 18 days. I experienced such changes with my hormone levels that I would cry, or be outraged one minute from the next and I couldn 't control the way I felt. I 'm a completely rational person and whatever hormones are in this literally made me want to cut it from my arm. After the first three months, of which I had four days each of the rage/crying/uncontrollable emotions, everything seemed to level out. I haven 't had my period for a year and a half now. If you make it through the first three months, it 's great. 
I took 10 mg of lisinopril for a month and could not handle the side effects anymore.  It worked great at getting my blood pressure down but with that came heart pounding and fluttering, headaches, leg pains, weakness, dry mouth, diarrhea, dizziness, trouble sleeping, waking in the middle of a deep sleep very confused and alarmed, and taste change.  Within 2 days of changing medicines all of these problems disappeared even though the doctor assured me it was not all from lisinopril.  
Tried this out because I wanted a lower dose birth control pill. I was on it for 3 months and I got two periods a month (PLUS breakthrough bleeding), worsened acne that only went away on the break, as well as bad mood swings. I would cry every few days for no reason. I 'm switching to Diane 35 for my cystic acne ( which loestrin fe made worse). The only positive was that Lolo controlled my primary dysmenorrhea.
I 've been on this birth control for about 2 weeks now (I know it 's early) but I 've had a horrible experience so far! I 've had constant head aches, constant vaginal discharge (a lot at that), deep severe stomach pains, and my sex drive is not there. I have been very depressed and I cry all the time over nothing. Some nights my pain of nausea and headaches I 've wanted to go get checked out. I 'm acne prone so I break out anyways but I have noticed recently more acne starting to pop up. When this pack is done I 'm definitely going to ask to switch because constant pain is not worth it
This medication is NOT for teenagers.My son was so depressed we could not get him out of his room for days on end.  We eventually got convinced him that he needed help and agreed to start taking medications and spending more time out in the sun and exercise.  All of this was painfully slow but I believe the medication did help him become more motivated to help himself.  He agreed to give the medication 5 weeks.  Week 6 my son started punching holes in walls and throwing things when he has never done anything like this before.  Week 8 my son killed a little girl.  A friend of the family. Now, he is facing 47 years without parole for something he did at 17 influenced by a medication I had asked him to try.This is in fact, LIFE w/o parole.
I had a torn meniscus and surgery was necessary.  When they went into the knee I was told the knee was full of arthritis and the physician had to clean the knee out leaving bone on bone.  They suggested Orthovisc which I agreed.  It has been two weeks since the third injection and I am in more pain then ever.  I have no relief at all, living on anti-inflammatories with little benefit. I am really hoping for relief soon because I am confined to bed with ice packs.
BE CAREFUL!!!  Never experienced major side effects from medication until now.  I ended up in the ER within 2 hours of taking Latuda due to severe muscle spasms.  My face contorted in all kinds of weird ways that is hard to describe.  I looked like I had a Halloween mask on it was terrifying.  I have General Anxiety Disorder with spurts of Depression depending on life 's circumstances.  My Dr. prescribed me Latuda to take with Pristiq because I had 1 seizure while taking other meds and had to stop taking after 10 years of success when it was needed.  The seizure could have been caused by anything as I was on the meds for months when I had it.  I took 20mg of Latuda for the 1st week, 40 next 3 weeks.  My chin is completely numb permanently.
My doctor put on this medication a month ago in preparation for my surgery and it has been the worst decision I have ever made! Two weeks into taking mononessa, I began spotting. I thought no big deal, the spotting should stop soon. Well twelve days later, still spotting, so I called my doctor office and was told that that sometimes happen. Ok. Two days after that conversation, I started having light bleeding with the worst cramping I have ever had! Add to that, I started having lower back pain also. Nothing I took seems to help with the pain. It got so bad, that I had to go to the emergency room,  I could barely stand up nor lie down!! Can 't even go to work yet because I 'm still cramping severely and need to take narcotic. This med sucks!
Very bad side effects. Given by IV in the emergency room for severe migraine. Jaw clenching, agitation, loss of appetite, groggy, incessent urination (with a fowl smell). Side effects lasted for a week after administration.
It DIDN 'T WORK! I followed the instructions to the latter, but MoviPrep didn 't do the job.  It didn 't completely cleanse the colon, and now I have to go through the whole colonoscopy session again with another preparation product.The taste wasn 't too bad (used hard candy between doses), and it started to work quite quickly.  It seemed to work as I spent a lot of time in the bathroom.  However it didn 't do a complete job.  
I took levothyrine 0.05(50mcg)for 4 days.On day 3 developed side effects of joint pain, muscle weakness, fatigue, crying and severe hunger pains and insomnia. On day 4 all of these side effects intensified in addition to developing itching skin and sweating .I called my all night pharmacy because this all came to a head on a Friday night and doctors office was closed. I was told to stop taking it because I was having a severe reaction to it. I have not taken this in 2 days and I 'm still sick with joint pain,weakness itching and sweating. I will never take this again. By the way my TSH was 6.4 and was having no hypothyroidism symptoms. I only found this out due to yearly lab work and physical.
The doctor prescribed geodon 20mg at night for my 8 year old daughter. She has autism and a mood disorder. She has been on this medication for about a week and I am stopping it. She has became very agitated and restless. As of this evening she has become severely depressed and sobbing I over everything. It breaks my heart seeing her like this. I would never recommend this medication for any child.
Been on it for about 6 months. Experiencing weight gain, low libido, still making me breakout often, chest pain since i 've been on it, crazy hair loss. With Ortho Evra, never had any of these problems and was on it for about 3 years total. I am trying to find a different method, Xulane is not for me.
I don 't understand how all the comments I 've read on here about tramadol being great for anxiety and depression because when I took tramadol for back pain it made me feel all anxious, shaky and caused insomnia. I had to stop after 2 days of taking it, plus it made me itch all over, I felt awful on it. I 've had bouts of anxiety and depression all my life and I 'm sure it was the tramadol I took 5 and a half years ago that started my anxiety off again.  Once it started it kind of went into a vicious circle of having panic attacks then fearing the next panic attack which then would start another panic attack and so it went on for months, me ending up in hospital, so I 'd never take tramadol again no matter how much pain I 'm in .
I 'm actually writing this review on behalf of my wife. If you are bipolar, please stay away from this medicine. At first it seemed to help relieve the arthritis pain, but two months later the side effects became a nightmare and the pain increased threefold. It took another three months to clear it from her system, now she is doing much better but has short term memory issues. 
After insertion, the site where it was inserted had a dull pain that still lingers today. A couple months in I threw my tablet at my mother in a blind rage. When nothing was wrong in my life I felt a constant irritation with the people around me. I would have times where I would be nauseous for a week and a half at a time accompanied by smell sensitivity. I have lost weight but have been bloated, with constant headaches. :(
I am 25 years old and have been taking this for over 2 years now. 2 years ago I was 145 lbs and now I am 165 and miserable. My husband and I have been dieting and exercising for the past year and half and I have only gained weight, never lost. I finally went to my doctor with the following symptoms: tired all the time even with 10 hours of sleep, mood swing (which effect my relationship), depression, sadness (for no reason), crying out of no where, weight gain and inability to loose weight, bad skin. All of those symptoms are also what people with Thyroid issues have. Well I get my thyroid tested this past week and its normal. I read these reviews and bam! I am getting off this immediately and I am really upset I did not read these sooner.
was not on BC for many years till my dr recommended birth control in order to help with my endometriosis. I 've been on this for a month and a half and no progress in period or cramps, and I 've never had worse acne than I do right now. I hardly wear any make up and rarely ever get pimples and what started as a dry scaly rash type thing on my chin and jawline has one week later turned into burning red acne all over my face. I 've also noticed how severely depressed I have become. Although I have struggled with depression throughout the past 8 years, I have never ever felt this depressed or uninterested in anybody and everything. everything and everyone irritates me. Once I looked up others reviews I decided I will not take this again
side effects for me were same as few others with negative result...after taking 200mg. I felt like I was hallucinating; going crazy . Sinus areas inflamed quickly with headache. I must be allergic to his drug.
Lo Loestrin = Acne cysts! I have always had clear skin [with the occasional break out, but nothing serious] and since switching to this pill about 12 months ago, I 've had a never ending cycle of painful and ugly red blemishes. My dermatologist assessed my skin and after two minutes with me determined that I had Lo Loestrin skin. She said it is absolutely the worst for skin because of its significantly lower estrogen levels. Anyway, I just wanted to share this knowledge. I 'm switching back to Yasmin.
I had the original impalanon in for three years then had it removed to have my daughter , after I had her I wanted it back in but learned they now had nexplanon and figured I 'd try it I didn 't have problems with the other my periods even stopped . With this nexplanon I 'm 22 and constantly feel like I 'm going thru menapause my periods are so bad ,  weeks sometimes days before in suppose to start I get really bad heat flashes that make me sick !! I 'm losing so much weight my wedding ring doesn 't fit anymore , .  I 've also had a lot of depression with this , I almost feel as if I 'm bipolar 
Tried 3 different birth controls over the past year and finally felt like this one worked. It fixed my bleeding problems and regulated my cycle. Month by month I stared noticing the nausea getting worse and worse. Now are4 months on this pill I 've decided to stop taking it because it makes me sick as a dog. My breast are tender almost all of the time and my sex drive has basically vanished. Wish there was something out there that worked for me but this is definately not it
MADE IN CHINA.  Does not work.  Took exactly as directed and it did not work.  Ate light leading up to fasting.  Look for alternatives and realize that China has zero quality control so unclear what you are actually ingesting.
Didn 't help at all against my allergy symptoms (sneezing, runny nose, itching &amp; watering eyes).
I was on this medication for one day when I began to gave sereve vomiting 30 minutes after taking it and stomach bloating and uncontrollable gas. By day six I called my doctor to tell him I had bilateral muscle weakness in my legs and could hardly walk a straight line without feeling like I was going to fall down. My doctor stopped the medication after six days after I began to take it when I presented with a known severe adverse side effect of this medication &quot; muscle weakness and loss of coordination&quot;
Insomnia every night.  Glad I am on it for short duration.
Horrible rebound flushing/red spots.  Do not touch this stuff.  It 's been one year and redness/ flushing side effects still have not normalized.
Got this back in February. Since then, I have been bleeding every single day. I feel sick constantly as well as nauseous and light headed. I even ended up contracting MRSA. I have gained about 15 pounds. Mood swings are horrible and I am constantly getting upset over stupid things. Anxiety is off of the roof. Depressed. I 'm in the military, and this has honestly been ruining my career.
Unfortunately, this Birth Control pill gave me the worst headaches! I think I had at least 2 per week. Some were migraines. I was also more emotional but the headaches were the reason I stopped using this. No weight gain or acne.
It 's been 30 minutes... I inserted the treatment after my shower. I was fine until a little leaked out. It started to burn and itch. I have school in 4 1/2 hours and can 't sleep. It 's horrible. I just hold it will work. 6 more days ..
This Medicine had no affect on my HBP.  I previously took Lisinopril, but needed to change medicines for another reason.  My BP went very high (160/110) even after taking this medicine for 7 days and I had to be changed to another medicine.
Worst experience I 've ever had on any medication.  My doctor started me on a small dose.  Within 30 minutes of taking it, I felt a buzzing in my head and a fuzzy, numb feeling.  Then, about an hour later, the really bad side effects kicked in.  My heart started racing and feeling like it was going to explode.  I started hearing voices.  I felt so bad I almost called 911 -- I couldn 't even stand up or lay down -- just laid propped up on the couch for about 24 hours until the effects started wearing off.  It was the scariest experience I 've ever had and made me afraid to take any other anti-depressant.
I had this medicine from last year for my asthma attack and continuous cough from the allergy season. I took the medice yesterday night about 9:00 p.m. Then I tried to drink a soup but I couldn 't because I was so dizzy and with nausea. I went to sleep but I couldn 't. I got off this morning feeling in the same way, but anyway I went to work, one hour later I came back home after threw up 3 times and I am still on bed.
My experience with Fetzima has been terrible.  I have never had so many side effects in my life with a medication.  At 20 miligrams I felt a little sick to my stomach. After two days the Dr. told me to increase to 40.  I felt more sick and then got a bad head ache. The pharmacist  said this should go away after a couple of weeks.  In about a week I started throwing up and sweating along with the head ache.  My doctor told me to reduce the miligrams to 20 again.  I didn 't feel any better.  Now I have gone off it after 2 weeks and 3 days.  It 's been another 4 days and I 'm still deathly ill.  Hopefully this will go away soon.  The medication started to help the depression and anxiety but I can 't live with the side effects.
I was prescribed Bactrim for a skin infection and took one pill.  Within less than an hour I was vomiting, shaking, sweating, and had severe diarrhea. I was literally unable to do anything but lay in bed with frequent bathroom trips for the next 24 hours.  It was horrible.  Never again.
well...... it worked.that 's about all I can say.You 'll be able to focus, and if you don 't mind the fact that the ONLY thing you 'll be able to focus on is how tired, nauseated, and occasionally slightly mad you feel, this is the medicine for you.despite that, it 's worth nothing that i 'm only 17 and ~130 pounds which is really close to the minimum weight on the box. based on what i 've seen, it seems to work better for ~30  year olds who aren 't underweight. not a professional, obviously, though, so take this with a grain of salt.
Demerol stimulates me and during my last 3 mild sedation procedures the more Demerol they gave me the more stimulated I became, causing me to be wide awake during the procedures.
I would not recommend this product I definitely was not prepared for the side effects. The packaging says &quot;mild burning or itching may occur&quot; but I experienced so much pain after using this product I would never have used it if I had known how much pain I 'd experience.
I am a very active 65 yr. old man.  I took Alfuzosin for one week.  The Good: after 3 days I noticed a significant reduction in the number of trips to the bathroom.  That was awesome.  The other amazingly weird thing was....I generally felt like I was 25 years younger.  The usual aches and stiffness that a man my age accepts were gone and my physical endurance was much better.  The Bad: I did have minor headaches that would creep into my day from time to time and occasionally I felt tired.  Also, my sex drive was diminished.  The Worst: I tried to have sex and had a hard time maintaining an erection.  My penis is now disfigured.  I have peyronie 's disease, no kidding.
I 've been on trinessa for about 9 years now. But for the last 3 years I have been having major issues that trinessa had previously helped with. These past 3 years my acne has come back, my skin is flaky and oily, I have unwanted facial hair, my periods have become much shorter which for me is not good, I have seizures during the 2 weeks leading up to my period, I am in immense pain and have severe fatigue during those 2 weeks as well. I 'm not sure if the birth control has stopped working or if something else that the gyno hasn 't found is causing this mess. Either way, this month I will not be taking it so I can see if being off of it helps anything.
Terrible experience my periods have got so heavy I have not been able to go to work as the super plus tampon and sanitary towel need changing every hour. Twice this week had to change the bedding as double sanitary protection does not stop it going through pyjamas, sheets, mattress protector. Have been bleeding every day for 5 months.
Cymbalta has helped me so much with horrible fibromyalgia pain.  It has also helped a great deal with anxiety.  However, I no longer believe I can handle the side effects. I have gained over 20 pounds in less than 4 months, despite exercise and calorie restriction.  I have severe constipation, very odd dreams, and hot flashes.  It is such a shame, because my fibromyalgia is so much better with Cymbalta.
Warning warning warning !!!  Please please please do not use Monistat 7, it has the worst unbearable itch in life.   The first night I inserted the cream, I had absolutely no sleep, it itched all night long, and  it made my mild yeast infection symptoms 1 million times worse. I will definitely be going to my doctor first thing in the morning. I am currently heading to the shower to wash this out of me . I inserted the first dose at 1am after a midnight run to the drugstore, it 's now 5am.. I 'm about to go insane
My Migraine did Not go away . It might have only marginally lessened it . I went to bed for two hours and have felt terrible all day . This medication made me very sleepy . I took a Second Wafer some hours later but there was Still No Improvement ! Now I cannot take any other migraine medication for a whole 24 hours. Which is far too long . I made the mistake of taking the second wafer when the first one wasn 't helping. I already had Jaw Pain so reading that others get it as a side effect makes me wonder. It reminds me of Imigraine and I thought that useless. Sydney Australia 2015.05.18
I took the Suprep at 6 &amp; 11pm Sunday. Had procedure Mon @ 7. I was in a lot of pain all over and when I woke from procedure was in worse pain. They sent me home and I was unable to eat or drink, but no vomiting. The pain got worse by evening and I was unable to walk. Off to ER where I was admitted. My Lipase level was over 3000, liver functions very bad, WBC very bad, and Potassium dangerously low!! They had to pump me full of fluids and potassium! Needless to say, Suprep almost killed me!! Never again!! And Never Again on Colonoscopy!! This was my 4th colonoscopy and never had this happen before!! 6 days later and still have diarrhea!!
I 've been on every seizure medication invented. Keppera or genetic Levatiraacetam is by far the worst one I 've been on. The side effects have ruined my life. I gained over 45 pounds the first year on it. I am now almost 70 pounds heavier than I was before I started taking the medication. I can 't work anymore because I have severe depression, anxiety &amp; insomnia. I tell people off for the craziest things &amp; am super paranoid all the time. Despite the that I take antidepressants, anxiety &amp; sleeping meds. I used to be a terrific nurse, winning awards &amp; receiving all kinds of gratitude. Now I can no longer do anything. I am terrified to leave the house, take a shower, clean or go anywhere. I have no life, I just exist. Can 't wait to get off this!
Worst pill ever. This pill has caused me to be extremely moody. My boobs have gone from a 34B to a 36C and I 'm tired all the time. I get headaches alot. Would not recommend getting on this pill to anyone
I tried xyzal for the first time and it bottomed out my blood pressure and made me weak and almost fainting. I can 't take it at all.  anyone else who had the same reaction?
Dr put me on Armor Thyroid after taking me off  Levothyroxine and Armor has done absolutely nothing in the way of making me feel better. I was taken off Levothyroxine because I felt as though I had bugs crawling on me so Dr took me off if it thinking I my be having a reaction to the medication. Since then, talking to my personal trainer who recommended that I see a his Dr  who specializes in thyroid &amp; hormones. I visited new Dr today they drew 5 vials of blood which they will test all levels of my thyroid, hormone level as well as any and all complete blood work including cholesterol.  I 'm awaiting an appt next week for results. Levothyroxine gave me great energy but lots of itching.  Armor is out for me....no results in feeling better.
Botox Bladder Beware........  I agree with that person who wished they had not let Botox anywhere near them.  I had the Botox bladder procedure 8 (yes, eight) weeks ago, and I haven 't peed yet (on my own).  Four semi-permanet catheters the first 6 weeks and then self catheters since.  Now I don 't dare go out more than 3 hours after I cath.......  or I 'll be stranded.  No hike or other lengthy activities, etc......   picture cathing behind a tree?????  Another problem is that I 'm getting very little info from my doctor.....   maybe she 's never done this before.  PS---  for males it 's very expensive; generally they need to put you out, and requires a surgey room.  Very bad decision.  Males..... don 't do it; carry a bottle, &amp; look for rtrms.
I first got this for a colonoscopy approx 6 months ago and the procedure had to be stopped as I was aware of everything and I kicked and screamed and was very upset. I tried again a few days ago same procedure was supposed to be heavily sedated was administer 5mg midazolam 50mcg Fentanyl 20mg of Hyoscine yet was still lucid and I stopped the procedure it was upsetting and traumatic.The drug does not work for me for the procedure Doctor said that he thinks I will never be able to have this procedure done under sedation. I will never have this again
I have been on antibiotic off and on for he last couple of months, definitely not my first yeast infection. I 've never used Monistat before so I figured I would ty it since it 's Saturday and I can 't go to the doctor til Monday. Used the cream right before bed and didn 't last two minutes, literally couldn 't take it, the burning and itching and pain. Miserable, it took me over a hour to remove the cream and I 'm still uncomfortable! I will never buy this again, I 'll just be uncomfortable til Monday. I don 't suggest anyone purchasing this product, especially if they have a history of sensitive skin or anything. I 'm not sure why they would continue a product that everyone is having the same result
I went through half a tube of this garbage and it didn 't work at all... and I got to be sticky as well... so that was fun.
Did nothing for me. Just gained alot of weight!
Serious allergy developed.
I 've had the IUD for 9 months and seen no improvement over time. It 's an effective form of non-hormonal  birth control, however it 's not without side effects! Prior to the ParaGard, I had no cramps and light periods (~4 days). With the IUD, it lasts 10-14 days long. I 'm comfortable for 1 week out of every month, then the cramps start about a week before my period. My period starts with spotting and rather gross looking discharge. That lasts about 5 days, then the full period starts. It 's more blood loss than I ever imagined. I bleed ~2 oz of blood within 4 hours on  day one. That 's more blood in 4 hours than most woman lose during the entire week of their period. My solutions have been iron supplements, the Diva Cup and Thinx panties.
For the first 3 months it worked but after the 4th and 5th month that had passed it had given horrible side effects such as very bad acne ( I never use to break out) and weight gain of 12 lbs within a month ( I use to be in a healthy weight.) The only pro for this pill is no cramps and lighter period. I am contacting my gyno as soon as possible to get off this horrible pill.
My M.D. &amp; Cardiologist put me on Lisinopril 20MG for a year now. Got a slight reduction in BP but experienced extreme tiredness, hair loss, trouble sleeping, lower left stomach pain &amp; later coughing producing phlegm. I didn 't realize it was this drug as I was on others but after researching it, I stopped &amp; now just take a baby aspirin. I quit as many drugs as possible &amp; now researched supplements which seem to be getting results way beyond the Big Pharma drugs. I am really mad at Big Pharma &amp; the way they programs our doctors!
Had 2 infusions in 2 years--no improvement.
I was optimistic when I started.  It tastes horrible but you can get it in.. The first dose a way.  Within 10 minutes the cleanse had begun and for that piece wasn 't bad.  What made it hard was the intense nausea that has lasted the past 4 hours and emerging headache.  If this nausea doesn 't ease I won 't be able to hold down the second dose come morning.
This pill was alright at first but not really what I wanted. As a birth control it worked fine but I was mostly using it to regulate my period and help control my acne. After 4 months of breakthrough bleeding and horrendous cystic acne  I decided to switch brands. Before starting this pill I used to get a cyst or two a month. After starting this pill, I could only start to clear my skin up on placebo week and even then it was hardly enought time to get rid of the massive cystic breakout. My friend was also on this pill but didn 't have the same cystic situation. My word of advice is if your prone to cystic acne don 't take this pill. The only think I liked about this pill was no mood changes, less pms, larger breasts and minimal weight gain.
I went from being a positive, upbeat, never cry type person. I 'm stopping it today because I have been having suicidal thoughts, huge bouts of rage, self harming behavior, anxiety, extreme irritability and horrible feelings of being worthless. I have NEVER felt like that before until I took this for  8 months . DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG
I was prescribed this medication to deal with having break outs monthly on my chin from hormones. I 've been taking this for only a week. Let me tell you first that my body is very responsive to anything I put in it. I usually have one, MAX two bumps per month on my chin, in one week I literally have FIVE knot pimples on my chin. Not a big deal to you, but I 'm 28 and have been super consistent with my breakouts, I have them down to a science. I 'll be discontinuing this medication as of today. Sad because I truly had high hopes for future super clear skin, I 'm glad it showed itself early.
My rosacea is only noticeable/active during the winter and after hot showers. I was mostly being vain when asking for this, and truly learned my lesson. I used Mirvaso twice (pea- sized amounts) and while it made getting ready in the morning easier for those two days because it worked almost instantly, on the third day my face was a PLUM. I had dark purple-ish welts/bumps all over my cheeks. Later, my entire face was red, swollen, burning, itching for 2 WEEKS. Absolutely nothing worked to make the burning redness stop (benadryl, soothing creams, naturual remedies). I never in my life experienced anything this terrible. It 's been a while but I feel like I still have an uneven complexion in comparison to before.
Three months in and I 'm an anxious, angry, depressed, lunatic with high blood pressure I can feel raging through my body and causing the sensation of heart palpitations daily.  Doctors should make greater effort telling women about possible side effects as those of us with a similar experience in the past take longer than necessary to connect that it is the pill causing all these horrible feelings and experiences. This thing can ruin lives and families before women realize it isn 't them but the pill.
Been on effexor xr for approximately 12 years! I regret taking it. Am on 225mg per day, doctor wants me to taper down to 150 per day! It 's a damn nightmare I 'm on day 2 of being on 150 mg and the withdrawal symptoms are horrible. I feel dizzy nauseous feels like my head is hot feel very tense, very moody, and  short fuse. I could go on.
This has been a horror since I took this drug - which did nothing for the situation it was prescribed for. I became unable to walk, or grip anything, and basically became an invalid. I was writhing in severe pain every night from the small amount of shuffling I had to do to keep the shreds of my life going. I got no help from my doctor, who denied the entire thing (worried about a lawsuit probably). The medical/pharmaceutical industry keeps us in the dark - the side effects listed officially are rubbish. I also had complete fog brain, as if my mind had been replaced with gelatin, really terrifying. I also had, in the first year, random speeding heart, like I was going to have a heart attack. 4 yrs later I am still bad. DON 'T TAKE THIS DRUG unless you have a life threatening infection
Please listen to me when I say that &quot;never start this medication&quot;!!!!! I was reluctant to try this only because a friend of mine talked to me about the withdraws. I (at the time) didn 't have any plans on coming off of it so I thought....what the hay. I was going through a difficult time in my life and needed something to help my anxiety and depression that came from hurting those around me from my anxiety. This medication changed me. I didn 't see it at the time. It made me completely numb to everything around me. Yes I could cry but did I really &quot;feel&quot; hurt? It caused me to leave a very amazing job that I was only at for 6 months...kinda one of those lifetime opportunities that I could kick myself for screwing up. Awful medication!!!!!!!
i was on this med for 4 years it does work but the weight gain is bad i gained 125 pounds in 4 years the doc never said anything i went in and told him to switch meds the new med is really expensive but i lost 40 lb in 6 months do not take cheap generic drugs.
They do not work. Days later I am way worse then I was. They do nothing to the cough. This drug is a joke. Do not take!
This birth control made me extremely emotional! I 'm 32 and my life was fine before I got on this pill only 2 months ago. I started flashing out on my boyfriend and have even gained about 5 pounds. I 'm finishing the pack and moving on to something else. Meds are not supposed to decrease quality of life.
What a waste of time and money!  Easiest prep I 've ever done, but no results for 13 hours after 1st dose, then took 2nd dose 6 hours before procedure and got no more results at all.  Had to cancel procedure.  Took 2 more days to get the Prepopik out of my system!  Now I get to go back and discuss alternative preps and do it all over again.
Took for three days. Immediately developed a craving for cigarettes. The next day I started to feel out of sorts and a stabbing pain in my heart. Stopped immediately but the other drugs I took after that made me even worse. Not recommended at all.
This has been a horror since I took this drug - which did nothing for the situation it was prescribed for. I became unable to walk, or grip anything, and basically became an invalid. I was writhing in severe pain every night from the small amount of shuffling I had to do to keep the shreds of my life going. I got no help from my doctor, who denied the entire thing (worried about a lawsuit probably). The medical/pharmaceutical industry keeps us in the dark - the side effects listed officially are rubbish. I also had complete fog brain, as if my mind had been replaced with gelatin, really terrifying. I also had, in the first year, random speeding heart, like I was going to have a heart attack. 4 yrs later I am still bad. DON 'T TAKE THIS DRUG unless you have a life threatening infection
I went to the ER this morning because I had a bad cough with chest pains. I was told I had bronchitis and was given two pills at the hospital. It 's been about 1 hour and a half and my stomach is cramping horribly with severe diarrhea. I will NOT be taking the remainder if this medicine. Honey and lemon for me.
It made my anxiety and depression worse while I was on it.  During the six months it took me to wean myself off of this medication, my anxiety and depression were significantly worse than before I began taking it.  I later read on PLOS Medicine that my experience is fairly typical.
I started taking these pills 3 months ago and so far it hasn 't helped with my heavy periods at all. The doctors told me it might take 2-3 cycles for it to start working but I am currently on my 3rd period since taking the pills and this time my period is way heavier than my last two and I have awful cramps (I rarely cramped before using this pill). I have anxiety all the time now as I am terrified I might develop a blood clot. I 'll give it one more month and then look into other pills I guess. Probably gonna write another review so yeah. Also I 'm 18 and my periods have been heavy since I was around 15. Praying it works because I can barely move around/stand on my period otherwise I 'll just bleed all over the place...
I never had a history of DVTs; I 'm not overweight; I do not smoke; I work out EVERY day and am generally healthy. I started taking this because I was developing ovarian cysts ALOT. Having said that, I still developed a DVT in my arm, and now I have to be on Coumadin for the rest of my life and administer Lovanox Shots in my belly twice a day.
Worse meds, there is no need to take tamiflu, Better off just riding it out.  No benefit to the patient. Only one benefitting is the doctor and the pharmaceutical company,, making money.
I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS FOR ANYONE! I unlike most people gained a lot of weight in a year. I was around 115lbs before I now weigh 150lbs. I 'm only 18 years old. I have stretch marks everywhere from this. I also do not have a period. It 's been almost 4 months since I 've had it removed and still haven 't gotten it back. Do not get this.
Had 2 pills of 20 mg (max dose recommended is just 20mg) after the food but now it 's been 2 days I can 't even walk because my back is paining and legs are killing me feel like veins are clogged.Can 't even sit can 't even stand.I 'm so irritated guys.  I 'm taking panadol.Just need to know how long stays in your body......
I was on Depo for 9 months, and overall I would rate it poorly. After my first shot, things seemed to be going normal - I was not having abnormal bleeding, I was not gaining weight (although I should say I would go out frequently and eat well), and only had a few of the minor side effects such as tender breasts. However, after the first month, everything went downhill from there! I started spotting everyday, all day long. I received two more shots to try to get my body acclimated to the hormone, and finally switched back to the pill. I also experienced a decrease in sex drive.
I had all the side effects listed after taking Lopressor for 3 days. they still persist after stopping meds 2 days ago. I was on very low dosage of 12.5 bid
This medicine is horrible! I 'm an average 20 year old that doesn 't drink, smoke or do drugs. I 've had anxiety since HS, and only recently realized it. I thought a &quot;magic&quot; pill would make my anxiety disappear, boy was I wrong. My doc prescribed me to take the 37.5 mg dose for like 5 days, then get a refill for 75 mg. The 75 mg gave me bad headaches everyday. I let her know and she prescribed me just to take the 37.5 mg, and stressed to never miss a dose. I followed what she said and I felt OK on the 37.5 mg until I started to notice hair thinning and loss! I have a head full of thick hair, never experienced hair loss in my life! The doc lied said it 's just the anxiety. Lies! I weaned myself off after 3 months, withdrawals are the worst.
Using delsym orange liquid. Suppresses cough. Tastes way better than DayQuil and robotussin syrups. Raging diarrhea, lack of appetite, vertigo, chills. Really not worth it just for a cold, but I have reached the point in my cold that if I cough or sneeze too hard that I pee.  Now I get to choose between pee or poo.
my doctor gave me adderall because i cant sit still long enough to concentrate and study and do productive things at work. He gave me 10mg to take twice a day but i didn 't feel any effects from the drug. I decided to take 2 10mg at the same time and still nothing. I am so sad right now because all i want to do is concentrate and study and do my job with concentration. I was really excited to take these pill but now am dissapointed. I think I am one of those people who are resistant to stimulant medication
This was my first birth control pill and it was the worst experience in my life! It caused severe mood swings, nausea and vomiting, insomnia, and shakiness for a week. I am trying something new. For new users, I would NOT try this first!!!
There should be a negative number rating for this product, since it literally made my issue far worse. I have rosacea and experience constant redness, sun-sensitivity, and long-lasting flushes. When initially applied, this product blanched my skin into a sort of blotchy-but-paler-than-usual state for about 12 hours....then all hell broke loose. I woke up in the night with the most intense rebound flushing imaginable. You could probably have used my face to smelt iron. I applied it once more, and then totally gave up. The discomfort was horrific, and to make matters worse, my poor skin was completely out of wack for about a week after; extra flushy, super sensitive, and generally awful. Seems like most people have a similar experience.
My husband had prostate surgery (TURP) for an enlarged prostate in January (11 months ago). Ever since, he has had annoying leakage. The doctor mentioned two options - Botox or an implanted device. He said Botox had &quot;99% success rate&quot; so my husband opted for that. Ever since, a nightmare. At first, he simply could not pee at all. He had an indwelling catheter for a while, and since has had to do self-catheterization four times a day (still cannot pee a drop). The Botox must have relaxed the bladder too much? Plus there was a LOT of old blood in his bladder, presumably from the Botox injections. The doctor said it was not possible to be from the catheters. And he has a UTI. The slight leakage seems like NOTHING next to this nightmare.
Helpful BUT it tastes TERRIBLE I absolutely hate the taste I would rather receive it through an injection than how I have to take it but my psychiatrist told me that it is okay to swallow it with a drink instead of the manufacturer directions also it is kind of like false advertising because it says that it tastes like black cherry but it does NOT at all when I was 5 I accidentally ate a small amount of poop and from what I remember it tastes almost exactly the same.
I have been using clindamycin every morning after cleansing my face almost religiously for almost 4 months and I have seen no improvement of my acne. I use Differin gel at night and still no help. All the other reviews say they saw results in days, but I still get many break outs. Also, I 'm almost 18 and I just started about 6 months ago breaking out this bad. I had occasional pimples growing up but nothing bad then all of a sudden my face has gotten really bad. 
I started using Belviq last December. From December to March I lost 30 lbs. I am still on it but it has no more effects. It wore off after 3 months. Although I am still losing slowly on my own.
This medication is TERRIBLE ! My mom started taking this medication about a month ago,  and Friday morning, May 22nd, 2015, she suffered from a horrific seizure.  She was sitting at her work desk and all of a sudden,  she started breathing really hard and fell over face first and hit her head on the carpeting,  which keep in mind is straight concrete underneath,  and started seizing.  As doctors rushed over to assist my mom and paramedics rushed in,  her life was slowly leaving her body.  Her lips turned blue,  and the oxygen was escaping. My mom regained oxgen on her own, however, she was rushed to the ER to only determine the cause was this medication. All I can say is I am lucky to have my mom here today because this could 've killed her.
Bactrim was killing my stomach no matter how much food and water I took with it. I was in constant stomach pain. Had to change it the second day.
Tapered off generic citalopram 40mg after 12 years just didn 't work anymore then tried Effexor after reading great reviews.  I took 75mg a day and into the 3rd week I had severe pounding migraines pressure behind my eyes nausea dizziness/brain zaps that were constant crying fits insomnia but vivid active dreams when I did sleep,  body chills,  leg twitches and severe terrible neck soreness. All these symptoms were happening at the same time and few times had hard pounding fast heart beats that I almost called 911. I think it may have been moderate serotonin toxicity. If you start this med start at the lowest possible dose.  It shocks your body.  Doc wants me to try Prozac but will talk to my psychiatrist first. Bad withdrawal symptoms too
I 've spent the last four months in a major depression and I only just realized that, exactly four months ago, I started the minipill. Clinical studies have shown that this pill is likely to cause depression, and boy, does it ever. My periods were irregular, but I didn 't care. I lost my appetite, but I didn 't care. I 'm stopping now and can 't wait to be rid of it. I 've wasted too much of this year in numbness and tears.
I 've been On it for about almost two months. My period was 7 days and it was very light and I didn 't have bad cramps. Bad part is, my period was gone bout a week and I started bleeding again and I 'm still bleeding over a week now !!! No sex life!!!
I am thankful this drug didn 't kill me!  After taking this drug for 8 days the side effects started and went from bad to worse...blisters on hands, and hands and feet as well as every fold in my skin turned black and I had severe diahrea, that ended up putting me in the hospital for 6 days.  The medicine reacted to my colon and it was wide open, couldn 't hold anything down, lost 17 pounds is 7 days, although the weight loss was welcomed, I wouldn 't suggest going about it this way.  I stuck it out for the full 14 day regime and my doctor believes that with taking the drug for the first cycle hopefully it shrunk some of the tumors which are in my jaw, spine, collar bone and left femur.  New treatmen coming after I recover from Xeloda!
Cannot tolerate! Attempt to cost save, due to regular brand name which my Workers Compensation is now denying! Thus, my MD, in the interim prescribed a Genaric. I 've tried in the past to utilize a Genaric form, yet, couldn 't tolerate. Have taken odanestron, anti nausea medication prior to dosage, with food. Immediately, onset of extreme nausea, vomiting, exhaustion, no pain relief whatsoever. Feel drained not productive whatsoever. Can 't sleep, insomnia now, although I 'm extremely exhausted. Thus.......these Genaric versions continue to do more harm and continue to give any relief. Back to feeling unable to function without my name brand manufacture of my original order! This only makes my health worse! Why?
I 'm definitely sensitive to BP medicine. I am 40 years old, 6 '3&quot; and physically fit. I workout almost everyday (run, cycle, lift weights). Unfortunately, I have Isolated Systolic Hypertension (the systolic runs high but the diastolic is normal). My BP varies from 140/75 to 165/80. I have tried just about every medication for BP on the market, with either no success or with side effects I could not tolerate. With Bystolic is has failed, even at doses of 20mg to get my systolic BP controlled. The real problem for me is that is has 100% eliminated ANY sexual desire. I 'm not talking about erectile dysfunction, I mean it makes me not even care about it. It also has the sticky throat feel where you need to clear it constantly. Back to square one.
I started taking Gianvi about a month ago and have nothing good to say about it. I read the reviews and thought I would be fine but I have never cried so much in my life. Things that never bother me break me down to tears and its starting to make me crazy since I was never an emotional person. It 's putting stress on me and my boyfriends relationship because we fight on a daily basis now when before nothing was an issue to slight arguments. I feel depressed and it takes everything out of me to get out of bed in the morning. I 'm never happy but haven 't gained weight and haven 't gotten pregnant but that 's the only positive thing. 
I was being treated for pneumonia. Levaquin seems too be knocking down the pneumonia down after two rounds of another antibiotic seemed ineffective. I m now 8 days out from my last dose and feel awful.  The joint pain is horrific.  I used to exercise, don 't know if I will ever be able again. DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG.  If your insurance allows opt for hospital care.
Will never take it again worst experience in my life. Took it twice the first time rashes all over my back spend a lot of money going to the dermatologist. Second time  severe pain in the body specially in both legs still going to Dr  to try to solve the problems. On top of that lots of headache. Can 't sleep at night with pain in my legs. No one should have to go through that much suffering to treat an illness. FDA should stop this drug on the market. Not recommended for anyone.
bad side effects
My doctor prescribed ULTRAM ER 200 for lower back pain and sciatica.  I was taking 1 tablet twice a day.  For 2 or 3 days it seemed to work great.  Then I started having side effects.  I had mild dizziness and a slight upset stomach.  I took Ultram ER for a total of 9 days.  The dizziness became severe, I was lethargic but not able to sleep for more than 2 or 3 hours a night, and the nausea had increased.  I stopped taking ultram ER and it took 12 days for the side effects to subside.  The doctor said I had an allergic reaction to this medication.
Very bad, Was given for pain by doctor .Dr told me make sleepy does opposite.  Gave me anger and made me depressed. Kinda mad at Dr. My be it 's a side affects lol
I 'm a 29 year old female with no preexisting medical conditions. My doctor recommended Contrave for assistance with weight loss. I was originally on the phentermine diet pill but my doctor said that pill wasn 't healthy. I was hesitant to use Contrave because it was SO expensive. I paid $98 for it with a coupon. Once I saw that it was the #1 prescribed weight loss pill, I thought it would be worth it. Well...I 'm 3 weeks in to taking the pill 2x daily with absolutely NO weight loss. The first day I was sick as a dog but after that nothing. It has not curbed my appetite at all. I still crave sweets, salty food etc..even more than I did when I was on the phentermine pill which is cheaper.  I feel like I wasted my money.
I was recently giving this in addition to wellbutrin to help with anxiety and depression. I was to take 25 mg a day for 4 days then move up to 50. right off the bat I noticed that this made me tired but when I took the 50mg dose my stomach got upset and I threw up about an hour later. Slept a long time. I woke up and felt some of the worse depression I had felt in months. I felt extremely tired, no appetite, angry, no drive, foggy headed. I 've never had any success with basic ssri 's. I was prescribed this medication over 10 years ago. It was a failure then and it is a failure now. The only AD I can seem to tolerate is wellbutrin. I don 't see the doc for a while until then I will be using other tools to combat my depression.
First 2 months of taking it I didn 't stop bleeding, gained 10 lb (been 125 lbs for the past 10 years) got zits! (Maybe had 5 zits in my whole life) then started this pill and I 'm a bloated, bloody, zitty beast! I through the pills in the trash today. Enough is enough! Horrible medication
I started out with microgestin originally and when I moved I had to switch pharmacies. In doing this, they told me i had to take a different generic because they didn 't carry the same brands as my old pharmacy. At first this was fine I was on one brand I can 't remember and then gildess. These were fine until 3 months ago they switched me to blisovi. This drug is a nightmare. I 'm 5 '2 and a freshman in college. I went from 115 to 140. 140!!!!!! On someone my height it 's very noticeable and embarrassing! Not only that but my acne is the worst it 's ever been my whole life. Do not take this &quot;generic&quot;. Even if it 's a milligram off your body reacts and this has really messed up my life. Praying Ill be able to work it off...
I was put on this antibiotic to take after I had sex, it was my last hope I get a UTI every time me and my boyfriend have had sex and have 18 since January. Anyway I took this pill in hope it will be the only thing to work for me I 'm only on my second dose so I cannot give an accurate answer but so far my ratings are not good after taking true first pill it worked however the next time I had sex with my boyfriend I took this antibiotic and felt the symptoms of a UTI coming back on, the side effects I experienced on this pill were also fast heart beat, drowsiness, waking up in the middle of the night neaseous and shortness in breath which is very scary when trying to sleep, good luck to anyone taking this antibiotic as I give up.
Age 60 male. Several years with BPH being managed by Xatral but TURP coming soon. Past year my depression/PTSD being managed by Cipralex 20mg. Unhappy with weight gain and anorgasmia so I was just prescribed Fetzima. Weaned off the Cipralex and yesterday was the first day of introduction of Fetzima (20mg) but within hours I developed urinary urgency and much reduced flow. Discomfort increased through the day causing pain and extreme gas/stomach bloating. So 24 hours later I 'm not taking Fetzima again until I talk to the doctor. It may just be coincidental but I fear the side effect of urinary retention is a real problem with the Fetzima when exacerbated by a pre-existing BPH condition so beware!
Was prescribed the zpac for an upper respiratory infection and took two the first day and one after did nothing for me but make it worse. I can 't even laugh with out coughing I stop taking it decided to take amoxicillan instead and now I 'm coughing up my mucus. Do not recommend the zpac
I had a horrible experience with this medicine, took only 100 mg once in the morning for a severe low back pain and could hardly function. I became so nauseous, vomiting, disoriented, dizzy, my head was clouded, all I could do was try to find a place to lie down. I guess this is what they call high intolerance/allergy to certain medicines. If you know you have a sensitivity, be very careful. It helped my pain some but made my day absolutely miserable.
DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG! I am a 21 year old female and I started taking accutane when I was 18 years old. I had suffered from severe acne since I hit puberty. I stayed on Accutane for 7 months. Side effects while on the drug included: Severe dry skin (could not dry myself with a towel or my skin would peel off, had to pat dry), the first couple months my hands were red and it looked like I had scales like a fish, I had dry lips, headaches, and mood swings. Three months after getting off, I was walking in a hall and my hip popped. I am now recovering from my 3rd hip surgery. The doctors have no idea what caused my hip issues being that I have had NO health problems. EVER. If I could go back no amount of clear skin is worth all this pain.
Caused severe agitation &amp; anger
Complete waste of almost $15 I paid for a bottle of this stuff.  It made my cough &amp; dry throat even worse so that I got very little sleep.  I 've taken it for 3 nights, each night with the same result, I wish I would have read reviews beforehand, I definitely would not have bought this.
Cmc jt arthritis...not sure if helps..pain same at thumb joint
It works, is all I can say. Started on the sample pack at age 12 (I am 16 now, but will never forget my experience). It worked, I cannot say that it didn 't, but it gave me the worst side effects possible. After about a month of the medicine, I was diagnosed with depression as a result of Straterra. When I took it, in probably 2011, the box said, &quot;may cause suicidal thoughts or actions&quot;, which my physician did not warn me about. Then all of the sudden I was extremely depressed and suicidal and my psychiatrist discovered that Straterra was the cause. He has had several cases before where the mental illness was caused by a drug, and nothing else. Good medicine, just beware of the side effects!
I am having a allergic reaction to this drug and nobody will listen to me. I 'm losing my hair. My throat burns, I have blisters on my tongue. It burns when I go #2. I feel like I 'm dying!!!!!!!! Why won 't anybody help me. I received a shot in my back in Dec. 2016 and I 'm still in agony. I had one [1] shot in the Drs. office. I am also on gabapentin [800] mil. tablets. Hydrocodone [10-325 tb tablets. cyclocenzaprine [10 mil tablets.and over the  counter allergy medicine to try to stop the reaction. and pepto-bismol  to stop chronic diarrhea.  If you can help me PLEASE LET ME KNOW ASAP.
I literally just used day 1 of  the 3 day. I 've taken it before a few years ago with no issue. But today...Omg worst stuff ever !!  I rinsed n rinsed with cold water, applied the external cream(mistake)... That had everything on fire. So then I washed that off n applied cortisone cream. N that was horrible!!! Same burning!! I believe it could be the medicine reacting with the scratching from the actual YI .. Anyways I 'm laying in bed trying to keep my lower extremities as still as possible 
As soon as I started this birth control I became very nauseous and bloated. I also became extremely hormonal and began flirting with every guy I saw. I got a lot of side effects as well: stinging eyes, extra sensitive skin, mood swings, soreness, etc. As far as periods go..this still gave me a period and I ended up having brown spotting (gross), back pain, and cramps. It also lasted longer than my regular one usually would. This BC pill will not help with your acne as it tends to give you MORE hormones than less. I know you 've probably heard that your dermatologist say you should give a pill 3 months but in my experience it should start working immediately.  just my advice:)
An urgent Care Dr. prescribed Flagyl 500 mg 3 times a day for 10 days because of diarrhea and slight nausea from a possible parasite I caught in Mexico.  She didn 't do the standard stool samples to confirm anything and started me on Flagyl.  I was fine from day 1-6.  However, day 7 was awful. I was so nauseous, my skin hurt and felt like it was on fire, my back hurt, I had a headache. I went to the ER on day 8 and they checked my blood, stool did a CT scan and nothing came back out of the ordinary. I completed the 10 days and am currently 6 days off.  My doctor said my stomach has suffered so much trauma it will take a while to get back to normal. I 'm praying for some reprieve of this nausea.
Silenor was a nightmare for me. I stuck with it for about 3 weeks and thought I was going out of my mind. I did not sleep at all for the first 4 days and then the hallucinations began. If I did sleep it was in for about 30 minutes at a time and then the terrible nightmares kept me awake for the rest of the night. 
I took this before my trip to New England in the winter time per my Dr suggestion as it would help prevent the very cold weather up north from making my bones and joints hurt n ache. It took away all my RA pain but wow the side effects like eating and puffy face etc were yukky. I won 't take it again unless I absolutely have too....
This drug made me feel crazy! Increased hallucinations, delusions and paranoia! Wouldn 't recommend to anyone, stay away from this med!!!
I took this for 10 yrs. began experiencing severe leg cramping and depression. During a routine exam found a lump in my breast at 31. Had a hysterectomy at 40 due to Adenomyosis and eventually had a bilateral mastectomy at 51 after developing breast cancer.
I suffer from migraines, and every time I get one, I got to stay in the hospital every time and nothing works, been to neurologist and still nothing... Not 1 medication works, I get cluster and status migraines.. :(
I do not recommend Topamax as a solution to migranes. Although it did help keep the frequency of the headaches down at first, in the long run, I had just as many migranes as usual and there were too many side effects to make it worthwhile. My short term memory was practically shot, my hands would tremor and go numb as some points, and i experienced irregular heartbeat, trouble focusing, and sleep issues.
my husband had a seizure and went into heart failure and died after taking amrix  for two days.
I had an absolutely horrible interaction with this medication. I was prescribed 50mg to treat insomnia because I literally have not slept for more than an hour a night in 8 days. I cut the pill in half and took 25mg last night. Within 30 minutes I had bed spins, my heart was beating so hard and fast you could see it and my husband who was in bed next to me could feel the bed moving to the rhythm of it without us even touching, blinding headache and the shakes. Needless to say I did not sleep and my head still hurts so bad I can not lift it. I have heard so many great things about this treating insomnia and for me personally it was was a bad experience. Doesn 't mean it will not be great for someone else though. Good luck with your decision.
This drug was an experience in itself. The 1st night I got the restless legs syndrome and kept getting out of bed to go to the bathroom because I had this urge to urinate but... when I got there, couldn 't. Then, the next day in the morning I felt whacked. Stoned. Then, I 'd pick up after breakfast and my mind would race. I 'd become manic. Which was enjoyable. Like an uber high. That bit was good. But kinda defeats the purpose ... so goodbye Saphris.
Everyone has a different experience with birth control methods, and mine was terrible. I got Paragard inserted in June 27, 2013 and had it removed June 12, 2017. The insertion pain was terrible, I took  way too much of Motrin to help with the pain and it did nothing. My periods became heavy bleeding and passing clots. The bleeding was nothing compared to the pain. I cramped for a full week before my period would arrive. They woke me up in the middle of the night, I would writhe in pain. All four years my periods were regular, until my most recent period was 6.5 weeks long. All testing was inconclusive. I gained 50lb with no change in diet, and it 's hormone free. Not sure why. I began getting yeast infections.
First time taking birth control pills. Not even a week I lasted. I read reviews online to see what the side effects consisted of. I was convinced that you know &quot;Everyone reacts differently&quot; so I went ahead and gave it a shot. Within the week of taking these pills my side effects were:-Knee pain on both sides-Acne (another main reason why I wanted to get on it is so my acne would ease down)-Migraines-Depression -Body aches-Allergic reaction (I began to see large itchy red patches around my body)Overall I couldn 't bare it any longer and immediately had to see a doctor. I never write horrible reviews on anything but I think it 's fair to share my experience for other first timers too.
I changed from the POP to Loestrin about a month ago specially to clear up spots, it is great if you want a regular light period however don 't go near it if you 're looking for acne relief! Has made my face go from a few pimples to a horrible mess! Also has caused some uncomfortable and not nice looking bloating :( Managed to change pills and recommend Doxycyline for Acne relief instead of the pill as none of these side affects and works well!
I took this medicine for 3 weeks and I became a completely different person I got really depressed, very moody, bad headache, vivid dreams, body was achy, nausea and throwing up. I stopped taking it after my 3rd day of not getting out of bed because I was so depressed and nauseated. I have quit smoking before and the depression and moodiness I felt from this medicine is NOT normal nicotine withdrawal it is definitely side effects from the medicine. On the medicine it took me all I had just to do one load of laundry. I am quitting cold turkey now.
HORRIBLE! I was not myself at all. I cried everyday, had severe anxiety, depressed. I didn 't want to even leave the house. I caught myself not wanting to talk to anyone or be around people. I don 't even remember the bleeding part because my emotions were so bad. It put a strain on my relationship with my husband because he was trying to be so supportive and I was such a jerk and even with my family. I wouldn 't recommend this to anyone. Stick to the pill!
I have it say that anyone would think aspirin would touch a migraine--in case you 're wondering--NOT EVEN A LITTLE!  I thought this was a migraine medication, since it came from a referral to a neurologist--what a wasted office visit AND wasted Rx.  Absolutely no relief from this medication and it gave me a nose bleed.  I 'm so disappointed with the whole migraine &quot;treatment&quot; process.  If the drug companies can give Hugh Hefner a boner, why do I have to continue to suffer migraines?
Didn 't find it any good. Put on weight and twitched a lot and got the headaches.
I started Forteo full of optimism that I would be a &quot;10&quot; in experience. The daily shots were fine, no big deal. But after a few days I felt sick all over as if I had the flu. I actually thought, this is how chemo patients feel. I persevered...... Then the pain in my left upper arm started and nearly crippled me. I am 68 and a recently retired physiotherapist who plays tennis, skis, skates, sails, swims, etc etc. I felt horrible and ended up in tears. I saw my doctor, a Rheumatologist, who dismissed me and my symptoms, left me bereft as a hopeless case. I stopped Forteo and it took approx 2 weeks for my left arm pain to go away. I feel great now.
Do not take!! I woke up 2 hours after taking the pills confused, dizzy, sweaty, pukeing, and I 've never had stomach cramps so bad in my life. I went back to bed at 12, and woke up at 7am with the same problems! I 'd rather be constipated than take that again.
After 5 years of not being on birth control I was prescribed Apri (.15mg/0.03mg). I was on it for a month and just felt very angry all the time. I constantly lashed out at my loved ones. The week before I was on the non active pill (white ones) i had cramps 5 days straight , when originally when I was off birth control I hardly had cramps. I saw no difference in my acne. But I just couldn 't handle being so angry and snapping at everyone around me. I switched to Tri Sprintec and have been on that for a month and I am back to my usual self (hope this works instead). So if you experience bad side effects or just aren 't yourself , switch to something else.
I 've had a horrible experience with this shot. I only wish I have read all of the horror reviews before getting it to save myself a year of hormonal problems and a scarred face from a cystic acne breakout. Once I got the shot I got online and started reading the reviews and was horrified because part of me knew I made a huge mistake- and oh did I. I bled for 6 months straight! I was practically drinking liquid iron by glasses because of how much blood I was losing after getting the shot. I got the shot BECAUSE of painful and heavy bleeding periods! But it only made it much much worse. I finally went back to my docs, they put me on patch that stopped the bleeding
This was probably the worst medication ever!! The burning and iching was unbearable. Took the medicine and a few minutes later I thought my vagina was on fire! I had had a yeast infection before that and bought the cvs brand medicine and it was great. Wanted to try this one because thought it would be the same and it was the worst thing I have ever done. Too painful, never ever buying this again.
I was switched to Blisovi when my insurance changed a few months ago and have had a terrible experience!! My periods are horribly irregular, I constantly bleed in between and have gained over 10 pounds (which is a lot for as small as I am). The bloating is constant and so so uncomfortable. It is almost impossible to sleep well, which I first thought was from a busy schedule, and even when I sleep I NEVER have the energy to get through the day without being exhausted. I truly do not recommend this drug, not at all worth the awful side effects.
I had a severe allergic reaction. I awoke with slight leg pain and my legs felt weak and heavy. It got worse throughout the day. The next morning, I had severe leg pain and struggled to walk. I had to pull my legs into my vehicle. When I informed my pharmacist, she advised to cease gabapentin immediately and to see my doctor. The symptoms improved over a week, less pain and could walk normally. My legs still feel weak and heavy and I get random stabbing leg pain. Last time I took it was 1.5 years ago.
I only took Atorvastatin (40mg tabs) for two days and noticed a slight rash all over my torso.  The next day it had spread and looked redder.  Nurse said to take Benadryl and go to ER if it became worse. 
I have chronic IBS and I had the diarrhea  IBS when I was young  I 'd go before dinner is over now I don 't go in weeks and if I do they are pearls ;(  I went to the dr 2 days ago I got a sample my dr said you don 't bloat or cramp when you take this which was not true . I looked this up because I 'm in such dying pain   . I 've been miserable for 2 hours now and I 've gone 12 times . Every time I sit down I get stomach pains I run to the bathroom to explode, I 'm getting leg cramps from sitting to much I was using a heating pad. Now my butt burns I need butt paste  to heal and for the last hour I 've had  contractions of pain. Nausea, chills, and anxiety to go again with panic and a burned butt with poo looking particles of sand 
My doctor prescribed this medication after a very painful lower back sprain. At the recommended dosage this medication did little or nothing for my pain. When I increased the dosage to cure the pain this medication upset my stomach. 
I had a very bad experience with this drug I gave to my mom this inj.mvi and she developed severe allergic reactions. Hence I feel this as a negative experience
It keeps me from bladder infections but also gives me terrible nausea.
I 've been using this for 5 weeks now and my acne has only gotten worse. Much worse in fact, it seems that I now have 10x as much acne than I did before I used this.
I got my nexplanon implanted in November 2015 and it was fine no bleeding a little increased acne and I actually lost weight. Then in early January I started spotting and it has not stopped it 's not heavy but it 's been constant if the purpose is abstinence then it 's doing its job because there 's no having sex if you 're bleeding constantly. I 'm going to the doctor to see if anything can be done if not I 'm having it removed and trying something else.
My mom has been given Prolia twice, 6 months apart. Each time, she had a series of mini strokes a week after the shot were administered. Her face and left arm would go numb, accompanied by nausea. The mini strokes would last 1-2 minutes, and repeat 4-5 times a day. She was put on blood thinners after the first episodes. Any testing done did not reveal anything.  is this yet another side effect of Prolia? Has anyone else experienced this?  She will not take this drug again!
I only took 3 pills and immediately I had sharp pains in my legs and arms. It bothered my stomach even though I took it with food. I had ear pain at night. This pill was not right for me.
We are disappointed.  My 14 year old son has taken 40 mg 1x/day for 18 days and his skin is worse than ever.  He seems more moody than normal and his lips are super chapped (I feel like the chapped-lip police with my chapstick in hand).  We really hoped for results of any kind with his cystic acne.  We are going to try a higher dose after he gets the blood test in a week or so. He is discouraged. The cost of the higher dosage is almost prohibitive.  Our insurance doesn 't cover meds because we have a high deductible but we feel that clearing up his acne is important for his self esteem.  It seems criminal to charge so much for meds.
My PCP put me on this and I took my first injection this past Saturday night. Woke up to horrible nausea and sulphur burps on Sunday. Still dealing with those today (Wednesday). Vomited three times at work Monday around 2, and the nausea deceased for a couple hours afterwards. However the nausea returned with a vengeance, and I took Phenergan and went to bed early when I got home. Back to work on Tuesday but had to leave after only 3 hours after the vomiting started again. Began having abdominal pain and diarrhea as well and spent most of the day yesterday in bed, eating Phenergans as often as I could. Still sick as a dog this morning and called in for the day. I will but be taking another injection, and I pray this poison wears off soon!!
OK, regular blood work last year in August.  Elevated liver numbers.  Go to gastro - run more blood tests, positive for Hep-c.  Suggested Harvoni.  We read about it, talked about it, decided to do it.  12 week treatment, started Feb. 1, 2016.  Blood work every 4 weeks.  Gone after first month.  Gone after 2 month.  Gone after 3 months and no more pills.  No side effects either.  Did quit drinking while taking the medication.  So happy......next blood work.  Still good.  Blood work 2 weeks ago (Early Aug, 2016)....it 's back.  So disappointed.  Heartbreaking.  And on top of it all, about 7k in co-pays.  A big waste of time and money.  Read another forum where everyone had a relapse.  Doesn 't appear to be as good as thought if you ask me.
I 've never been on birth control, but decided to try lilletta since our insurance covers it. I got it inserted 8 weeks after having my daughter. Sex was painful for both my husband and I. We had to get the strings cut and the iud fell out and had to do it again. I 've been bleeding for almost 6 months now off and on. This birth control is very annoying
I 've been taking Lamictal for 7 months for seizures. It was prescribed by the Neurologist. One month after I started taking Lamictal, I suffered a stroke with an epilepsy attack. From day one, I told my doctor about all the stomach ache from taking Lamictal. She did not stop or changed the medication and now after having a biopsy to the stomach, it was found to be caused by Lamictal. I try to tell the doctor but she refuses to accept that Lamictal was causing my stomach aches. Lamictal is the only medication I am taking.
Took minastrin for about a year and a half and saw nothing but bad side effects. My period was regular and short (but this has never been a problem for me anyway) I gained weight, had an increase in frequency and severity of my headaches , sometimes lasting for days at a time with no relief, and my skin has gone crazy! I never had bad skin before taking this bc. That is probably the worst part for me since it is visible to everyone around me!
I had a horrible cough, I was coughing so hard I couldn 't breathe and I was vomiting. I was diagnosed with bronchitis. I was on the 3 day Pack of AZ. No improvement whatsoever, just horrible diarrhoea and extreme dizziness and fatigue. Was put on other antibiotics and now I 'm improving.
WORST BIRTH CONTROL EVER! i had been on ortho tri cyclen lo for over a year or 2 and my insurance had just chose the tri lo sprintec for the generic brand. the pharmacist told me it was the EXACT SAME THING. no it wasnt. i felt fine my first pack and the right into my second pack i started to get anxiety attacks out of nowhere. i would just be sitting on my couch and my heart would start racing and it felt like i couldnt breath. i was diagnosed with interstitial cystitis 3 years ago and it completely made that flare up. on top of all that i was upset all of the time for no reason. i would not recommend this birth control to anyone.
I was prescribed Bactrim twice a day for 10 days.  The first day was ok by 2nd day I had a bad case of nausea and itchy.  3rd day nausea, fatigue, flu like symptoms and feeling cold along with insomnia.   I stopped taking it and gradually I 'm feeling myself.  I continued keflex until the infection healed.   I won 't take it again.  It 's not worth the misery in my opinion.
I 'm currently 27 weeks pregnant, I 've been having some trouble sleeping so I decided to take unisome, I 've never felt so restless in my life! I 'm wide awake, dry mouth, awful taste in my mouth. I think it had the opposite effect on me, I feel sleepy but just cannot fall asleep. Very frustrating, gonna have to find another solution.
I started taking these pills and within three days I started getting nauseous and I couldn 't stop vomiting. It was a terrible experience, and I don 't recommend them.
This was horrible! I had the infection for about 3 days until I could get the cream and started it tonight. I put it in and in less than a minute felt the horrible itching and burning like everyone else. It was so bad I took it out and washed after less than five minutes. I will not be using this ever again and I will be telling my pharmacist about this. DO NOT BUY THIS IT IS THE WORST FEELING EVER.
I went on the shot in early July (2016) because I had very heavy periods that I wanted to control. After the first month, my regular cycle came but NEVER stopped. I bled every single day until my next shot. The doctor told me it should stop after the second shot once it regulated in my body. About a week after my shot, I started bleeding even heavier. I was having to change my tampon each hour and blood clots were coming out of me. After a month of bleeding like that it began to settle. I decided that I was not going to get my third shot ( January 2017). Anyways it is now June and I am still bleeding every single day. I 'm now Anemic and have no energy. Not to mention all of the money I have spent on pads and tampons.
This was my first pill I have ever tried, and it was by far the worst one. Depression is a silent killer, no sex drive, tired, weight gain. It was not healthy for me, when I quit it I felt much better and became myself again, not worth it.
Failed me twice...used next choice twice and still got pregnant
I started taking Aviane in April I switched to it from YAZ because it made me psycho with migraines every other day. At first I loved Aviane because my headaches went away. I 'm now 8 months into it and breaking out like a teenager. I am 25 years old but you wouldn 't know it by my face. I am so depressed about it. I don 't want to look at anyone or talk to anyone. My overall mood when I don 't have to talk to people is great. I love the way it makes me feel. It just seriously screwed up my face with cystic acne all around my chin and mouth area. I 'm switching to another pill on Sunday! YAY ME! More breakouts through the transition period. WISH ME LUCK. :(
I was taking Aviane before and transferred my prescription to a different pharmacy. There they gave me lutera since they did not have aviane... Worst experience of my life. Constant headaches and acne were the main symptoms right before my period. Extremely painful periods as well. If you are experiencing these symptoms while on lutera, I would highly recommend trying aviane. I do not have any headaches or acne and my periods are pain free.
Way too itchy, I can barely leave it on, I tried it for a week straight, and at the end of the week where I had the patches started to bubble up like a blister. Extremely painful for prolonged use.
My experience with Brintellix has been terrible. This is the worse anti-depressant I have ever taken. Bad if you have insomnia. Bad if you have problems with rumination. Bad if you have anxiety. Enough said.
For me all the side effects were extreme. Too extreme to continue taking the medicine for more than a week.
I took one 50mg dose and woke a few hours later with serious chest pains, a bad chemical taste in my mouth and nose.  I have no idea whether it changed the bladder problem and I will not touch it again.
Lexapro made me very tired all the time. I NEEDED a daily midday nap. I 'm a college student so I was able to sleep at odd periods of the day, but it was ridiculous. I could get a solid 10 hours of sleep at night but by 1 pm I 'd be dead tired. One time I was late picking up a kid I used to babysit from her elementary school because I fell asleep and slept through my alarm in the middle of the afternoon!! I was never the type who could take naps until I started Lexapro. I didn 't stay on it for more than 6 months because being THAT tired all the time was ruining my social life, grades, work life, the list goes on.
My daughter took this medication for about one year.  It helped with her mood swings but the side effects are not worth it.  She has a bladder infection, bladder incontinence, weight gain (which upsets her and causes more mood swings!), plus it has slowed her mental processing speed (lower grades in school).  
I have been on this birth control for two months now. The first month I had no bleeding. The first day that I started the second month I started bleeding and I have been bleeding every single day since. It 's freaking miserable!!!
Due to my age (42) and the need for contraceptive and relief from having my period last 2 of 4 four weeks after my second child, I was advised that the Mirena was the best option. I was concerned about having several fibroids which I was diagnosed as having when I was 30. So, Mirena inserted.  The bleeding was inconsistent for 12 months. My doc said give it 3 mths, then 6 mths, then 9 mths. No change.  After the first month it was noticable that my belly was sticking out. I gained weight around the middle that I could not budge. Had it taken out and felt normal again the next day. Then my period came, with a vengeance. I believe my body stored my menstrual blood which made my fibroids bigger than before. Back to the gyno for me.
Like many others here, I was prescribed Gildess by my doctor, and used it for over a year without a single side effect. This past month, I went to pick up a refill and was informed that it had been discontinued and was given Blisovi as a substitute. I have had an absolutely HORRIBLE experience. In the past month, I have gained 5 pounds (which is a lot on on my 5 '1 frame), experienced EXTREME changes in mood (unpredictable anger/depression), and this past week I 've started to experience frequent panic attacks. My vision has deteriorated noticeably, and I have felt periodically dizzy. DO NOT take this!
I am with this medication for 2 months in 1600mg twice a day I don 't feel it help me and I have a lot of side  effect like headache, hot red flashes on my face, eyes, pain in my legs, arms sometimes diarrhea, less appetite. I hope continuing this medicine improve my breathe because I 'm not ok right now. I 'm taking adcirca and( nitric oxide this is a study)..
I have been on this for 8 months and sad to say it 's caused nothing but my self esteem to become lower. I 've gained 10 lbs out of no where. I 'm only 22 and have a fast metabolism. I thought it started to slow down but it didn 't make sense. My breasts got smaller, I have lost complete sex drive, my breasts aren 't sensitive anymore at all like they used to be and I 'm so emotional, even crying at times. The only thing I can say is that it is 100% effective but not worth what it has done to my body. Not only that but I started breaking out on my body and on my face as well.
FIRST day neck started itching almost right away later few days skin was red and burned like a bad sunburn became anxious and angry emotions , would not recommend should be banned forever.
After only taking this medicine for 9 days, I 've already decided to discontinue use. My side effects are as follows:1. mood swings/depression/anxiety: None of these were present before I began taking the pill. I cry for no reason, and have a constant feeling of deep, deep worry. I have begun questioning everyone 's motives, and feel hopeless.2. Constant Sleeping: Before the pill, I would have to force myself to go to bed by 10, to be able to fall asleep by 11. I am exhausted by 8pm now, and generally crash by 9. 3. Cramps: stabbing pains, like with a period.4. Breast tenderness5. Pain during intercourse6. Acne7. Severe nauseaI am stopping this now and getting my life back.
I have been using Acanya for a while now because of my mild acne, I stopped using it for a few weeks because my skin was really clear. Now I 've been back on it my skin is horrid, every time I put it on I get burns on my face almost like sun burns. It worked really well in the beginning but now all it 's doing is burning my skin and it 's terrible.
They don 't work. I take 7.5 mg of percocet for break through pain. I 've been in agonizing pain for a year. Possibly having surgery soon. Any suggestions to talk to my dr about . This is horrible with no quality of life.
Drowsiness but no sleep, so much worse than the Ambien and Lunesta that at least work a little.  Finally fell asleep at 6am, woke three hours later, felt like death all day.  Dizzy, drowsy, poor appetite, felt like my body was made of lead.  I 'm often low energy but this was scary.  Took for one night, would rather stay awake all night than do it againz
I had a horrible reaction to ciprofloxacin; extreme chills, nausea, sudden diarrhea, and dizziness.
I don 't like it !! Bad depression, bad temper, bad cramps, sensitive breast, weight gain, tired and not in the mood for anything. The only reason I 'm doing this is to regulate my periods and  it 's the only thing that 's working.
The directions say to dissolve in the mouth but it 's very bitter. Does anyone else have this problem?
DO NOT BUY THIS. I am saving you!!! I was having yeast infection symptoms , took the 1 day pre-filled applicator and woke up to a swollen vag. I 've never felt like this in my life.. today is day 2 after using the medication and I still don 't feel normal. I am itching still.. I did call the number on the box and they requested to send me my money back!! If this product did not work for you please get your money back because this stuff is terrible. I 'm so disappointed.
I was on this for 2.5 weeks. I was on a 50mg dosage and I don 't know if it was too much for my body (I weigh under 110) but the severity of my panic and anxiety worsened. At first it made have insomnia and then after a week it was the complete opposite - uncontrollably falling asleep immediately about 30 minutes after taking the dose and it became incredibly hard to wake up in the morning. It would feel like lifting 400 lbs to make my legs move in the morning and I would still feel tired after 14 hours of sleep. My fearful thoughts became worse and completely clouded my head, and I had this overwhelming feeling of impending doom resulting in panic attacks. Also loss of appetite from a combination of the extreme dry/cracked mouth and nausea.
Didn 't do anything for my pain! This stuffs is rubbish.
Took for three days. Immediately developed a craving for cigarettes. The next day I started to feel out of sorts and a stabbing pain in my heart. Stopped immediately but the other drugs I took after that made me even worse. Not recommended at all.
I haven 't gained weight, or had more breakout, but I have had three one week periods in a months time. I haven 't even finished the first pack. And I know things. Take time to get working well, but this is just a bad sign to me
Had horrible side effects from zo metaWill not take this med ever again.Hospitalized for 7 days and now at rehab trying to walk again.Please research this med and read testimonals before taking, wish I had.
I have had this in my arm for three months first month no bleeding second month bleeding for one week third month I have been on my period from Nov 5 2015 until Now ..and its almost Dec. My life feels like it is going downhill, my boyfriend mad because I made the choice without him and we can 't even have sex because of the bleeding and my doctor said wait until Feb for removal.  I feel like I 'm going to pass out before then and  I just can 't take it any more
Prescribed mirtazapine 30 mg for insomnia. First night I fell asleep in 20 minutes. &quot;Slept&quot; all night, not a &quot;good nights sleep.&quot; Had strange dreams. Woke up but couldn 't open eyes. No energy, hard to get out of bed, slurred speech, couldn 't walk straight. Didn 't leave couch all day. At 2 am (2nd night) took 15mg, asleep in 20 minutes. Dog woke me up at 8:30 am, could barely get up, couldn 't walk straight, dropped &amp; broke dish(never do that), stumbled back to bed, had a very tiring dream. Woke up at 12:30 pm, can 't get up, can 't open eyes. Its 4:34 pm and I 'm still on couch. Feel like a zombie, no energy, feeling mood swings and more depressed. No way I could drive car. Will try 7.5 mg tonight. My last attempt with this medicine.
About a month ago me and my boyfriend had unprotected sex. We are only 19 and not ready to be parents so I did some research and found plan b as an option. Still I was scared because it was only our first time... I bought it that same day about 5 hours later I took it. I really thought it wasn 't going to work, and about a week later I started feeling like crap. I started spotting, I felt bloated along with being gassy, breast tenderness, cramps, headaches and nausea. I was freaking out when I saw all of those were signs of pregnancy. I was sooo stressed but then my period came. So DO NOT STRESS or look up anything to freak you out! It 's not worth all of it.. let God do his job and you 'll be fine..
I 'm dying here ! I couldn 't sleep after using product . Itching kept me up all night. The next day I am irritated, there 's redness, burning , itching . And I 'm crying right now . I can 't walk , I tired ice . Also I have the AZO pills along with cream . About to try some yogurt . Wish I would 've went to the doctor to get the pill .
I am a 26 yo, no babies or pregnancies. I am very sensitive to hormones. The pill made me almost suicidal so my doc suggested the ring. The first month went ok. The second month I developed a horrible yeast infection a few days after insertion. I took Diflucan and the symptoms seems to reside. But the next month the same thing! A few days after insertion a horrible yeast infection! I took Diflucan and it did not clear up. My doc recommended that Monistat works better so I tried that too. I even had my partner get tested to make sure he wasn 't carrying it. The Monistat did not clear it either. I had terrible pain and burning and finally just took Nuvaring out early. The symptoms went away almost immediately.
I am stage 4, took metronome had great results then ibrance,just the 1st month I was on it 3 tumors popped up, got off it for 3 months then went back, well it made the tumor bigger,..side effects, back aches while walking, sore throat, hair loss, weakness in arms, feeling tired all the time, my cancer psa was 14, in one month on ibrance it went to 35,..I see oncologist on the 9th, I 'm sure my psa will be higher, so I 'm taking my self off of it...
My doctor suggested for me Cialis 5 mg daily to treat Prostate enlargement however from day 1 to day 5 I was suffering from back pain with chest burning like heart attack. so my doctor stopped it immediately. Now I am using it .25 mg half day before sex. it is very good for erection and also to relieve prostate bad feeling during ejaculation
I was recommended allergy tablets by my doctor for a skin rash, after the 2nd night I cannot sleep! I read the leaflet again and one side effect is insomnia, I have never suffered from this before. I will not be taking these again!
I have used Lidocaine patches for years they work really well on my back pain. That is until my pharmacist changed brands and I received Mylan brand of lidocaine patch 5%. This brand is a waste of money. They do not stay on at all. When you finally peel it off (which is very difficult) the backing and press it to your skin immediately the patch begins peeling up. If you to get the patch on you have to take first aid tape and place it on the patch or otherwise it falls off. This company needs to know that their product is all most useless.
This medication is overpriced rubbish. Maybe it works well for those who absolutely cannot control their eating, but I feel that I over paid for this drug for almost three years before talking to my doctor about the expense, and then having them adjust me back to metformin and glypizide, separately. My costs went from over $400 a month to $8 a month, and zero change in my levels. This drug is a  scam by the manufacture in my opinion, and I 'd like to rip somebody 's head off at Merck. Do not fall for this; it 's literally just a scam on the part of the greedy corporate drug companies
I did not notice a change while taking this med. I still took it for 2 years even though it was not effective. The reason I continued this med was because everything me and my Dr tried to get me off the med, it did not work. Finally after 2 years. I was able to stop taking it by starting prozac the next day of my last dose of cymbalta. I took the prozac for 10 days with no side effects and then I stopped the prozac. I am finally free of that prison.
This Med makes my arthritis worse.My doc is fired, the meds in the trash.Good luck.
Usually allows a half hour to an hours worth of sleep......that is the 30mg.
My mother was on this medication for 2 weeks for early stages of Alzheimer 's. The first week family thought we could see noticeable improvement. By the end of the 2nd week she was confused and defecating in her hand which she had never done before. The doctor discontinued and after a few days she was back to where she was before starting the med. My advice is watch your loved one closely for side effects.
OMG had a little itching and redness so decided to save a trip to the gyno and bought monostat 1 cream filled application. I took it at 9:00 pm.  Within minutes I felt tingling and burning but thought that was part of the process. I fell asleep and awoke a few hours later because I felt like I had something in between my legs, and the pain and burning was so severe Got a mirror and screamed my Vj was the size of a pear! I looked deformed like nothing I ever seen. It was swollen 10 times normal size. I was laying on the floor crying.  I read about how many other women this happened to and one suggested a douche with cold water. Try to get the cream out although so much already absorbed into the vagina. Helped a little. BEWARE. 
I have been feeling very bad for the last 3 weeks.  I even went to the ER.  I have had high BP, constant headache, shortness of breath, chest pains, rapid heartbeat and buzzing in my ears.  It has not helped my bladder issues. Worst of all, none of the doctors I have seen, figured that out. Even after asking what all my medications are.  When they kept telling me all was well, except for mildly high BP. So, each time I left feeling like I was going crazy or a hypochondriac. Then I started thinking, what drug have I started taking most recently.   I looked it up and surprise......there were all my symptoms. Well, I have stopped taking this drug and will not recommend it to anyone......
I gave myself an injection of the medicine in my doctor 's exam room under the direction of the drug rep following instruction on administering the drug and diet instruction.  No one checked my blood sugar level nor my medical history.  I assumed the injection was safe because my doctor allowed the rep to give it to me.  The next morning I awoke to a panicked husband because I was thrashing about in the bed and he could not waken me. He had given me a peppermint orally and called 911.  I could see his face but could not speak to respond to him.  My feet and legs were cramping but I could not communicate this to him nor my daughter.  The EMTs gave me glucose and I recovered quickly.  My husband and daughter fearfully watched me for weeks.
This pill makes me taste and smell this nasty sour milk taste all the time. I cannot get rid of it, it makes me so nauseous that the thought of taking it nauseates me already. I get so sick off of it, been on it for over two years and symptoms of nausea never subsided. It has also completely taken away my sex drive, only reason I know this is because once my ex and I broke up I got off of it for four months and I was super horny, so uncontrollably horny, I wanted sex at all hours, but upon going back on it, I have zero desire for it. I 've missed many days on this pill, because I rather just not take it, that 's how gross it is and sick it makes me feel which obviously reduces its effects. If you can get another, please do.
Started taking this 6 months ago for hbp.  I have no energy and could literally lay around all day.  I 'm in bed by 8pm wake up still exhausted.  After reading the reviews here I have decided to stop taking it...period.  I feel much better with hbp!
Pure pharmeceutical trash.  I gave the last 29 (of 30) pills to my doc and told her to keep it.  Worst night of my life...jittery, heart racing and trembling.  ....
Hello! I was just prescribed this today..so day one. I was not sure about this combo of drugs but when the doc said it help with appetite control AND anxiety, I thought great! 2 Birds with one stone.  :-D I am 56 years old 5 '3&quot; and 160 lbs. UGH! I told the new doc that I have thyroid issues and wanted a blood test. And that I had always been able to lose weight in the past when I wanted to. I was a former personal trainer in my 20 's but with my old age here I can 't seem to lose it no matter how hard I try! He mentioned Wellbutrin was part of the compound... and I was good with it since I had taken this in the past.  Will keep you updated.
I started on Altace for blood pressure of 145/90. Brought my BP down to 130 's and 80 's. During this period (2yrs) I had a cough that progressively got worse, to the point everyone thought I was catching a cold. I would cough everyday. By the end of the second year when I would cough I would gag and cough up clear liquid. I spoke to the doctor and she said &quot;Oh no, your cough is not from this.&quot; Well I re-read the pharmacy papers and it was stated that a possible side effect of this medicine is a cough. I called the doctor and told her what I read, she agreed to change my prescription, within a couple of days my cough was gone. So if you have a persistent cough (dry or wet) on any medicines for more than a month please investigate the side effects.
I used this for 2 years and it controlled my fungus but did not get rid of it.
I got the nexplanon implant in March of 2015. I chose the implant because unlike every other form of birth control (except the iud), you don 't have to remember to do anything. It just sits in your arm and does it 's thing. I started bleeding about a week after I got it and have bled every day since March 31. Its September 24th today. I have an appointment tomorrow to get it taken out and on something else. The only way that this BC was effective is that I didn 't get pregnant (because who wants to have sex when you 're always bleeding...). I had high hopes for Nexplanon and I really wouldn 't recommend that anyone get it.
Been taking it for about 6 month and the refill I got for this month has made me feel horrible, I have been light headed to the point of almost passing out, really short of breath and tired all day. I don&rsquo;t know if they changed something in them now or what but I am done taking this stuff, I feel like I am poisoning my body. I&rsquo;ll just eat better now and exercise more
I have been taking this medicine for seven days now for bronchitis and ear infection.. I felt better after two days then everything hit me again.. Now I have been having persistent diarrhea gargling stomach and itching..
Not worth adding the symptoms of severe headache, nausea, and vomiting to an already awful flu. The side effects from Tamiflu made my illness so much worse.
I had Implanon inserted in December 08. I have only great things to say about it! About a month after it was inserted I had slight break through bleeding for about seven days. Other than that I haven 't had any bleeding and have felt fine. No mood swings (that I am aware of). I feel great and it works GREAT!
We started my 5 yr old on this, the 1 worked for him for a few weeks, then we noted an increase in aggression and hyperactivity. They upped him to 2 mg and now he has not slept in days no more than 4 hours a night and then he wakes and starts kicking the door to his room and screams at the top of his lungs until we get him up, he has trashed his bedroom and said he noticed curtains moving when there are no movement. He is loud and violent and swearing, I called the DR right away after the first night of him saying his curtain rod was moving, so they said take it at night instead, but then waking up for a week at 3 am has been a nightmare. We are so stressed and over whelmed with this behavior he is out of control.
I 've taken these for nearly a year and a half, and have 2-3 periods per month, light but 2-3 days long each.  Horrible mood swings, and nausea.  
Tried this medicine for the first time about 4 days ago. After been on clonazepamMy doctor thought zoloft 100mg  would be good for me. And ooooo boy when i tell you it made me feel my anxiety to the 10th power. I was all emotional couldn 't sleep or eat then my chest felt like i had bricks seating there. All i can say is my experience with zoloft was not fun at all. Im still trying to recover from that one pill i took.
Didn 't work for me. Muscle aches, itch and most importantly it dropped my blood pressure too low along with the other medication I am taking..pressure was 87/54 ...normally I am 130/70. I was exhausted, tired, weak and constantly falling asleep. This medication was not for me. Called doctor he told me to stop taking it, and this was at 1/2 pill dosage.
It takes hours and hours to kick in. I even took 2 to speed up my relief and 3 hours later I 'm still suffering. Zyrtec works within 30 min and lasts 24 hours. I will never take claritin again when I need immediate relief.
I was given compazine through the IV for nausea and vomiting while admitted. It was an absolute nightmare that still makes me feel pure fear when I think about it. I thought I was going to die. At first, my legs just felt restless which I thought I was just having some anxiety, but then it really hit. I couldn 't get my body to cool down, I started vomiting, then lost control of my bowels in front of the nurses. This lasted over six hours until they finally gave me something that knocked me out until it was over. I thought I was going to die. It scared both my partner who was there and myself to the point that I am now scared to take anymore medications fearing a similar reaction. They should really warn people about this drug.
For fibromyalgia - This drug did absolutely nothing for me, like taking a placebo pill. No pain relief WHATSOEVER. I was tried on 200mg ER. I noticed that after about an hour and a half after taking a dose, I would pass out asleep for about an hour and then wake up not remembering that I even fell asleep. Very strange. I 'd wake up in full blown pain and I also had stomach cramps which made my pain levels and overall experience much worse. I was so hopeful for this drug because it 's said to treat diabetic neuropathy which I also have in addition to the fibromyalgia but it didn 't do anything at all to relieve my pain. You 'd be better off taking Tylenol instead of this, that 's how terrible it is.
I wanted to add to my review. Besides developing a very bad rash &amp; chest pains, sometimes Lamictal would give me heartburn &amp; indigestion too. It would last for hours &amp; I would be very nauseated. I never had heartburn or indigestion before, so I know it was the medicine that caused it. I 'm so glad I don 't take it anymore.
I have tried Effexor XR no good for me. I found it to be nothing but a sleeping pill.
I am ashamed to admit I have taken this drug for over a year because I have to be pretty stupid to allow a drug to take so much living away from me.  I used to ride my horse, do my own construction work, and just enjoy life!  Now, I know what depression is.  I struggle to sleep ten hours A WEEK!  I have very little functioning memory.  I am so angry.  If you happen to be at a doctor appointment when one of the drug reps is hauling in the free food and free drug samples,  you 'll wonder by her attire just what she is selling.  Yes, I told my doctor over and over about the problems and her answer is MORE DRUGS! Anti-depressant, sleeping pill, and the list goes on.  I tried to get myself off of it but can 't because of rebound.
I used Soolantra for 4 weeks.  My condition significantly worsened.
I have been very healthy my entire life thank God until last year that my blood pressure starting going up. Doctor prescribed Metoprolol and Lisinopril. Started coughing constantly that ended up at the ER thinking I had pneumonia. ER Dr switched Lisinopril for Losartan Potassium. Leg and back pain is unbearable to the point that I cannot almost stand and even walk. I am afraid of falling. Dizzy and tired. No need to have this quality of life. Dangerous side effects even worse than what I felt when BP started going up. It has to be something better than this.
Have been taking since yesterday for cough.  No help at all so far.  Will go back to my Ricola natural herb lozenges if this continues through today.
I was prescribe tobradex drops for chronic dry eye syndrome and conjunctivitis . I developed a severe allergic reaction. My eyelids and under eye got swollen , red, itchy and developed small bumps.I had raccoon eyes. I stop drops &amp; went my Dr. Was put on cortisone .
My pharmscist auto refilled to this generic version.  I was spotting in between periods and an emotional mess.  This is one of the worst bcp 's!
Inserted the one day treatment at 11:25AM by 12PM I was in Taco bells drive thru ordering cups of ice to place between my legs. Burning and itching was so intense I wanted to cry. I woke up today (day 2) and the itch is worse than before. I called my doctor and he said to go to the ER. I and currently waiting. Never recommending this product!!! EVER!!!
Doesn`t seem to be working for my back and leg pain (sciatica).
Terrible pill. It was recommended to me FOR my acne and made it worse. Also, be ready to cry ALL THE TIME for no reason at all.
After taking these two antibiotics I started having blurry vision, thirsty all the time and urinating 24/7 for 3 weeks. Called my doctor and after bunch of blood tests found out that my blood sugar is out of control and I get a rash on my hands and arms. Doctor says its normal. I never ever had any problems before.
I am currently taking ocella and ever since I 've been taking ocella my cramps have been worse and my mistral cycles are heavy and long
Uroxatral (alfuzosin): This drug gave me headaches and made me feel tired as though I had the flu. And after I stopped taking these pills, I still have extreme migraine headaches for over three weeks now. I am writing this message after midnight because my pain medication (ibuprofen 800 mg) doesn 't relieve these daily headaches. You 've been warned, do NOT take this drug or Flomax. 
First night I tried a half. Fell asleep but woke up and was wide awake through the rest of the night.  2 nd night took a full pill feel heart pounding numb fingers can 't fall asleep now wide awake. Worse then first night.
This medication , for me , did not work at all. I took I think it was 2 pills a day and it didn 't do anything at all except make me sick.
I 've been on this birth control for 3 months: I haven 't had a period, I 've gained 10 lbs, my face is broke out, my hair is falling out, I have no sex drive, more frequent moods of depression, this is the worst and I 'm getting off it ASAP
Awful, severe, intolerable constipation! Almost complete blockage on my same high fiber, vegetables, fruit, &amp; low fat protein diet.  Took for two weeks and it never got better. Going back to my Lexapro generic.
Asthma and COPD for 50 years. This product is unusable. I work outside ALL weather. To big for a pocket, AND DON 'T get wet. What good is a rescue inhaler if one can 't take it with them where it may be needed.Now taking a round of prednisone. First time since 2012.
For Bipolar . This medicine was Very Dangerous to me. Within the first 2 weeks of being on 30 mg twice a day, I had 2 Seizures. Never have had a seizure in my 45 years of living. Had very bad hallucinations Rapid eye movement during the day, and was worse after any caffeine or cigarette. Had an episode while driving and could not control my actions, went off the road, thru a ditch and into a tree. 2 Fractured Vertabrae, many bruises, concussion. Stopped taking this drug. Thankfully I didn 't kill anyone or myself. Finally 2 weeks after I stopped taking, I am finally getting a clear head. But still in Pain from the accident! Would NOT Recommend this Junk for anyone!!
Took the shot 6-2014 and was bleeding 2 weeks straight every other week. Then August 2014 i started bleeding again and i have yet to stop. It is now a year today when i first took my shot. I now have another dr and she says after i do a pelvic ultrasound and blood work, she will put me on the pill if everything looks normal. The pill will regulate my cycle after about a month taking it. I really hope it works.
This medicine is very effective at first glance but it is quite addictive. I suffer from asthma and always congested nose. Still my nose was never too congested to have to use these so I limited the use only when I had a cold. I had a lung infection about a year ago and had to take antibiotics and this for about 2 weeks. When I tried to quit it, my nose would get more congested then when I was sick. I thought this would go away within 1 or 2 days. Finally, I had to go back to using the spray again and I was hooked. I have been trying to minimize the use of it but every time I quit, it causes that horrible congestion without me having ANY cold or flu.
Do NOT use this product! I have given this to my children when they were younger but have never taken it myself. Had a cough, decided to try it. (Only had a yogurt early in the morning) took Delsym at noonish. Made a sandwich around 1:30 or so. Mid-sandwich.....I literally pooped my pants!!! I had to run to the bathroom where I suffered w raging diarrhea!! I hadn 't had a stomach ache or any symptoms prior. For the rest of the day I haven 't eaten or really drank. It 's now 6:10 and I 'm sipping on water and at times feel like I could vomit. Stomach still gurgling. Something made me look up if Delsym could cause this and I see so many other similar reviews. I will never take it again
This pill is terrible. I started taking it because the pharmacy ran out of my normal pill which was Microgestin (which I LOVED). I have never had a problem with acne and I woke up yesterday with 3 pimples on my chin and some on my back. I also have terrible back pain. So bad to where I can not stand or walk and it even hurts when I lay down or sit. Do not take this pill.
I had about 25 pounds to lose so my doctor prescribed Contrave. I was super excited to try it! I took it for two days and woke up the second day with the worst migraine of my life and vomiting.  I stopped taking it but felt ill (nauseous) for the rest of the week. That Saturday I got a fever. My Tuesday my fever had spiked to 103 and I was vomiting with a headache. I went to the ER and my liver enzymes had shot through the roof (almost 400). The doctors think I got Hepatitis from this medication.  I have been so sick, nauseous, fever, chills, body aches, fatigue, headaches.  I was a totally healthy (although a little overweight) 40 year old female who doesn 't drink or do any drugs who got seriously I 'll on this medication.
I switched over from Aviane because my doctor said they were &quot;exactly the same&quot; but no. I bled really badly and ended up in the hospital because I thought something was seriously wrong.
I will never take this again. Woke with such a dry mouth I could barely swallow, and a need to use my inhaler. This is NOT a usual thing for me. Reading today, I see that anyone with asthma etc should not use this. I would echo that. I did sleep but still feel unwell and glad I only took TWO.
Unfortunately, I have not had a good experience with Bentyl. I 've had severely blurred vision after just 3 days of taking 10mg 3 x 's per day along with extreme bloating. I have been extremely uncomfortable and stopped taking the medicine. Hopefully there is something else available to help my symptoms.
I took the Suprep as directed in two doses the evening before my Colonoscopy.Very nasty taste it took me close to an hour to finish, I felt like throwing up, but lucky for me I didn 't. Well I waited and waited to no avail. Had a massive headache, so bad! Bloating and the noises in my intestines were so bad even my dog got scared and started to bark. I still had not gone to bathroom yet and took the other half at 2:00am in the morning, by this time I was feeling so bad from lack of sleep and the headache I lay up in bed not meaning to fall a sleep and when I woke I was covered in the brown stuff, I was 8 hours in before this stuff worked. My Colonoscopy had to be cancelled due to not being clear in time. It just didn 't work for me.
I have been taking Tri-Sprintec for a month and about a week now, I have been having crazy mood swings that is causing me to not want to do anything, argue with my partner, then be fine 10 minutes later. Very irritable. I will get tired for doing nothing and just want to sleep, sort of like a depression but I refuse to say I am depressed, I am normally a very happy person look to the bright side of everything, Now I just want to cry and sleep. Then comes heart palpitations, headaches every day since I have been taking them, feel sick. 
All 3 of family members got the Flu real bad 3 days after the Flumist.
WORST DRUG EVER! Side effects  were body shocks, headaches, worse anxiety, etc. I only took it for three weeks and it caused me to feel numb mentally and emotionally. Drove me nuts! So I went off it and let me tell you... WORST withdrawals ever! Lethargy,  bad thoughts, apathy, brain zaps, mood swings, depression, etc. Before you take it, which I DON 'T recommend as there are other options, read stories about the withdrawals. Theres so many lawsuits against it. Oh and it induced a mania in me and now I 'm stuck on antipsychotics...
I had a bad reaction to this medicine. I only took it for 5 days (100 mg each night). The third day I started to have terrible headaches, fatigue, nausea, dizziness and pale skin. Now I have like a flu. I decided to stop it. I feel miserable. To many side effects.
side effects back pain, tiredness, bruiseing, hoursness &amp; bleeding.
Well, what can I say other than vomiting for 8 hours and pooping myself for a day after taking this pill. I need answers
Had unprotected sex with my boyfriend and to be on the safe side I took the pill right away. It said within 72 hours. Well long story short I ended up pregnant!
Started with feeling nauseated, followed by severe vomiting and diarrhea.
I took this nearly 22 hours ago and I am still feeling the effects - extremely drowsy.  Be sure not to take this before driving...
Omg I put the egg in at about 7am &amp; it about 9:24am and I am burning and irritated. I used the restroom and decide to put the cream on for the itching and that was the worst mistake of my life. The cream was burning my vagina. I am at work so i feel very unconformable. Its burning and itching at the same time. Do not use this product. Monistat 7 is the best one to used.
I never had much acne as a teenager, but now I have developed breakouts almost constantly at 21.  I have tried antibiotics and several prescribed ointments.  They work for a time and then quit.  I have used Aczone for 6 weeks and it seemed to help for the first 4 wks and now the past 2 I have probably the worst breakouts of my life.  I stopped using and just went back to Proactiv and prescribed Benzopack and have some improvement.  I was hoping Aczone would be the answer for me, but it isn 't.
I had protected sex with my boyfriend but the condom came off during sex, and we did not notice until it was over. The following day I took the Plan B pill. I am now pregnant!!! I followed all instructions and took the pill within the designated timeframe, but I 'm still pregnant. Now I 'm planning to have an abortion because this was not the time to have another child, and I refuse to have a child because birth control failed.
This is by far the worst birth control I 've ever been on! Within four months I found myself feeling irritable and crying constantly. I had heavy breakthrough bleeding and totally lost my appetite. Be wary of taking this medication, it 's really not worth all the side effects.
I have used it two separate times and both times I have ended up with a severe sore throat, and laryngitis.  Something I did not have before use. I blame it on the Ayr dripping down the back of my throat.  I followed directions exactly.
Went to see my neurologist for usual migraine check up, med refills, treatment. While there he suggested Botox (another story DO NOT DO IT, I am in horrible non stop pain) since I was in the middle of an episode I got a Toradol injection and this NEW Onzetra Nasal. Not a fan of anything going up my nose should have went with my gut instinct. You put one opening in a nostril the other in your mouth and blow. Like blowing up balloon, blowing powder through out your nose, soft palette and throat. It felt like sucking salt water up your nose, the pain was immediate, eye watering, dizzying, nose pinching, nauseous pain. I coughed, gagged, cried wanted to scream. 3 days later am worse than ever pain, shaking, incapacitated. Not worth it.
Didnt work, im pregnant! Buy the original Plan B. I took the pill on a 24 hour period.
I went to the er for stomach cramping and tenderness after a bought of stomach flu. For some reason they used this instead of Zofran or Phenergan first. I had horrible side effects. Every muscle in my body spasmed to the point of nearly dislocating my jaw. It took a full 36 hours to leave my system. Benadryl helped, but did not reverse the effects. I was disoriented and screaming in pain only a few seconds after receiving it. Use caution. The side effects were not worth it.
My doctor recommended this product for my acid reflux. I took 2 pills twice daily for about 6 days and was super disappointed in this product,  not only did this medicine not help at all I feel like it made it worst. I would. It recommend this product from my experience but I know everyone 's bodies are different so maybe it works for others.
Two Aleve a day helped my back pain, but over time it affected my stomach. My gastroenterologist knew immediately what my problem was and I 've stopped Aleve entirely. I had almost a year of constant nausea and pain until I quit taking Aleve.
I suffer from chronic migraines and every dr wants to give toradol shots to stop them.  Toradol is not FDA approved as a treatment for migraines.  It does not work.
Do not take this. I used it 4 days after an accident and this states it is effective 5 days after intercourse. The accident being the 19th of November and i took it the 22nd of November. I took test 1 day before period due and it was positive. In shock and devastated.
I have three primary headaches types and neuralgia due to lower back injury. Intractable Migraine, migraine, chronic cluster headache and sciatic neuralgia - 1st dose ramped my  'easy ' cluster headache to a 10 and my neuralgia on left side is killing me and I want to throw up. What a great freaking drug.
This product makes the cold sore worse. It made my one pimple sized cold sores itch and 2 more popped in the area. I have given it a chance in the past (3 more times) but now am convinced that it doesn 't work. ITS THE MOST ADVERTISED ON TV but its JUST A SCAM. Please save your money and try something like tree tea oil to make the blister small and dry.
I started this pill after my son was born he is two and a half. I had lost all my baby weight, and then gaind 20 pounds on this. Also I had some Depression start and I wasn 't sure if it was from my dad passing away. But then I got severe mood swings and emotional states, so bad it was giving me chest pains.So I stopped the pill and anything else vitamin wise I was taking for about 10 months. When I wanted to be back on birth control my new doctor put me on this again. Well I 'm 3 months in, the depression and severe mood swings are all back WORSE than before..so I 'm going with that it is the pill! to the point where my husband wants me to immediately stop taking it he believes it 's the pill as well, because it 's not like me to be like this.
I got pregnant after 6 months of using it. The IUD was removed and I had a miscarriage.
I started intuniv when I was 11 almost 12 and those first 6 months were hell, I would sleep from the time I got home from school so 3 p.m. until 6 a.m. the next morning and WAS STILL TIRED! I would fall asleep in class or on the bus it was miserable. We told the doctor and she said well just push through it and push through the tiredness, might I add if you were ever on this medicine it is not a tired you can just push through. But I tried to anyways for the next year or so and I would not sleep everyday as much but there were some days where I would sleep the entire days away! It did get better but I would still fall asleep in class and be exhausted constantly!! FINALLY when I was 15 the dr took me off of that and its been so wonderful!!!
I have Depression and Anxiety.  I started with 20mg-it increased  my anxiety;  I was unable to determine any effect on depression. In a month, the Dr increased my dosage to 40mg. It increased my anxiety; moreover it increased my blood pressure from 130/80 to 150/100! Long term effects of this medication are undetermined at this time. I want no part of this medication or the people that prescribed it. I&rsquo;m trying to wean off of it.It&rsquo;s a crying shame (no pun intended) that the medical community knows so little about this field-depression/anxiety-that affects so many millions of Americans! Get a grip doctors and Researchers...
I was very hopeful when starting Saphris, but it didn 't take long for my family and I to see this was NOT the medication for me. I asked doctors to take me of this but I kept on being told to give it more time. I would sleep over 12 hours a day and if I could SOMEHOW manage to stay up with the use of coffee and energy drinks, I was a shell. I would sit there confused, unable to really talk or take care of myself. I took it twice a day once in the morning and once before bed, and rather than give me my life it was robbing me of what little I had.It also didn 't help with my delusions or paranoid thinking. I even still saw shadows and things of that nature from time to time.
I got the nexplanon inserted in July 2014. Didnt get my period for a little over a month until August and I have YET to stop bleeding. Not kidding you, i have been constantly bleeding/on my period for 10 months and i want to rip out my ovaries. Dr just kept saying to stick it out but **** that. I have an appointment in a week to get it removed and have the Paragard IUD put in. I am not happy with this birth control. I have very few birth control options because i get bad aura migraines that are made worse by any BC that has progesterone. Lucky me. Nexplanon was my last resort before an IUD but now i have no other options seeing as how depo made me an overweight lunatic, the patch gave my blinding daily migraines.
I 've never left a review for anything before, but I relied so heavily on this site the last 13 weeks that I felt like I should share my experience. I 've never suffered from terrible acne, but now, in my mid-twenties I 've been getting more cysts then ever before. I went to the dermatologist where he put me on Epiduo. I really wanted it to work, but the number of cysts on my face only increased. As soon as one would go away two more would pop-up and for the last 9 weeks or so have had 4-6 at any given time. 13 weeks in I finally gave up and started using Differin, so we 'll see how that works.
So I had unprotected sex and then I realized he had didn 't pull out on time so an hour later we went to the pharmacy and I drank the pill because I was scared.  Two weeks passed and I woke up sick and dizzy but I didn 't think anything about that. It was about the week I had to get my period and I wasn 't coming I just had some cramping so a few days after I missed my period I did a home pregnancy test and it came out positive and I couldn 't belive it so I ended up taking 3 more and they all said I was pregnant a few days later. I went to see my Doctor and after a few tesst it was positive. Plan B didn 't work for me not even after drinking it just 1 hour after unprotected sex.
Lowered my cholesterol but after 6 weeks I had to discontinue due to hives.
So let me start by saying that I 'm writing this as someone who I wish I had before I got my skyla. I went to get it today. I have been through a considerable amount of pain in my life. I 've been kicked by horses. I 've drowned and was found and said  to be &quot;dead&quot; but was resuscitated. I 've gotten 5 concussions and dislocated my shoulder been bucked off horses. I 've felt pain. Just about nothing compared to the pain of having this stupid piece of plastic   put in my body. If u have friend u love or family wanting to get this IUD simply forbid them. I 'm not saying this to scare u. I 'm saying this because I want to help u. It 's such a joke that birth control is this painful. And that people don 't warn u as much as they should. I was screaming
I 'm pregnant and my dr recommended me to take unisom and b6 at night for my morning sickness and neasua. When I took it i easily fell asleep but I could not sleep throught the night I would wake up at least 3-4 times. I work up irritable (more Than normal for being pregnant) and it also triggered my migraines. Almost Everytime I took this I would get RLY bad headaches
This drug has destroyed my life! Taking it as prescribed for years has left me totally dependant and without hope. I 've tried to taper off unsuccessfully many times. When on it at full strength I am despondent. There are blanks in my mind during which time people I love the most say I have behaved in ways that were contrary to my nature and core values. It seems as though I have permanent brain damage. My doctor says the safest way to attempt the protracted withdrawal process can only be attempted in a qualified facility which my Medicare will not cover. This drug ruined my chance at ever having a normal life. I have no friends, my only child abandoned me. No spouse. I hope I will manage to get off it.
I discontinued use due to nervousness/anxiety that I felt was caused by the Niacin.
I 've taken a lot of different antidepressants so my old psychiatrist put me on this one because it was new. I wasn 't doing well, still felt very depressed so she increased my dose. That made my depression worse. I was visiting my family and I lashed out at them, had many episodes, and had to contact the suicide hotline 5 times. I lashed out on my friends as well while on viibryd. I couldn 't contact my psychiatrist at all so I stopped taking it on my own and I instantly started feeling better and noticed a difference.
I read the instructions carefully....very very carefully. I didn 't have any kind of dairy within an hour before taking the pills, I didn 't take any antacids before taking the pills and I took 3 because it said it was safe and it had been weeks since my last bm and I was really uncomfortable. If I could go back in time and not take them, I would. I 'm in terrible pain, gut wrenching, screaming in the bathroom, thinking I 'm going to pass out and thanking God that the babysitter is on her way to save the day. I will NEVER take these again! Ouch!!
Been taking for 3 days and haven 't slept more than an hour or 2 total, does not help with my cough at all, very ineffective
Like all meds, this does not work for everyone, and I 'm unlucky.I still get gout symptoms (inflamed big toe joint, pain) after using it.Almost a year on this med, and 5.7 uric acid level down from 5.8.
I was taking Seasonique and my doctor switched me over to LoSeasonique because I was still having periods that lasted 7-8 days. I have been on LoSeasonique for 7 weeks now and have been bleeding off and on since I started. My face has broken out on several occasions. This is really getting old and I am going to stop this birth control and switch back to just Seasonique.
THIS IS A SOLID NO. I have a way high pain tolerance, I could go into examples but just believe me when I say it is very high. I also never get medication side effects. THIS WAS HORRIFIC. The burning from this was unbelievable. I laid on my bed hissing it out and white knuckling it while googling it when I came across this forum, realized Monistat 7 is apparently the hellscape I thought, and promptly went to the shower to claw this stuff out. My head is spinning . Swerve.
I 'm having the worst gastrointestinal problems and I 'm only on day 3/7. I have extremely constipated, I have gas and bloating and I have nausea right after I take the pill.
Taking this medication and having leg cramps that became severe.  Did not know the source of the cramps at night.  Stopped for a month and leg cramps disappeared.  Started again and immediately had night leg cramps, severe enough to get me out of bed over and over again.
I was diagnosed 6 months ago with Colitis. I started taking Asacol 400mg 3x a day. I felt great immediately after the 3rd pill. No diarrhea for 2 whole days! Last night my stomach started that weird rumbling noise. About an hour later, I had a severe headache! One of the worst I have ever had! I was on my 10th pill. One of the side effects of this medication. Be careful, always call your Dr. if you have any side effects with this medication. I stopped taking this medicine, did not work for me.
My Daughter was put on BC to regulate heavy periods and was also switched by pharmacy to this medicine.  She has been having headaches, breast tenderness and breakthrough bleeding and sudden outbreaks of acne!  I decided to look up reviews and possible comparables and found this site.  Thank you all  for posting as I will be calling the DR. to switch!  Be sure to let pharmacist know when picking up meds, they shouldn 't just blindly switch prescriptions without PREVIOUSLY letting patients know beforehand so that we may make an informed decision on what medicines we take!
I 've been using Trinessa for almost a month now &amp; it was going good until about a few days ago. I woke up with an inflamed face. I 've had small bumps on my forehead that had been going away but now I have an even bigger problem. My face looks broken out all over. I 've read the reviews &amp; they say give it sometime to work &amp; adjust but I don 't know if my self-confidence can handle it but I 'll see what happens in the next few weeks with it. Wish me luck!
Constipation, indigestion and weakness were all prominent.
This has made my anxiety worse. I feel this terrible high. I don 't even feel like myself. My body is twitching and I been crying for 3 hours. It is really scaring me. I feel out of this world and not in a good way.
I wanted this medication to work so bad - I got all the side effects except no sleep :( . For me it started working after only 10 minutes of taking it, and yes it does give a metallic taste. The biggest thing, hang on for a crazy ride! It made me VERY relaxed and have mild hallucinations (the blinds on the window and my bedroom door would look like they were slightly moving open/close or back and forth). Im not sure how, but sleep never came! How I could be in that state and not sleep is beyond me.
I have pretty severe narcolepsy and cataplexy this didn 't do much of anything for me
My gyno prescribed this birth control to help me manage extreme PMS symptoms. I experienced cramps from the medication and I think it made my PMS worst. I stopped taking it.
Initially prescribed 15mg after 2 weeks and no improvement dosage upped to 30mg per day with the option to take an additional 15mg for anxiety. Week 1 well to be fair i really didn 't know if I was awake or asleep -  it was like an out of body experience. I was unable to function whatsoever. Week 2 dropped myself to 2 tablets to try and regain some function and normality this helped for around 1 week. That was when everything then started moodiness anxiety lThese pills have turned my world upside down and now I am an irrational nasty fearfull and genrally unwell person. I 'm going to the gp tomorrow to stop these as they are terrible for me.
This was not right for me. I had a severe reaction while taking this and had to go to the emergency room. Racing/irregular heartbeat, nausea, shaky, legs felt weird, red blotches, slurring speech, red eyes, feverish and generally felt very unwell. 
I 've taken this as prescribed for two days now no results.
I have been on Belviq for 60 days now and haven 't had any success.I didn 't need a weight loss pill until my doc prescribed me Zoloft and I gained 15 lbs in two months. I looked and felt extremely bloated after being on zoloft, so my doc prescribed Belviq.The first week I had horrible headaches but the cravings were still there.After the first 30 days,I called my doc about feeling bloated.She prescribed me a water pill.Meanwhile, I had NO weight loss on Belviq after the 30 days.After taking the water pill I lost 7 lbs of water weight.I went back to the doc,  and she said that I had lost 3lbs on Belviq and I needed to continue taking it.It 's my 60th day on Belviq,I 've gained weight and still have cravings.Glad it worked for some people!
This medicine was very strange. I started taking 15mg a day I had no side effects save for a bit of dizziness that goes away after 20 minutes. I reacted so well to it I thought I could ask the doctor to increase the dose since I still felt anxious well after increasing to 30mg. I totally felt like not myself. Felt like a zombie, brain fog, spaced out, memory issues, very sluggish, violent and intrusive thoughts, and suicidal ideation. 
Never, ever take this drug or those part of the Flouroquinolone family (Cipro, etc.). I didn 't realize that this was a blacklisted drug; it should be illegal to prescribe such a thing and the doctor who prescribed this to me failed to tell me about the side effects. When I asked her what the side effects were, she said &quot;lightheadedness&quot;. Thankfully I only took about 750 mg in total and am going to do whatever I can to expel this poison from my body. Warn everyone you know to NEVER take this drug.
Sure this med can keep depression at bay but it can also cause some really horrible side effects. After being on this med for 1 yr I went from being a healthy 170 lbs (women 's size 12) to 250 lbs (size 20). It made me so lethargic and tired. I would sleep for 14 hours a day and still be dragging out of bed. About 2 months ago was the final straw. I got blood work done by my GP and my triglycerides were through the roof as well as elevated blood sugar. The doc was ready to put me on meds for diabetes! I 'm only 25 and I just wanted my health back so last week I went to a new doc who got me off this horrible stuff. I feel like a new person without this toxic med in my body. Now on Viibryd.
I cant even express the hate I have for this BC. Of course, I know everyone will not have the same experience. I decided to go with Paragard after my second child because  I wanted to try something non-hormonal. I have had it for almost a year now.I bleed, and bleed, and bleed some more. HEAVY  bleeding. This maybe TMI, but I filll up an Ultra sized tampon in less than an hour. I wake up some mornings with blood stained panties and sheets. And this doesn 't just go on for a few days. When I do have my periods, they last for about two weeks. And many times, I have spotting in between. I NEVER know when to expect my period, its all over the place. Plus, my husband can feel it , it pokes him during sex. NOT FUN!- and yes it is inserted correct
Bad: I took it for about a year, then it gave me bad acne that automatically cleared away when I took a 2 week break from it, and automatically came back when I got back on it. It has also make my hair so dry, frail and frizzy regardless of how good I take care of it. My blood pressure, anxiety and mood swings also fluctuated when I was on and off this pill. Good: makes my periods ultra light, almost never cramp. Haven 't gotten pregnant.Overall I would not recommend it if you can be on something else.
I was given this medication at the gastroenterologist office and it has not worked after 2 days of taking it. I went to the doctor because I have been so bloated. Amitiza has worsened the bloating!!!
I was on 300mg. Of Effexor XR for 3 years and did not realise what it was doing to me until I weaned myself off it.  I had constant suicidal thoughts and attempted suicide several times.  I had severe alcohol craving and was labelled an alcoholic and had several very expensive stays in re-hab.  I suffered horrific nightmares, paranoia and at times had difficulty rationalising what was reality.  I lost all ability to handle my finances.  My relationships were severely damaged because of this and I almost died 4 times.  I have now been off it for 4 months and I am a different person.  I no longer have nightmares, suicidal thoughts or crave or drink alcohol. This is an extremely dangerous drug!  Avoid it completely!  My story is not unique.
Advair helped me breathe better for the first 2-3 days. Then my chest would start tightening within an hour of when I was to take it. It seemed that my dependence was growing. Between that and the panic attacks, I 've discontinued Advair and gone back to Ventolin HFA.
I was recently put on this medicine because of BV. I am 8 weeks pregnant. Orally, I became super sick and got switched to the vaginal use. STILL got really sick. No, I didn 't take it on an empty stomach. I couldn 't keep anything down, everytime I stood up I had a feeling I was going to faint, and made me bleed thinking I miscarried. I am in high school still and the school threatened my graduation because of the amount of days I missed due to being sick on Flagyl. Does anyone know if this has happened to them or know of any substitutions?
My mother had ovarian cancer then non small lung cancer. This drug in our family opinion was terrible. We feel it hastened her death and she would have been better off with out it. Terrible side effect - she was covered with some type of horrible rash after the second round. And in hospital . Every time she took it - she would get worse. She got to where she couldn 't walk . I think she would have had a better end of life without this. It felt like they were using her for money. : (
Rexulti is a terrible medication. Didn 't seem to work at all and made me gain about 25 lbs. At 32 my metabolism isn 't quite as quick as it once was so I 'm having trouble getting the weight off. Only been off the medication for a couple weeks. My doctor changed me over to Seroquel per my request.As long as I am not overly sedated or have weight issues Seroquel is fine with me. I know many do not like it for the side effects and overall sedation. I feel like Rexulti slowed down my metabolism because I cannot explain the excessive weight gain over such a short period. It 's a newer drug so we do not know much about it. Whatever the case, don 't take the stuff. It doesn 't work anyways.
The absolute WORST! You would be better off just going to the doctor. I had very mild itching burning and swelling due to a yeast infection so I tried the 1 day treatment and it was awful. The itching stopped but as time went by my vagina was basically swollen shut and it burned really bad. I tried soaking in water, that didn 't help so I just ended up going to the ER and getting treated. This was my very first yeast infection &amp; I do not recommend this product AT ALL!
I cannot believe the pain I am going through immediately after using Monistat 7- my vagina is beet red (that can 't be normal) and the burning and itching is worse than what could ever have been. How long does this last?! 
I started taking Maxalt after horrible experiences with Imitrex.  I had almost all the same side effects: extreme nausea, dizziness, falling asleep, and a general out of it feeling the rest of the day.  But the worst part is that it did absolutely nothing for my migraine.  I am just glad that I had samples so I didn 't get stuck paying for a prescription I would not use. 
VESIcare did nothing for me.
Beyaz didn 't work for me. My GYN put my on this pill because I wasn 't ovulating. This pill turned out to be my worst nightmare. The first week, I became very emotional and light menstrual bleeding and cramps. The second week my bleeding became heavier and cramps turned into preassure in my lower abdominal area. The pressure made me so uncomfortable. No medicine helped. Called my GYN office and spoke with her nurse. She suggested doubling up on the meds I was currently taking. That helped some but not much. The third week the bleeding became extreme with large blood clots. Having to wear 2 huge pads at a time was awful. And the pressure turned back into pain. I called my GYN back they advised me to stop the pill immediately.
This has been a horrible experience.  I have gained too much weight I am more depressed then ever.  This medicine says it is prescribed for me for sleep.  First few nights absolutely true.  Now all I get is restless legs, intense food cravings and it is physically hard to get up.  Terrible constipation. Which leads to feeling extremely bloated.  No drive or motivation whatsoever.  My doctor thinks I should stay on this poison.  I am going on a vacation in a couple months, this 40lb weight gain is really stressing me out.  I will see if she will prescribe Adderall which I used before quit cold turkey and felt no withdrawals. The only reason I give it a 2 is that it has helped insomnia
I started taking Microgestin FE 1/20 because my doctor was no longer prescribing Yaz. I gained 15 lbs, started breaking out with acne like crazy, was weepy about nothing at all or very angry, did not have a period for 6 months and then became pregnant. I was taking the pill EXACTLY as prescribed. I even set and alarm on my phone to take it at the same exact time every day.  
Today was first day of use (15.7 mg), after switching from Adderal 30 mg daily. Could not tell I had taken anything at all. My thinking is no more clear. I have zero energy. Vyvance caused a tazer-like spasm down my spine, when I tried it a few years ago. Adderal has become less effective, but does still help me to focus.
I got my Implanon inserted in August 2010. I thought it would be a great choice for me because I have problems remembering to take a pill everyday. But ever since I have been on it I have had constant bleeding. Biggest problem is that I have gained nearly 30 pounds since I have been on it. I will be getting it taken out next week.
Venlafaxine made me, dizzy, gave me nausea and diarrhea. My anxiety increased because of the severe stomach distress this medication caused me.I felt all around lousy. Took medication for 2 months hoping the symptoms would subside. The problems just got worse.
I am 18 and this is the first birth control I have ever been on. I have really heavy and painful periods so I decided to give it a try. it has been almost 3 weeks since I 've taken it and I 've had an awful experience. A lot of nausea, headaches, really painful cramps last 30 seconds or so, but the worst has been my mental state. I wake up sometimes and feel almost numb, no energy and sometimes I sit there with blank thoughts but other times I just cry. I actually cry a lot, everything upsets me. My appetite has gone down and I 'm feeling like this just isn 't worth it anymore.
I was given Remicade while in the hospital. They premedicated me with Tylenol and Benadryl. After the Benadryl wore off, I broke out with severe hives from head to toe. I took Benadryl and then Zyrtec for ten days and neither helped the hives much. Thankfully, they finally went away. Horrible experience. I looked like I had a plague.
My wife began the 4 stage process a couple of months ago, and I stopped ithalfway through week 2 because she seemed to be getting more confused.We started again a month ago and are into the 2nd full dose, and I am very concerned that her condition is worse instead of better.
I honestly don 't know how many stars to give this medication as much as I 've never had such an experience. I was in a coma light sleep when my therapist came, I heard myself say &quot;we need to go to the airport&quot; when actually I never said anything at all. I felt drunk waking up, started losing my hearing, it got cloudy. I only took it a month but being in that state of mind frightened me.I gave it up and my hearing is mostly back about 98 percent but my balance and coordination still suffers from the medication but has improved since I stopped it. I was so upset that I called the FDA and reported my experience, I would hate for anyone to go through that.On the plus side? When I was awake and aware and not &quot;drunk&quot; it did help my manic episodes.
I have terrible anxiety, and my doctor prescribed this with Lamictal. I took it once to help bring me down from a massive anxiety attack and it knocked me down, but my anxiety elevated because my body was so weighed down but my mind was still panicking. I hated it, made everything worse, I could barely even speak in the 25mg dose.
This birth control made me have my period every other week, and when I wasn 't on it there was still spotting, which made me crazy emotional.
I think it should be considered medical malpractice for a physician to prescribe this drug to an elderly man with heart problems, especially known congestive heart failure.  My father didn 't know he should report muscle weakness he experienced while taking this drug, and there was no followup by the physician.  Since the heart is a muscle, I think this drug propelled my father into endstage heart failure, which he now has.
I was given STADOL because I was at 3 cm for so long, yet my contractions were getting unbearable (can 't get the epidural until 4 cm).  The nurse told me, it works for some people and not for others. I am assuming it either takes the pain away or it doesn 't. Well, it literally made me INSTANTLY start sweating, and my eyes were rolling in the back of my head.  However, no pain relief.  I got extremely restless and an intense feeling of confusion and dysphoria.  I was so unprepared for that feeling, it 's horrible.  Being in a hospital, in labor, confused, restless, still feeling everything.  I researched it when I got home and apparently, only somewhere around 1% experience this.  Just pray you 're the lucky 99%.
This is my first experience with any form of birth control and it 's been HORRIBLE.  Today is day 12 of my pack and I am quitting.  All Taytulla has done is given me a 12 day long period and broken me out TERRIBLY.  I am not waiting a month, let alone 3 months, to see how my body adjusts to the hormones.  My skin went nuts within the first week so I know for a fact that it is birth control that caused it.  So, so bad.
My experience so far has been right on par with the others. 15 minutes after inserting the ovule and applying the itch cream I was in major discomfort! EXTREME ITCHING AND BURNING. Currently sitting with a cooling pack. I 'm curious to see if it 's at least affective. But so far definitely not worth it.
2 yrs on generic suboxone tablets (Roxanne Labs or Amneal brands only decent generics). I 've tried to tapper with my Doc once but mentally wasn 't ready. Dosage was 16mg/day or 2x8mg/day. Found out My insurance copay  is the same on Zubsolv (name brand) as Generic Suboxone. Strange I thought since Name brand Suboxone Films AND Bunavail are still PRE-AUTH ONLY. Now, bare with me. Films have been on market for years but Zubsolv is $10 overnight? Ok. It 's been about 10 days since starting Zubsolv. 5.7mgX2/day. No way this is a competitor to Suboxone. I love the under 10min dissolving time AND toothpaste flavor. Wife asked if Ive been taking my medicine. Yep. Im irritable, short tempered, VERY Lerhargic ZUBSOLV ACTS AS A REALLY IS A DIFFERENT DRUG FOR ME
The first dose made me extremely dizzy. The second dose had me very dizzy, passing out, and not being able to breathe. After a trip to the emergency room, I 've decided I 'm not taking this ever again
I have been on the shot for almost two months and I absolutely hate it. When I got the shot I was actually due for my period and never got it. I ended up getting my period about 2 weeks ago and have not stopped bleeding. I can not have sex, I can 't wear white pants because it 's so heavy, I can 't go to the bathroom ( number 1 or number 2) because it hurts so bad, I have had horrible cramps, I don 't sleep, I 'm exhausted all the time, and I am constantly feeling grumpy. At this point I almost feel like nothing is going to help my endometeriosis, I 'm 22 years old and due to be married in a month and I can 't even have sex because it hurts so bad.... I would not recamend this shot, it 's a waste of time and causes false hope.
I have been on 150XL  and feel horrible. Its almost like I 'm tripping on LSD. Foggy head, angry, cranky and very irritable. Heart palpitations and it makes me very lethargic. Dr recommended taking it at night and its a tiny bit better. I want to stick with it to see if it gets me to a better emotional state but don 't know if I can last. How long before I start feeling better?
Started taking this a month ago, pressure has gone down but feel major anxiety, depression and a feeling of overall doom plus very irritable.
Okay so Nexplanon is useful in the sense that you 're safe from pregnancy etc. But what it 's done to me mentally is not pleasant in the slightest. I go through 2 week periods of feeling completely myself and then suddenly drop into these phases of chronic anxiety and exhaustion. I  have intrusive thoughts that do not help my anxiety in the slightest and I just feel so isolated from everyone. My mum had told me that I 'm not myself anymore and that 's just the hardest thing to hear because I 've noticed it too. I 'm usually energetic, enthusiastic and bubbly but during these periods I have no motivation. I 'm getting it out in a few days, I just need to be myself again, I hate feeling like this and cannot cope any longer.
My girlfriend went insane on this pill. Crying all day, everyday and just constant fighting. We got to the point where we couldn 't take it anymore and we are at a breaking point. She 's gained alot of weight, she got whiney, and doesn 't know how to control her anger. I 'm making her get off this.
This was the first birth control pill I tried. I went to my OBGYN with concerns about serious period irregularity. They just threw the pill at me. Within the first month I gained almost 10 pounds. I did have a slight appetite increase but I know most of it was because of this pill. At the time I didn 't realize it but once I stopped I realized that I had been acting different on it. And I was also depressed a lot which isn 't normal for me. I stayed on this brand for a few months then ultimately switched. As soon as I switched to a different forumla I lost the 10 pounds I gained in just 2 weeks, and I wasn 't eating any different. It was crazy. overall, did its job. It regulated my periods and I never got pregnant. But side effects sucked.
Doctor started Neupro patch samples for my dad starting at 2 mg for a week then 4 for another and 6mg for the third week. After three days into the 6 mg dosa, my father started sleeping non stop .. slept for 2+ days..lost all his strength, balance, control and became a totally different person. Patch was stopped and he never returned to pre-patch condition. Had severe memory loss and now he is 100% dependent upon us for all activities from getting out of the bed to going to toilet or eating. He always wants to sleep. He showed symptoms of improvement for a couple of days where he could barely walk on his own but that did not last long. Neupro is a DANEGROUS medicine! be extremely careful!! DO NOT increase the dosage on old people. Samples.
You guys this was rough for me! First time having a yeast infection and  first time trying this product.  I was in agony! After the first 5 to 10 minutes of application I burned and itched soooo bad!! It took me about an hour behind flushing my girl  with water, washing with a mild glycerin bar soap and finally packing with ice and a washcloth before I experienced relief.   I would not recommend this product. The cream that you apply on the outside of the vagina seems to provide a measure of comfort for itching but the application insert definitely burns!  I can 't do the full seven days. 2:25am 8/24/16
I went on Edarbi 40mg for 2 weeks with had up and down spikes,muscle pain in back,neck and joints.DR increased it to 80mg,developed chest pains with the other pains.Ended up in ER,kept over night and given stress test. After stress test ,I developed severe chest pain and EKG showed a problem. Now waiting for angiogram and taken off edarbi,&amp; PUT ON RAMIPRIL 5mg X 2 a day.The angiogram is a 3 to 6week wait!
I started taking a very low dose back in the summer of 2014I was walking 3 miles a day. After about 3 weeks I could no longer walk like I use to due to the pain in my neck! I went for test, Heart, blood work they found nothingI took myself off Armor in Jan 2015 I started feeling betterI would never take this drug again.
I had been on lo loestrin fe for about 2 years. During the early first year I didn 't have many problems, occasional break outs. I had very light periods. By the last year I was never having my period at all, my gyno said it was normal and that 's why people like this pill. I didn 't mind it, but it scared me that I go nothing no drop of anything AT ALL for about 10 months in a row. I though that cannot be good for my body. Along with that, my acne got the worst it has ever been. My right side of my face broke out in huge pimples side by side. I have never had acne like this. I stopped taking it about 2 weeks ago, considering I was pretty much sure it was due to this birth control. Now I 'm struggling to clear my face. Do not take this pill.
So far I hate it...birth control yea because I 've been having my period for 3 months. How can I tell if it works if I can 't even have sex. 1 min I 'm bleeding the next I 'm not and when I think I 'm in the clear I 'm bleeding again. Im extra moody and I 'm usually a nice person. I 'll give it 1 more month. But this totally not what I signed up for
Good for my mood swings. Evens me out mentally. Anxiety decrease. Decrease of libido 90%
I took Requip in 2006 and it worked great. But now in 2013 I needed it again, except this time it made everything worse. 
I got my implanon in December of last year, and I had no problems with getting it put in. It was painless and I thought that this one was going to work. I had no problems with it until late February, 2 months latter. When period started later and continued until 2 weeks ago, I had been on a constant period months straight. It was horribly painful and I cannot wait till I get it out in a year and a half.
This has been one of the worst medications for allergies that I have ever taken. I took it around 5am in the morning and right now It 's 6:45 pm.  My nose has been draining since I took this medication and I 'm more stuffed now than I 've ever been.  My eyes are watery and I 'm sneezing something terrible. I do not recommend this medication. Save your money and try something else.  By the way this was my 2nd time trying it just to see if I would have the same symptoms and I did.
My wife tried to find out from Lourdes Hospital &quot;How much are these injections? &quot; Insurance billing claimed &quot;Oh your Blue Cross covers it!&quot; Had to get 3 injections, once a week for 3 weeks. Injections weren 't painful or helpful. Have patiently waited, for Dr said sometimes it takes awhile. No IMPROVEMENT,  In fact knee is WORSE. But worst pain was the C O S T!!! Could have gotten 1 SYMVASTIN injection, that cost my wife $1,200 instead of 3 injections of the miracle drug SUPRATZ for ,get this .....$6,600 !!! That 's right people $2,200 an injection &amp; my knee is so very very MESSED UP!
I switched from Lo loestrin fe to microgestin fe 1/20 since my new insurance did not cover Lo loestrin. After being on the med for only 2 months, I began to get unusual headaches,  unusual cramping, and constant spotting. One day, I had blurry vision and my mom suggested I check my blood pressure with her &quot;at home blood pressure kit.&quot; My blood pressure was 140/89 !! I dont have a history of high blood pressure and it does not run in my family. I eat fairly healthy and I am 28 yrs old , 125 pounds, 5 '2.I read my microgestrin packet which said that it may raise your blood pressure. I immediately stopped the medication. After about 4 weeks, my blood pressure was back to normal.Keep an eye on your blood pressure when using this medication
I took Apri for 2 years. I have experienced extreme bloating (went for 112lbs to 118 lbs just of retained water). Blurry vision in my left eye, tiredness, chest pain sometimes, could not drink any alcohol it would make my bloating worse. I changed to Yaz 2 weeks ago and I feel like a brand new person. No more bloating, I feel great!
It didn 't work it gave me a cold and headaches and severe cough and a yeast infection, it 's day 7 of 10 and I have NO RELEIF. I do not recommend this. Maybe it just doesn 't work for me I don 't know. I don 't think I 'd ever use it again.
Worst drug to alter your mind and make you crazy. Severely depressed and suicidal
I began this birth control in January of 2015 (after about 10 months of being off BC). I moved so I got a new doctor who prescribed Junel Fe 1/20. I had never had an issue with BC before so I never thought this pill would put me on the downward spiral that it did. Let me state that it took me 10 months to realize this pill was to blame because I lived with my in laws while purchasing a home and planning a wedding...stress was becoming a close relative. But this pill gave me back acne, weight gain, CHIN HAIR, migraines, cyst on my breast, no sex drive at all, and mood swings so bad that suicide or divorce would cross my mind. Worst pill ever. Strongly advise against
As a UC sufferer Azathioprine caused Pancreatitis after three months - I had to stop using it immediately.
Found myself getting up 4-8 times a day and needing the toilet alot during the day. First prescribed 5mg and it done absolutely nothing so the doctor uped them to 10mg and still nothing except constipation. So ive stopped them and will just have to deal with it.
I took birth control religiously from age 14-24. got pregnant at 24. ( wasn 't taking my pills like I should) now my son is 2 and I recently got back on birth control. opted for the ortho tri cyclin bc that 's what I had always used for years. it 's day six and I am so sick I 'm not taking another one. tried it at morning first (even with eating) sick as a dog. tried it before bed, woke up sick. not sure if it is too much for me, or where I haven 't been on it in so long, or where it 's not fully in my system. but I have made up my Mind I would rather bleed like a stuffed pig than to feel sick like this. horrible for me.
Awful pill.  I threw away this month 's pack and I am only on week 2. My face broke out like CRAZY and I became so irritable I wanted to put my fist through the wall constantly.  I started having really bad depressive thoughts and I gained weight as well.  Oh yeah, and I have no sex drive at all.  Don 't take this pill.  I 'm getting an IUD.
HORRIBLE! It caused severe angioedema, very heavy uncomfortable periods and when they pulled it out it was corroded. DO NOT EVER GET ONE! Read the package inserts!!! If I could rate less than 1, I would.
I have been on the shot since December 4th 2014, have had a period from January 9th 2015 to the present.
I did not like this. I was given this for anxiety and it didnt help at all. I tried it for a month and felt no difference.
I 've been on Hysingla for two months now 20g then 30mg and I 'm starting 40mg tomorrow so far nothing is happening it isn 't working at all I 'll update in two weeks on how the 40s work I am extremely intolerant to opioids Percocet, Vicodin, oxycodone, oxycontin etc etc after 4 to 5 days I begin throwing up violently but I haven 't had issues with this med so far.
I was misdiagnosed, and wrongly put on this medicine.  It causes psychosis in individuals inappropriately put on it.  It took me ten years to find doctors who could say this was a possibility.
Took away my ear infection but gave me. Nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, heart palpitations, anxiety, shortness of breath, diarrhea, dizziness, etc... So not worth it. I was less sick before starting this medicine.
Hands and feet swelled.  Feet swelled from wearing a size 7 shoe, needed to wear a size 8.5 until the swelling dissipated. I only had one session of Taxotere before my oncologist stopped this treatment. I believe that there were about 5 sessions scheduled before I experienced these side effects. I received it in Spring of 2005!
What a waste of time and money!  Are the contributors on this site really patients and not Genentech plants?  No help with asthma, phlegm after 5 shots at $3000 each, big pharma just printing money with these drugs.
Within 24 hours of taking this pill, I became sick and lost the ability to get an erection.  So yeah thats fun.  I have taken several antidepressants through the years and I have never experienced side effects this bad.
I had a terrible experience with this pill. I started to break out, a ton of headaches, mood swings, and weight loss.
Seasonique is the absolute worst birth control ever. I have been spotting for two weeks. I chose this birth control to control the heaviness of my periods, however, I cannot say that it has made my periods any better. I rather just have my period for 5-6 days and have cramping rather than go through with spotting for two weeks with cramps. I 'm definitely going to my doctor to change my birth control.
I took this bc because I had constant bleeding for over a month. It stopped my period for about two weeks, however I started bleeding heavier than before and had cramps so severe it felt like I was having labor pains every minute for a couple of hours. I had to go to emergency room and while there I had a clot the size of golf ball. The doctor said it was the birth control and to see obgyn and get on another form of bc. I will not be taking this anymore and would not recommend!
This was the worst thing I 've ever experienced. I would never in a million years suggest this to someone. I started this Feb 2015 a few months in I started bleeding and discharging non stop, till this day July 2017. The amount of money that goes into tampons, new underwear is just miserable. I have changed as a person I am no longer positive, nothing has been exciting, sex felt like a chore, I went from 130 to 180, and my anxiety/depression has been at an all time low (some nights I can 't even sleep.) I experience horrific pains in my stomach and breast randomly. Weight loss is almost impossible, I worked out for over 3 months straight, drank water, jogged a mile,&amp; counted my calories lost nothing. I wish I could take all this time back!
Started The Depo Last Year In September First Shot Never Had Any Bleeding Second Shot Just A Little Spotting The Last Shot Is Horrible!! I Been Bleeding For 3Months Straight Went Back To The Doctor Told Them About The Situation &amp; All They Did Was Give Me The Birth Control Pills &amp; Said That It Will Stop &amp; Take It For A Week ... So Weeks Past .. Still Bleeding The Bleeding Stopped For Like 5 Days My Stomach Started Hurting Went Too The Bathroom Blood &amp; Clots All Over !! Now I 'm Bleeding Every Two Weeks Out Of A Month Sometimes Longer I Do Not Recommend Takeing This Shot!
USELESS did not seem to help. Muscle cramps in my ribs are still painful.
I started the dosage as recommended by my doctor at 10 mg for one week, then 20 mg for the next few weeks.  I was coming off Paxil slowly and going on Viibryd.  I had very vivid nightmares with Viibryd.  That 's when I could sleep.  I spent many hours awake with Viibryd, say around six hours per night.  I 'm already taking Ambien for sleep, and this medication made my insomnia much, much worse.  Even the Ambien wouldn 't work.  What was even worse is that I felt like I was going crazy every morning after waking up from a very short sleep.  I feel bad enough as it is, and don 't need to feel even worse.  I do NOT recommend giving this medication a try.  I was desperate for relief, but felt worse so I 'm back to Paxil until I see my doctor again.
I was on estarylla for 1 day and it gave me chest heaviness to the point where I felt I couldn 't breathe for several days. I was sent to the ER and they said I was completely healthy. It made me very depressed but the worst part was feeling like I was literally suffocating but doctors telling me I was fine. Anxiety was through the roof and every moment was just torment and crying. I do not suggest taking estarylla!!!
Terrible pill. I went on it to clear my acne and help with my extreme period sickness and it made both worse. On top of that, I became extremely lethargic and depressed at times with no reason. I am energetic and a happy person, so this was not a normal tendency for me. My sickness became so severe at times I couldn 't even move or sleep. Being in college this is not something I needed to be dealing with. I would become so ill I would consider flushing every single pill down the toilet but continued to give my body a chance to get used to it. I also suffer from cystic acne and this made it even worse even though it 's essentially a pill to clear acne.  I stayed on for 3 months hoping for a change and never got it.
my first time using this medicine, I took it on the first of my spotting, however, my period didn 't even after 10 day, I had even heavier bleeding than before, and my emotion was terrible and I felt depressed during that week of taking this medicine. Eventually, I had to talk to my doctor and switch to another medicine
This has by far been the worst birth control I have ever had. I have a constant headache almost daily ever since I started taking it. My breasts reduced in size, I have gained massive amounts of weight. And it makes you angrier than ever.
This stuff is awful I can 't believe it 's allowed to be sold! It started burning as soon as I inserted it. I 've used yeast medicine like this at least 20 times before and never experienced anything but relief. This is way worse than the problem I was trying to treat. I just went and dug out all that I could and it 's a little better... going to take an Advil PM now to try and sleep despite the horrible itching and burning.
I have taken this drug for over 20 years. Five years before starting it I had successfully reduced my symptoms using my knowledge of behavioural therapy by about 70% (I have a degree in Psychology). Before I took this drug my condition was well under control, I was happy, highly functioning and professionally succesfull. I took it to &quot;prove&quot; my OCD was a &quot;real&quot; illness. It gave me no benefit but I kept taking it. In the 15th year I became obsessively suicidal. Worse followed. I have been trying to get off the drug 5 years. I have become a dysfunctional, barely human wreck. Hallucinating, delusional, depressive, continually suicidal. My deficits are innumerable and far worse than ever before I took it. It has literally destroyed my life.
My neurologist recommended this for my peripheral neuropathy.  I took it (60 mg) only once because it made me nauseated, dizzy, shaky, and sleepy.  I could not keep my eyes open.  I realize that this might get better if I keep taking it, but I have to work and there is no way I can do that with these side effects.  It did work, however.  Just this one dose made the pain much more bearable for two days.
I am 18 years old having constipation from last 5 days. Took 2 tablets at around 10.30pm. I woke up at around 5.30am having pain and went to bathroom, had little hard stools then around 6.30am same little stools. Then at 7am there was sharp pain, when I was moving to bathroom I was going to faint, blackness was there in front of me. I couldn 't stand on my feet. I poop my pants and my head struck the wall of my bathroom. Hearing this noise my mother came and made me sat on the floor and threw some water on my face then my senses came. I think no more trouble should come from this medicine now. I will never take this medicine in my life. This was the worst experience in my life. I advise you not to take this medicine.
Effective but it destroy 7 shirts in the arm pit because its too strong so think twice befor you use that stuff
I was given a sample of Mirvaso by my dermatologist.  I applied it in the morning, as directed, and my face instantly became extremely red where it had been applied. This redness continued the entire day.  The following morning the redness had subsided a bit but my face was still redder than normal.  
Have been using the 6MG patch for 4 weeks now with absolutely no results. No side effects. No skin irritation. Nothing. Doctor says I should be patient and wait till the 6 week point where it might finally kick in. If it doesn 't we will go to the higher dosage. Probably just double it to the 12MG patch. Not looking forward to the dietary restrictions but it 's a trade off I 'm willing to take for relief from 30+ years of despair.
Delayed reaction 3-4 daysboth arms muscle and joint pain and weakness (4 months and counting)swelling in both arms (left twice the swelling)drowsy and sleeping excessivelyvomiting
Got this for a UTi. Literally took 2 pills so far and I 'm already planning to stop taking it. It 's 2:30am and I cannot fall asleep but I am so tired, I am shaking uncontrollably and am having extreme anxiety along with nausea. Helped with the symptoms of my UTI so far but not worth the side effects.
I can 't take any form of Mucinex, or it 's generics, without becoming totally lethargic.  I turn into a complete zombie.  I 'm happy for those of you who find relief with it, but for me, it 's a total fail.
I was put on it the last time I was inpatient and they upped it too much too fast.  I wound up being high off of it.  When I got out of the hospital, my insurance wouldn 't cover it, so I stopped cold turkey.  I felt so much better once I got off of it.
Positively would never use this again. The first night on it the metal/acid taste appeared and stayed all night into the morning. Really disgusting. The second night I was up with severe nausea in addition to the taste. Stopped after two days as it was making me feel sicker than the reason I was prescribe the drug (strep). Also throat did not improve much. Got an alternative antibiotic. Everyone may not have the same experience but mine was very negative.
I started getting anxious around last year. Never had the feeling before so I went to a doctor and she prescribed this stuff. I 'll tell you exactly how you feel with this stuff. If you ever smoked weed, it 's like waking up high and staying high the rest of the day until you get a headache in the back of your head (at least for me). Not addicting, but the feeling is calm. Until you stop taking it for a while thinking that your cured. SIKE! Your anxiety just got worse. It 's like using a face wash for acne. It won 't cure it but it controls it. So then you start taking them again but you start to hate this feeling. It 's like you 're in a twilight all day. 
I left a review awhile back, but now I have to revise it. When I first started taking Buspar I was happy with it, but then it stopped working for me. I 'm now on the max dosage of 60 mg. I take 30 mg in the morning &amp; 30 mg in the evening, but it is not helping me at all. I still have very bad anxiety, panic attacks &amp; paranoia. Since it isn 't doing anything for me I will probably stop taking it.
My doctor added this with the Vicodin, no relief of anything and very expensive. I 'll stick to Flexeril when I need a muscle relaxer.
Thought I was going to die taking Ciprofloxacin for my diverticulitis. Shortly after taking I would become increasingly warm, cheeks bright red, intense chest pain and short of breath. I had taken this medication twice before and didn 't recall this side effect (Levaquin made me agitated). I made sure to separate my meds by over a hour to see which one in fact it was giving me the problem. Yikes
My father died as a result of taking this drug.  He was not warned of the possible pulmonary toxicity that killed him.  When his symptoms became apparent, I took him to the doctor.  They prescribed antibiotics thinking he had a bad cold.  Finally, he landed in the emergency room and they treated him for pneumonia.  It took almost 2 days for them to identify the cause...amiodarone.  After 62 days in ICU he passed...it was a horrible death.  I started a website and a Facebook group to help others navigate these waters.  It 's amazing to me how many people have experienced and are experiencing the same terrible outcome.  Avoid this drug unless you are taking it as a last resort!
Diabetes, thoughts of self-destruction , compulsive behavior,no energy, etc
After two shots, had swelling in both elbows, stiff neck and pain.   I am not sure prolia is the cause but I will not risk it again or any drugs for osteoporosis.   My immune system was compromised too and I have had several illnesses.   I went from an active fit person to  not being able to perform simple everyday tasks without big pain.   I have had the worst 6 months of my life.  Avoid this medication!
Horrible weight gain and constant migraines. Had to discontinue.
I took Macrobid for 3 days, I started having muscle aches. Flu like symptoms and stiff neck and nausea.
Be VERY cautious before using this with small children.  Our doctor prescribed it for our toddler (under 2 years old) as a decongestant.  We wondered why he was so upset, and had manic behavior, after a few days.  Now I see that it can cause &quot;excitation in children&quot;. We have stopped it now and his behavior has improved quickly. 
Worst experience of my life. I was sick for 2 days and felt hung over one the 3rd. Sweats, Fatigue, Restlessness, Minor Vision problems. To me it was poison.  This was 1 dose of 12.5 mg.
My Mirena experience has been awful.  It was painful getting it placed, but my physician had prepared me for it and provided medication.  I had horrible pain starting right after insertion.  It 's been three months and I still have severe cramps, spotting daily , acne, lower back pain and severe pitting edema in my lower extremities, about a 20 lb weight gain.  Definitely decreased libido and vaginal dryness as well.  I 've spoken with my Dr and I 'm trying to stick it out for 6 months.  I 'm unsure of what I 'll do. 
I had Skyla placed in August and was really excited for it. I thought &quot;3 yrs of not having to deal with BC, sign me up!&quot; but as time went by I noticed my body was not loving it. About 3 months in I noticed that my hair was falling out and feeling very thin, the hair loss continued for the next three months and got to the point I needed to start using hair cover up makeup, Nioxin, and hair extensions to thicken my hair. I also noticed I could tun my ponytail holder a few more times than I was used to. In addition to the hair loss I also noticed an increase in acne which had never been a problem for me.I decided that these side effects were too much for me and had it taken out.
I tried this after Citalopram quit on me after about 5 years. What an awful drug for me. It did little for my anxiety and OCD. Some OCD symptoms actually worsened and weaning off it caused extreme anxiety to the point of panic attacks. I 'm finally off it after the final rude downshift and am trying Zoloft with good redults so far. Good riddance to bad rubbish.
Pain management is moderate. Side effects are awful. Dizzines, nausea and feeling of floating and not being present. 
I did not like this birth control for many reasons: it made me catty and snap at people, my period discharge became thick and painful, and worst of all I could feel the ring during sex. On the other hand the convenience of not worrying about taking pills was nice.
Though it did cure the abscess in my ear, it caused severe (I mean SEVERE) muscle/bone pain in my legs, abdomen, and diaphragm.  Later side effects were numbness with shooting pain in my left side leg and arm.  I can barely walk.  I had never taken Bacrtim before (sulfonamide).  I was also on cephilexin but I do not believe that was the problem because I 've taken that without issues.  Please think twice before you take Bactrim.  For me, the benefits certainly did not outweigh the risks.  For now, I 've lost my quality of life.
I was switched to Trintellix after several other SSRI medications didn 't seem to work. I was started on 10mg, the first week I felt fine. But then its as if overnight I became a different person. I went straight into a mania phase. I wasn 't sleeping, eating. I felt like I had no control of my emotions or my body. It almost cost me my marriage. Thankfully, my husband knew me well enough to know this was not normal for me and had me go back to my PCP and now I 'm back on Zoloft and waiting to get in with a Psychiatrist to find some other options. I don 't  want to experience anything like that again.
I hate this birth control.  I start spotting a week into my period every month (on it 3 months now) and have to wear a liner at all times.  Horrible mood swings, no sex drive (the dark brown spotting all month doesn 't help), and is barely covered by birth control.  Still would have had to pay $70 out of pocket each month if I wanted to continue on it, which I don 't.  Will be switching back to Ocella as soon as I can, which didn 't have any of these side effects.  I got a 6-month sample of Lo Loestrin Fe and will be throwing out the remaining 3 months.
As others have stated the packaging is awful.  Pills don 't stay on the applicator, or fall out after being inserted.  Had to switch from Vagifem to Yuvafem in Jan because of insurance cost.  Going to be 65 in Nov so I want to make sure I 'll be able to afford Vagifem.  On the generic, I 've had a strange discharge I never had before, vaginal tearing during intercourse and more urgency.  Thank you to all who have shared their experiences.  I don 't feel alone in this.  Our doctors need to know there is a huge difference between the generic and original brand (Vagifem).
I had very vivid dreams while on this medication while being treated for hypertension following a mild stroke.
I 've had restless leg since I was 15 but doctors couldn 't do anything till I was 21 when u stop growing I 'm now 44 and lived with it for so long and tried differ meds and nothing helps I 've now just started gabapentin yesterday so only on 100my at night for 2-3 days then go to taking in the morning and night for 2-3days then morning dinner and night for a month then go back doctors I am in l pain all day and night a specially when the weather is poor I also get in my arms
Severe Diarrhea, unable to do my job because of it.
Well if I could I would rate this medicine a 0 I would. This has been the single worst experience of my life. I have been on accutane for 6 months and my skin still sucks. I break out everyday and the side effects are not fun.The most disheartening thing about this whole experience was the promise from my dermatologist that this medicine would work. My skin is red and super dry. My lips peel and are extremely chapped. My eyes hurt, I can 't drink, I sunburn in 2 minutes and it 's just an overall miserable medication to be on. I was on 120mg my last month and it still didn 't clear me. I hate this drug and I genuinely feel like I completely wasted the past 6 months of my life
Awful birth control. Caused me clinical anxiety and depression out of the blue and made me feel suicidal. I 've tried many pills and never experienced such mental trauma.
I took 150 mg x 2 daily of nucynta for full body stabbing pain and it didn 't even help one bit for the pain. I do not recommend this drug to anyone, it is a waste of time , money and it doesn 't work for moderate to severe pain. There was a survey on Facebook the other day in a support group and nucynta helped only 1 in 10 people for there pain. The only positive side it had no side effects for me but I rather had it made me sleepy and help my pain then waste my time and money. Disgrace of a pill
I thought this was the perfect solution for not having to drink a gallon of awful colon cleansing drink. Boy was I wrong. I ended up vomiting and not being able to finish the last six pills. I had to use 2 Fleets to finish cleaning it in the morning. It 's 2 weeks after my procedure and I 'm still having diarrhea and cramping. Next time, I 'm power through the gallon of prep!
This brand of pain medication makes me itch very badly.  I have never had this problem with Percocet.
Omg, this was by far the wrost medication ever. Sick is an understatement, throwing up, out of both ends, cold sweats, like going though withdrawal. Be careful if you try this. Your going to be sick
Yasmin is the worst! I went on it to clear my acne and it made me feel like I was going crazy. Anxiety, depression and de realisation. I constantly cried and was clingy to my loved ones. I am so angry my doctor prescribed this pill without telling me about the side effects! It was only after going on the Internet did I realise just how dangerous this pill is! Stay away from it!!! I stopped as soon as I made the connection, that it was making me a different person I 've never felt paranoid in my life until Yasmin!  It was hard coming off too, first week hard, second week much better and by the second cycle I was finally 100%. be aware!! If you 've started this pill and feeling depressed its Yasmin!!
I have been diabetic for about 50 years. Forty of those years I used Regular and NPH insulin. I never had any problems at all. My A1c readings were in the mid 6 's most of the time. A new doctor comes along and wants all her diabetics to conform to textbook examples. She decided my insulins were old fashioned and outdated. She changes me over to Tresiba. After a couple weeks my sugar would drop around 100 to 200 points from midnight to about 8 in the morning. I have to make sure my sugar is above 225 at midnight to not wake with a 40 or 50. I was 320 once and 8 hours later it was 84. This stuff is scary.
Gave me heart palpitations from the time I took it until I stopped. It did significantly relieve my symptoms but the side effects were just too much.
I found this page and everything clicked just two days too late. While my cough went away, the first night I woken up with severe cramping and the worst diarrhea of my life and was unable to hold food down for 12 hours. Then I took the medicine the next night and woke up to constant severe cramping to the point of skipping all my meals and popping pepto until the 12 hour mark when I was able to hold down a bagel. Thank god I searched this tonight because I was about to take it again!! It is not expired but rather a painful fast track to a cleanse. Never touching again.
It stopped my PACs  (Preatrial contractions ). I was on this med for 13 years.  Over three years ago I started having increased muscle weakness, episodes of collapsing or falling without knowing why or even a warning that I was going to fall, extremely dry eyes (OTC eye drops were ineffective), severe muscle spasms, back pain, increased diarrhea, swelling in hands and feet, and pinpoint red spots on my skin.  I looked up the side effects of this med and I had 24 of the adverse effects!!  I had become so weak that I had to use 2 walking sticks, could hardly get in or out of bed, couldn 't walk a 100 ft.  I quit taking this med which I thoroughly believe was killing me. I have begun to feel much better regaining some of my muscle strength and have less back pain.
The sex was great but after that day, a terrible week was ahead. I have groin ache for 2 days and it is still continuing.
Been suffering from depression most of my life. I 've been on Zoloft and Lexapro. I would change when one seemed to stop working so went to Prozac. BIG mistake. See the side effects? I had almost every one of them. Doctors couldn 't figure out what was wrong till my wife showed them the side effects. Almost died Lost 25# in about 3 weeks. Will never go back to it but who knows it might work for you just didn 't for me
I 'm so happy I found this because it makes so much sense now. I 've taken a couple different brand birth controls since I was 18. I am now 26 and started Estryalla this year when my insurance changed. I used to think I 'm just moodier (if that 's a word) cause for all sorts of reasons. However after reading these reviews I now know it could be from these pills. My boyfriend has been telling me all along its the pills but I didn 't believe him. I would definitely change from this current bc because it 's not what I expected. I also have break through bleeding with this and heavier/longer periods.
I took this for one day. Had panic attacks, and even worse, inability to urinate until it cleared my system. Also I have memory gaps from the day I was on it. I 'd rather be anxious. 
I was only on this birth control for a day and almost fainted. I took it with plenty of food but after about 6 hours I started sweating really bad, my vision started going, and couldn 't hear anything. Was really scary. I 'm now on Provera 10 mg twice a day for heavy bleeding - it hasn 't affected me at all and has actually put me in a better mood than usual.
Did NOT work for me.  Used it for 30 days.  I was hoarse the whole time, and during the 25-30th day had developed thrush (which I got rid of by using salt water gargles).  I 've had asthma reaction to the historic pollen levels in Atlanta (2010) all through the pollen season (March through to the end of May).
Was on Paxil for 2 years and felt it wasn 't working anymore and I was becoming depressed again and having obsessive compulsive thoughts. Switched to the generic brand called mylan-burpropion and lasted 4 days. Was extremely suicidal and couldn 't stop crying. My throat closed up and I was so nauseous. Stopped taking immediately the feeling of wanting to kill myself went away. Throat is still hurting and it feels like I have the flu. This was definitely not the right meds for my system
I had microscopic colititsSevere abdominal pain a couple hours after taking med. Dried out mucosa of mouth so much could hardly talk. Also dried out eyes so much took a day of using artificial tear drops every two hours to make eyes comfortable
Nabumetone helping my left knee but gave me pain in both feet when I walk and I got a rash on my right arm  from it after I started taking it....
I absolutely HATED this medication. I have been struggling with panic attacks and major depression since I was younger. I was put on this medication for about a year and my panic attacks were not so often. The downsides of medicationIs that I felt little to no emotion, And had ZERO sex drive.
This medication ruined me. When I was in my freshman year of high school I could see no point in living. I started taking this in the second grade and now it has literally no effect. I was failing all of my classes and I gave up on trying to go to college, this drug makes you think their are two yous, the medicine &quot;normal&quot; or the non medicated &quot;annoying&quot;. The only reason doctors give this to people is to get money, scheduling appointments every 3 months.
I had a supposedly simple female procedure done in 2007 that was supposed to leave me with a little cramping for two days. The next morning I was in so much pain all over my body. I called the Gynecologist who didn 't understand why I would be in so much pain and basically left me to just handle it. I called the hospital to talk to an Anesthesiologist; he got my chart, listened and then put me on hold to look into it more. When he came back he asked, &quot;Does it feel like you have been hit with a baseball bat all over your body?&quot; YES!!! He told me it was a side effect of the medication Succinylcholine. Six months later I was DX with Fibromyalgia! I don 't know if it caused the Fibromyalgia but now I feel like I did for that week all the time.
Not Good
I was on Yaz for about 6 months. A couple weeks ago I was finding it hard to breathe and having chest pains. To my complete surprise, doctors found I had multiple blood clots in both my lungs blocking almost my entire airway and admitted me into hospital straight away. I am a healthy 23 year old and doctors said they have never seen a PE (Pulmonary Embolism) as bad as mine. Tests came back confirming that the clots were caused from my YAZ pill. They told me that had I waited a couple more days I could have dropped down dead without any warning. Very scary to know the pill can cause this much damage to the body, I don 't know how they are still producing and selling this pill. After my near death experience, I will NEVER recommend this pill
Dec.6,2013 I had a screening colonoscopy. Propofol was the agent used for sedation. I had an adverse reaction to the medication.  I was paralyzed, but not sedated. I knew every time they moved me. I knew what they were talking about. I understood everything, I just could NOT move, speak or even open my eyes.  I was able to get enough &quot;oomph&quot; to say &quot;hurts&quot; and someone said &quot;You shouldn 't even be feeling that&quot; and I said &quot;hurts bad&quot;.  I am just thankful this was during a relatively minor procedure instead of something like heart/lung surgery.  I guess someone gave me a little more after I spoke b/c the next thing I remember is someone 's panicky voice saying &quot;I can 't get her oxygen up!&quot; over and over again. I survived, but barely I think.
I got nexplanon July 8th of this year it has been a living hell I been bleeding continuously off and on spotting.  It also has given me the worst acne EVER my face will clear up and then a day or two later come back! I also have experienced pregnancy like sypmtoms such as nausea, and sometimes actually vomitting! I also have the worst headaches and sleeplessness. I would not recommend this product to anyone! Its not worth it try condoms or abstinence
I took it for three days before the left side of my face went numb, and my coordination/depth perception became screwy.  I went to the ER, where they diagnosed a &quot;Partial&quot; Bell 's Palsy.  There were so many Drs (Including neurologists) talking about my case bc my symptoms didn 't fit into any diagnosis.  I think that this side effect should be better publicized!  Now I want to know if this paralysis is ever going to resolve.  Has anyone out there experienced this?
I am a 36yr. old mother of 4 and I started taking Contrave yesterday and initially I felt nothing.  Until I started moving around, I became very jittery, then extremely clammy and hot - my mouth started to water and I threw up all over the place.  To say it made me nauseous is an understatement!  I thought maybe it was because I ate a light breakfast before taking it.  So I took it again this morning after a decent breakfast, and as I 'm typing...I 'm going through the exact same symptoms as yesterday.  I 'm going to discontinue using this as much as I was hoping I could continue to help with my weight loss, the symptoms are too harsh for me to continue.
I had bad side effects from this medicine. I had nausea, headache and dizziness almost daily since taking Janumet. Thinking my body would adjust I kept taking it for about 6 months. Since I stopped it 2 weeks ago the nausea, headache and dizziness has stopped. I will have to get &quot;real&quot; with myself and do diet and exercise.
Side effects aren 't worth it for me.
On this pill for 3 months. Constant UTIs despite drinking 2 liters of water a day. I have never had a migraine until this pill. Makes sex painful. No vaginal lubrication at all despite arousal level. Would not reccommend!
Been on Cimzia for almost 3 treatments, i.e. 3 months. It caused me a terrible migraine and never resolved the psoriasis on my hands. It caused pain and inflammation in my left arch and heel of my foot that radiated pain up the leg and into the hip that I just received a cortisone injection in. The pain is quite severe and lasts for at least 5 days after my treatments. I still experience arthritis stiffness and pain in my fingers and toes. I will now be trying Otezla which sounds quite scary to take but I will give it a try.
It 's not working for my functional abdominal pain
I will never take Humira again! I strongly believed in it for the several years I took it, but now I 've developed an allergic reaction to it.
Just one 12.5 mg of this and it works in about 30mins. However I get the worst anxiety attacks I have ever had! I 'm not kidding. The anxiety lasts for 3 to 4 days from just one dose. It feels like I am having a heart attack or worse!  I keep thinking how do people take this stuff everyday? Today I had not had any and it was day 4. I felt great but wanted to poop fast so I could go to the beach. Forget it. In 5 hours I was right back with the heart attack. It also makes my bones hurt. If I bump into anything it feels like I broke the bone! So then I have to live with the anxiety  while putting ice on whatever I bump. I 'm not even bumping anything hard. It happens when I just brush against a door. I 'm going back to Magnesium powder.
I sweat excessively and I thought drysol was my only option left and when I used it first I didn 't sweat at all but then I had an allergic reaction to it and needed to stop immediately. Now I 'm a bag of sweat. Great.
I used this twice and was taken to A &amp; E with anaphylactic reaction to the product, be aware if you have onset of itchy skin, within 20 mins I was taken to hospital.
This medication did not work for me at all. I still have trouble sleeping and I cannot sleep even with this medication. I am on the 50mg dosage, seems like I need something stronger.
I took Dulera 200 for about 3 months.  After a month I experienced heart palpitations (heart rate from 80 to 188 in seconds).  At first it would only last 2-3 minutes.  Then palpitations lasted over an hour, then two hours.  Ended up in the ER four times, twice to receive an IV drug to reset and slow my heart beat.  Cardiologist at the hospital put me on Diltiazem to control my heart rate.  It lowered blood pressure (was already good), but did not stop heart palpitations.  Began having breathing problems and doctor increased Diltiazem dosage.  Experienced worse breathing issues and loss of bladder control.  Finally realized the Diltiazem caused breathing problems and Dulera was causing the racing heart palpitations.  Nightmare!
Depakote was a nightmare.  Besides having acute, non-stop stomach pain with chronic diahrrea, my hair started falling out in clumps.  Good thing I have thick hair or I could have been bald at the end of this drug.  I don 't recommend this to anyone.  It was like taking poison.
This medicine can ruin your ability to think.I would walk in to a room,and forget the last 5 minutes.I had to reduce the medication by 40%,and am now tapering at 10% month to fend off sudden withdrawal symptoms.
when I was 14 years old and have been getting acne for a little under a year, so when my dermatologist recommended solodyn, I was very pleased, but being on this medication for less than a week, I have to say I would not recommend it. The joint pain I got in my knee was unbearable, and it also gave me random anxiety attacks, as well as mild depression. Very disappointed:(
For a month after starting this drug I was very cold especially my legs, and could not get warm, and I was very shaky and trembley.  I felt miserable and didn 't realize what was wrong until I stopped the drug and everything went back to normal right away. 
While on Xarelto I experienced a stroke.  Partial loss of vision.  I have atrial fibrillation. Initially, a few years ago I was put on Coumadin.  That was a hassle. Then I was very glad when Pradaxa came out and it was prescribed.  But it caused such stomach pain.  I was then put on Xarelto. I took it faithfully as prescribed.  I had no discomfort or side effects, but then in December of 2016 I had the stroke.  Now I am on Eliquis.
I 've been taking generic Opana (Oxymorphone) for three months to treat chronic pain from a forklift accident 30 years ago. I 've had 41 surgeries on my Left leg, 3 on my shoulder, an appendectomy and 1 on my Right knee to remove torn meniscus. I FINALLY have a great pain management doctor who doesn 't treat me like an addict. I 'm very honest with her about how much pain meds I take and usually bring her the bottle so she can see for herself exactly how much I 'm taking. Two weeks ago she increased my dosage from 5mg  x 2 daily to 5mg/3 x daily. I have not experienced the pain relief I was hoping for. But I have had one very unwelcome surprise... my gastric motility has been GREATLY affected (constipation!)If you already have this problem, look out.
When I took Latuda, I had terrible back spasms that lasted for hours. I couldn 't stop moving and when I sat down I had to rock back and forth for any comfort. I know that maybe it was because I took 120 mg a day but, when I started taking lower doses with cogentin it was just getting worse. I now have been off of it for almost a year and I have never felt better except with the occasional back pain. I know this may not help you but, know that there are always going to be people out there to support you. They gave me this drug at that dose when I was fourteen and I know why. I hope this helps in any way
Stomach pain, nausea, feel like could get sick, after 3 complete doses, shortness of breath, chest pain.
I absolutely hate this pill. I started taking this as a treatment for my endometriosis (aka cripling cramps and painful sex.) The first month was horrendous as my period was twice as heavy and twice as long. And my cramps were totally intensified! So much that it made me cry. I was also off the wall emotional and crazy. My gyno obviously said to give it 3 months to let it set in. So I decided to keep going. It 's the end of my 3rd month and I 've literally had 3 periods this month, with my current one bringing on just as bad cramps as I experienced without the pill! This has done nothing to lessen my cramps and has made me (and my menstrual cycle) a total mess. Also complete loss of libido!
I&rsquo;d been taking Gianvi for years without any issues then my pharmacy randomly switched me to Nikki. I&rsquo;ve been using it for the last 2 months and since I&rsquo;ve started using it, I&rsquo;ve had frequent migraines, mood swings, acne, and weight gain. None of these occurred while taking Gianvi.
The first week Paxil was great I felt better no more anxiety and I felt happy and not stressed. But now going on the 3rd week I feel so sleepy I have no interest in doing anything and I 'm jittery at the same time. I 've never been not interested in doing house cleaning or going outside but now I don 't want to do anything but sleep.
Doesn 't work
After being diagnosed with bipolar disorder, my doctor put me on this medication.  I started at 25mg and eventually went up to 200mg.  This medication is horrible.  I was losing myself in the way it changed who I was.  I became very irritable and unhappy.  The littlest things set me off.  I was not myself while taking this medication.  I lost friends and my creativity.  I wish I never had started this medication.
I have had nexplanon for about 4 months now. When I first got it I had just barely stopped bleeding from having the baby. When I got it I heavily bled for about 2 weeks. I 'll go 3 weeks without bleeding then heavily bleed for about 12 days. Mood swings are terrible. Depression. And anxiety are the worst they have ever been. Headaches and stomach cramps. Tiredness and weight gain. Do not recommend this at all. Horrible experience.
Had migraines for 7 years. Take Fioricet for pain, which works well, but I wanted to try prevention. My doctor had already tried Gabapentin and Sumatriptan, both of which did nothing for migraines and had side effects. Then Propranolol. The side effects were: Feeling sluggish and tired all the time. I have a regular diet and exercise routine that I follow, and it did not affect my eating habits, but it did make me not want to exercise because of how sluggish I felt. I forced myself to anyway, which is why I didn 't gain weight on the drug, but gaining weight would have been easy. At night, my heartbeat felt like it was chugging on a milkshake, which made me anxious. It did nothing for my migraines, so I stopped after a couple months.
At first I thought I loved this pill, the problem with it crept in so subtly I didn 't notice it (very similar to a previous complaint on saw on here). I 've never had issues with anxiety or depression before taking this. About 7 months into taking the pill my anxiety sky rocketed and I became increasingly depressed. Insomnia also became a consistent problem and I seriously thought I was losing my mind. My relationship with my husband also suffered from these serious side effects as I became extremely moody and would cry for no reason and not understand why.  My advice would be to seriously monitor how you feel while on this pill and note any changes in mood - becomes it definitely creeps in slowly.
Would not recommend this to my worst enemy! I have been bleeding since the 1st injection in June, gained 18lbs and completely lost my confidence. I have gone from an outgoing girl to a hermit. Decided to not go for a 3rd injection to try and get back to some normality.
I have been on the depo shot for almost 10 months now and it hasn 't been too bad. The only problems I 've had is severe mood swings, nausea, and headaches daily. I 'm a sick person anyways so I 'm not sure if I 've gotten other side effects but I do know those are from the depo. My periods are now pretty much gone. My second shot I had a period for about 2 months but it wasn 't heavy. I plan on getting off of it though after this shot wears off because I have been reading a lot of bad things about the shot. Severe mood swings, depression, anxiety, hair loss, osteoporosis, infertility, etc. I eventually want to get pregnant but you can lose all options if you continue the shot for an extended period of time and I don 't want that to happen.
I was prescribed Pristiq about 6 months ago and am currently on the highest dose. It took me awhile to commit to taking it because the side effects were awful. Headaches, groggy feeling, dry mouth, and constipation. I 've been on it consistently now and the only difference I see is that I feel more numb. I still feel and think the same but my outbursts have calmed down since the medicine makes me so exhausted. I have also gained a lot of weight from this medication. The good part about this medicine for me is I get coupons for it and basically get it for free.
White spots In my mouth.  It only works for ten hours and then my ears start ringing telling me that my blood pressure is up again.
I haven 't been on any birth control in ten years (I always used condoms and have no kids) I am in a serious relationship so I got Movisse ( I am a smoker and this is what the Dr recommended) I started it the first day of my period as directed , I had the worst cramps ever!!! My first day is always rough on my period and then goes away, with this is pill it went on for 3 weeks so bad, I couldn 't leave my bed, I am crunched over in pain , it feels like my day one forever, I heard that if u stick through it your body settles but I just couldn 't do it , I stopped taking it yesterday, I still have cramps and hoping it goes away soon, it was my only symptom but it is debilitating
Took this for mania in Bipolar Disorder.  I can say that it helped with mania, but it did so in a way that was disabling in other parts of my brain.  I could not be still with my feet, I always had an urge to move and shuffle my feet.  I was always tired and exhausted despite getting 8+ hours of sleep.  One side benefit, my nervous habits of picking my fingers, bouncing foot or biting at fingers was totally gone.  This drug also caused some insomnia which required me to take another drug to help with sleeping.  This is probably the worst drug I have tried in relation to Bipolar.
I 'm currently laying in bed with a bag of corn between my legs praying I can catch my train on time. The burning and itching is so freaking intense I wish I could take my vag off and wash it in my sink. My YI was pretty mild, but I couldn 't get the ovule very far up my vagina. This burning itch is so much worse than my initial infection. Hopefully it goes away soon.
After 5 months on Enbrel no change!  I 've had rheumatoid arthritis for 3 years. Currently use methrotexate and prednisone which offers some relief.  RA is gradually increasing. 
My pharmacist switched me to Orsythia after my regular birth control, Aviane, was unavailable. In the first 48 hours on Orsythia I having terrible mood swings and anxiety. Then came the bloating, weight gain and acne. I 'm now on my placebo week and my hormone levels have dropped so rapidly that I feel like a crazy person. Can 't wait to get off this stuff next week! P.S. I would HIGHLY recommend Aviane to anyone looking for a low-dose birth control pill. I was on it for years and never had any problems.
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!!! Once I got it in, everything changed for me. I was in the process of getting married, stressed, and MOODY! I thought it was from planning a destination wedding. Boy, was I wrong. After a year of having it in and about losing my marriage from my excessive bitchiness due to this implant, I had enough. Removed it and I am a totally different person!
It 's not &quot;short-acting&quot; - I couldn 't move for 48 hours.
Worst ever do not get..I did not stop bleeding for 6 months started getting tired all the time...nausea..extremely crabby with mood swings n started developing depression a couple weeks before removing it!! Also met several other woman within a short period of time that had the same problems
I meet with a neurologist for my migraines. He put me on depakote at bedtime. I 've been on it almost 6 months now and I am starting to have them as frequent as I used to...3 times a week. I also take Keppra and duloxetine every morning. I 've been struggling for almost 20 years now. I just can 't get rid of one all the way. Any hospital visit that I go to, they give me benadryl and tramadol, even when I tell them it doesn 't work for me. I 've only gone to the hospital about 6 times in my life for them.
I have had this since September of last year and have been gaining weight and can never tell when I am full so I constantly eat and eat and don 't know when to stop. I have regular periods which is the only positive thing about it. I have headaches all of the time, I am very snappy and cranky all of the time and have to constantly remind people that I 'm usually not like this. I have been breaking out really bad since I started taking this and its only been in for a few months but my face looks horrible and because of the breakouts I am starting to feel very down and not wanting to show my face because it 's just way too much to deal with right now. I am so ready to get this thing out. 
I 've had this thing in my arm for over a year now and I can honestly say I hate it! It has done nothing but change my personality and weight gain. I 'm usually an extra small size and weight 127 lbs I am at 149 and exercising more then ever to try and keep the weight down. I am hateful,moody, I never want to be around people. My sleeping pattern is irregular. I either sleep to much or not at all. I 've tried everything. My family has noticed a difference in my attitude. I 'm just not myself.  Let me not forget the acne. It 's hideous I 'm constantly breaking out, never had back ache ever, my skin has become rough. Anyone thinking of getting this I do not approve. I refuse to be the governments test rat.
I tried this medication as I needed a good allergy med and it knocked me out for 15 hours - like a drugged knock out. I couldn 't get off the bed to go to the bathroom even. It was horrible. I didn 't move for 15 hours then when it finally started to wear off, I hurt all over. Finally, after 36 hours I 'm starting to feel normal again. Never again! This stuff is nasty!
It makes me sweat a lot and have panic attacks.
I took this after being on Zoloft for anxiety &amp; social phobia. Zoloft didn 't work (I was on it for about 4 weeks and it gave me terrible headaches, couldn 't sleep, but felt tired all the time). After about 2 weeks of being on Lexapro, I got severe anxiousness and anger and rage. I had it for 3 days straight and my husband told me to call the doc and get off the meds. I also was dizzy all the time so much that I couldn 't stand up without having to immediately sit down because of the world spinning. I 'm switching over to Efexxor now and hoping that will help.
I started with a new Doctor (addiction treatment specialist) I am getting ready to detox of Kolonapin,  So the new Doc put me on Buspirone  Ugggg  I was on for about a week. I started getting very hot and Short tempered and extremely tired Very heavy head So I called my Doc He said to stop taking it.  I was on 15Mg 2 times a day. Well I have been off for about 3 or 4 days the first day wasn 't bad the second day dizzy queasy and extremely tired.  Wow If I 'm feeling this bad, still hot very tired my head is very heavy. Yet My Doc also said there would be no withdrawal.  Best of luck to all of you.  My heart goes out to you
Took one 300mg pill 1 hour before bed last night (around 10pm) and have been regretting it ever since. Did not sleep due to vivid dreams (3D Alice in Wonderland type). Extremely irritable, mood swings every 5 minutes, groggy, eating non-stop since last night. To top it all off my pain is still here. Dr prescibed this to me for pain in my knees, legs, feet, (can barely walk without holding on to something), arms, wrists, and hands (hurt so much I 'm unable to grasp anything with my right hand). Been taking Norco 5/325 2x a day for the past 2 years for left shoulder pain due to a car accident which worked well for that, but like any other medication you take for a long period of time it stopped working. I will not try this again. Best of luck.
I became very ill taking Aleve on a routine basis. I developed an intestinal ulcer, ringing in my ears, dizziness, vision changes the list goes on. 
I 've tried this twice, once for allergy related coughing and bronchitis.  For some reason, for me, this medicine always makes me cough more than I need to.  It does thin the phlegm and helps make my coughs productive, but when I need to sleep this isn 't the medicine I can take at night.  I use Robitussin DM for nighttime use.
I followed the instructions precisely to take one teaspoon;I took only one dose. The syrup caused severe nausea and stomach discomfort that persisted for more than 24 hours.
I have been on this pill for about 6 months, face is nice and clear, but that 's it.  I get anxiety and feel worried all the time and never can be truly happy or enjoy anything.  I get shortness of breath just sitting down.  There are times I feel like I will be having a heart attack and I am only 25 and healthy. Makes me so emotional at times, I just want to cry out of nowhere . For sure great at birth control , sex drive is gone, dryness and at time discomfort. Plus a 22 pound increase.
I was prescribed Norvir along with Truvada and Prezista as a substitute for Atripla.  My physician felt that it would increase my CD4 count, which had stabilized for some time at the 150 range.  I began the regimen with Norvir and the other 2 antivirals in September and checked the progress in December (3 months).  The CD4 count had declined to 88 and the new treatment was clearly not effective.  He had me retested at the end of January and the count had fallen to 36.  I have since gone back to Atripla.Norvir has a serious contraindication when combined with a steroid.  I have been using Advair for COPD, and the Norvir reacted with the fluoxetine in Advair and caused my face to become puffy, weight gain, and stomach issues.
I Was Only Taking Nucynta For 3 Months, And Had To Switch To Another Narcotic Pain Med Because Of The Serious Side Effects.  I Had Terrible Anxiety Attacks Which Required Me To Take Xanax.  The Absolute WORST Side Effect That I Had Were The Hallucinations...I Thought I Was Going Totally Insane!  I Have A Friend Who Takes This, And It Works Well For Her, But I Must Have Been Allergic To It! 
The first four days I was almost euphoric then it was like the bottom dropped out and depression worse that when I started the medication set in. I have stopped taking it.
I gave it the benefit of the doubt and had 2 sessions worth of it..... it did prevent any pregnancies but at the risk of never bleeding. I don 't know about yall but it scared the crap out of me! My sex drive vanished once I got on it. 10-20 lbs of weight was gained over the course of 4 1/2 years. finally got it out and still not bleeding.....not sure what all it screwed up...... good luck ladies!
I had to stop taking this drug primarily because it just messed up my sinus ' and burnt where I have plugs in.  Made the situation worse not better.  I don 't think this drop should be used with punctal plugs...
No symptom relief at all, but did have sexual side effects
Yaz was the worst thing to ever happen to me. I switched from Minastrin FE to Yaz because my doctor said it would be more effective for my skin... WRONG. I had moderate - mild hormonal acne before Yaz but after taking Yaz for just 1 month my skin broke out like crazy. It was so painful and horrible I wouldn&rsquo;t leave my house. My doctor told me not to panic and give it the full 3 months... I took it for 4 excruciating months and my face got progressively worse the entire time I was on it. I stopped taking it and my dermatologist put me on antibiotics which finally cleared my skin. But the whole experience was so bad I will never take this pill again. HORRIBLE.
I went on DEPO a few years ago for about 1.5 years.  Before my cramps were so bad, I couldn 't function for days. When I went on DEPO, it stopped my periods and cramping completely and drastically improved my quality of life. I went off the DEPO, because my fiance was stationed overseas and there was no point to be on it if he would not be around for a couple years. I went back on it in December 2015 a month before he was coming home. It was TERRIBLE!!!! I would have my period for 3 consecutive weeks. I would be good for 1 week and then it would start again. It was so frequent that I wouldn 't even trust the week I didn 't have it. I went off of it in December 2016. I will NEVER go back on DEPO
Allergic reaction, hives.
I have Sickle Cell Anemia(beta thal) &amp; avascular necrosis in both hips and shoulders. To function I HAVE to stay on top of my pain around the clock and hoped the Aleve PM would help me get sleep. I gave in and spent $10 on 20 caplets which did NOT help my pain whatsoever after taking 4 in a desperate attempt to get my pain back in control. It made no difference. I 'm sleep deprived and miserable today thanks to these things. The regular Aleve is one of my go to pain relievers during the day but the PM version is a joke. I just wish I could get a refund....
I have tried Lamisil twice ... in spray and cream. Absolutely no relief whatsoever other than a sting when you spray it on. 
I took 2mg one night at the ER because I was having a panic attack and it worked quickly. But tonight I took 1mg before going to the mall on black friday because I knew it would be crowded and I 'd get overwhelmed, so I took 1mg in advance before I went and it did nothing for me whatsoever. I left overwhelmed and very irritated after 15 minutes. I 'm home now and feeling very irritated by the whole experience.
Well, for the longest time I was on 20 mg and I felt okay. Which was a lot better than the constant anxious mood I was in and I could finally go to school. The last 3 weeks, I was on 40 mg after trying Wellbutrin and having a terrible reaction to it. But in the two days that I came off of celexa, only taking 20 mg again, I had the worst withdrawal symptoms. It might work for you but after a while it didn 't work for me.
My doctor prescribed xyzal after my regular allergy medicine became ineffective and I was continually getting sinus infections over a couple month span.  I couldn 't figure out why I was still showing allergy symptoms and continuing to get sinus infections while taking xyzal.  I decided to stop taking the medication after reading some side effects included sinus pressure, stuffy nose, and cough.  Within a few days of stopping the medication, my symptoms disappeared.  I found it interesting that some of side effects I experienced was the reason I began taking this prescription in the first place.
I had Nexplanon put in around May and had been bleeding for months at a time. I had few points in which I wasn 't bleeding and my mood had changed so drastically it was crazy. I got awful acne and got absolutely nothing from this birth control but wasted money on pads for periods lasting 3-4 weeks. Would not recommend at all. Getting it removed next week.
I have been taking them for 5 days, no results problem same as it is.
Truly the worst medication I have ever been on.. I had all of the bad side effect diarrhea in the middle of the night had to change the sheets, nightmares so bad that I slept with the lights on, brain zaps, migraines still to this day even after being off of this medication for 2.5 years. Dizzy spells, Black outs, I couldn 't even drive while taking this. I 'm sure there is more. I weaned myself off of this medication against my Doctors orders because he was convinced that this was a miracle drug needless to say he is no longer my Doc.
I am on my third and last package of LoSeasonique; it has been rough.  During the first pack, I started spotting daily in week 5.  This progressed to a full fledged cycle by week 9 and lasted for three weeks, so my doctor instructed me to skip to the yellow pills and then begin a new pack. During the second pack around week 5 the spotting started again.  During week 8, I passed out. In week 10, I began having extremely heavy bleeding that proved impossible to contain resulting in two terrible accidents.  Thank God I was home both times.  After getting the next prescription and reading the pamphlet again, I discovered all of these experiences are considered severe side effects of the pills. 
Adult daughter took 3 pills as dr recommended about 9pm. Luckily I told her she should stay at my house in case she needed anything. 4:30am she is in major pain, cramping, feels like she is on fire while actually being clammy and nauseous. She said never again.   My husband has a crazy colon and had probs for yrs.  He was sent to a dr for surgery and possibly have bag attached. An old German Dr asked if he would first try an old remedy. Begin eating 3 tbls of wheat bran every day and return in a month to see if there was a difference. Increase as needed. He agreed and it began working. He was up to 8 spoons a day. That was 18 yrs ago. He is up 2 5/8 oz per day. Mix 3 tbls ground flax, 1 pkt sweetner and water. Microwave 2 min. Take everyday
Have had 4 Remicade infusions in combination with MTX and Plaquinil. The 1st infusion was great and all my pain was gone. I thought OMG a miracle drug! Then 2nd infusion I had a reaction which felt like I was having a stress test performed, a bit scary and then the hands and feet broke out with a horrible psoriasis type rash which I have never had before (and still can 't seem to cure). 3rd infusion with Benadryl injection was 6 hours of slight reaction and then little or no relief from the pain. 4th injection with twice as much Benadryl prior to the injection and 10 hours of reaction while being infused and zero relief after. the fact. I gave up on Remicade. 
I had the Nexplanon before I had my son January 2016 and never had a period loved it! I got another nexplanon in march I didnt have a period till October and it hadsnt stopped it goes from heavy to light and back heavy if your married this is not the birth control for you. Im married and had a active sex life with my husband and we havent touched each other since September and as he says &quot; I can 't have sex with you and you bleeding like a stuck hog.&quot; so I 'm very disappointed and having this removed.
I was prescribed this by my OB-GYN as a birth control method. First month was great! Less heavy and painful period with only a little spotting.Now? Not so much. I get 2 periods a month now, with severe cramping that lasts for days. I 've lost 10 pounds, but am always hungry. I have severe mood swings and increased anxiety. I am now lucky enough to have at least one panic attack a day. My acne has gotten worse, and I 'm tired all the time.I 've talked to my doctor about it, but my concerns have been dismissed. If this doesn 't stop by the end of next month, I will get a second opinion and a different birth control method.
I had geno type 1 A probably been at least 40 yrs with Hep C. My liver has been stable but doc wanted to begin treatment. I was really hesisitant but assured that it was min to no side effects. Wow did i go for a ride though hell and back. I had sever high blood pressure, i am on b/p med and it was 188/118.. I was seeing spots vertigo i felt like i was ready for stroke. The worst part was the aggression/ sadness i became deeply depressed. Very depressed so depressed I lost me. It was just awful. The med is so strong it just runs though everything. If you have high b/p or on meds check them before treatment. I am glad i am off. Vertigo and constant headach. Awful stuff.
I have had migraine for 5 days ----- they gave me Toradol injection --- it 's been 2 hours and I do not feel any better. ...why is that?
Like so many that have posted here.Have been on Ambian for quite a while, not every night but at least 3-4 times per week.  I was eventually up to 2 10 mg tabs to be able to get to sleep but only for about 2-3 hrs.  Doc put me on Trazedone because I requested something different.Took one 50 mg when laying in bed and ready for sleep.  After about 2 hours, I final fell asleep without it 's help.Slept for about 4 hours total.Strong vivid unpleasant dream, cotton mouth and a hangover headache the next morning.Going back to the doc today to give him the bottle w/ 29 of the 30 left.
Was prescribed this med for cough and it did absolutely nothing except made my head hurt horribly bad and my throat tickle, which made the cough worse. 
This medication was given to my son by a ARNP who swears by it. My son cries for no reason, does not help him sleep but makes him eat like a bear, and he is argumentative about everything whenever he takes this. He needs help sleeping but there has got to be something else more effective for him with less side effects.
Started this medicine one week ago. Had minimal change in fibromyalgia. I slept pretty well the first two nights but now starting to not sleep so well. Still need over the counter pain medicines and muscle relaxers. Had a very stiff neck and now my lower back hurts from the weight gain 15 lbs in one week. 
I got switched to this from yaz. The worst month of my life. Terrible mood swings, anxiety, not to mention I bled through the entire pack. I don 't recommend this to anyone
After highly successful results (2 years relief per series) my insurance insisted on Euflexxa). Following completion of series of three shots, my previously comfortable knees are completely destroyed. My range of motion is very limited and walking long distances is painful.
Never have I had such a bad reaction to a antibiotic . Blisters on my feet toes both top and bottom making it impossible to wear shoes hard to walk. and a few in other places. Burning sharp pains in abdomen region. Problems with all my tendons in my feet knees shoulders making it impossible to walk. Took over a month to be almost over this. I am still feeling effects from it. And pls read on this med. It says that you can use it from one manufacturer nothing happens but each is different one manufacturer can hurt you while others do not. BEWARE!!!!!!
Be Careful! The medication &quot;burned&quot; the inside of my esophagus leaving a very painful sore that simply has to heal by itself. 2 doctors told me this is &quot;common&quot; with Doxycycline. 
I used this as I have had suffered with intense blushing and redness for over 4 years I am 23. Like most the first day was amazing my face was a normal colour ( seemed to good to be true ) over the next few days the rebound flushing was worse than I have ever experienced my face was boiling hot and dark red I had to attend meetings at work it was very hard . Not used it now for 3 days and still suffering from the intense flushing . Please for your sake DO NOT USE IT WILL MAKE IT WORSE
Strattera is the worst ADHD medicine I 've ever been on!  I was originally on Ritalin (worked well, but not long enough), then on Vyvance (worked great but doctor didn 't like my higher blood pressure) and now I 'm finally off Strattera after being on it for 11 months, because it didn 't work!  My doctor is concerned about high blood pressure that can trigger heart attacks and strokes.  I 'm having lots of problems coming off the Strattera.  My doctor is not willing to help with a medication change.Doctors don 't know what it is like to experience the problems of ADHD and what we go through.
I recently had surgery to remove pilonidal sinus and was prescribed Clarithromycin as my stitches opened and it became infected. I thought I was going crazy! First two days weren 't too bad just the horrid taste and sick feeling then after 4 I had heart palpitations and stomach cramps. I have two days left I feel like I 'm being poisoned it won 't let me sleep my heart beats too fast and I 'm short of breath! Also before I found this thread I spent a day crying and depressed I thought I 'd gone mad and developed depression anxiety an eating disorder and insomnia over night thank god I 'm not the only one! Also I 've suffered from insomnia on and off for years so cheers give someone who struggles to sleep pills that keep you awake! never again!
I was given Levofloxacin 500 mg for a sinus infection.  I 'm on my 4th day of taking this med and I have been having nausea, headache,  body ache....not sure I want too continue as read all the side effects!
Didn 't even touch my migraine. I 've tried just about everything for chronic severe migraines, including daily propranolol, Imitrex, Maxalt, narcotics, etc. Only Midrin has helped.  Ran out and tried this. Didn 't help. Didn 't notice any side effects.
I 've had the mirena since December 2nd 2014 &amp; was told that it would help with my heavy periods and cramps. So far I 've never had a shorter period, I and now I 'm experiencing the same thing before the mirena. Don 't know what to do now and Dr doesn 't want to remove it.
I started it last Saturday , by Tuesday evening , I gained 5.4 pounds, had to stop it. I was watching what I eat and I am a tennis player. Could it be my thyroid medication , I take lithoviroxine .75It did curb appetite a bit  . I need to lose 20 pounds
I had regular periods the first year and this July will be be the 3rd year and I 've been on the birth control nexplanon but I 've bleeding for 3 to 4 weeks straight  each month with no one day stop no breaks at all, I feel weak all the time, constant breast pain , and constant back pain
Used it for one night, had nightmares all night, restless, tense, weird taste in my mouth....YIKES.Longer story:  Used Ambien for almost a year then needed something to last all night.  Had to try Lunesta before insurance would cover Ambien CR.  Tried it for one night and it really was that bad.  I was so happy to see it was time to wake up in the morning so it would stop.
Awful! I feel like I 've had a flu for days... I 've been vomiting, dizzy, shaky, run down, not been able to sleep, and had a sore throat since I started taking this. It is NOT worth all the side effects!
DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG! I am a 21 year old female and I started taking accutane when I was 18 years old. I had suffered from severe acne since I hit puberty. I stayed on Accutane for 7 months. Side effects while on the drug included: Severe dry skin (could not dry myself with a towel or my skin would peel off, had to pat dry), the first couple months my hands were red and it looked like I had scales like a fish, I had dry lips, headaches, and mood swings. Three months after getting off, I was walking in a hall and my hip popped. I am now recovering from my 3rd hip surgery. The doctors have no idea what caused my hip issues being that I have had NO health problems. EVER. If I could go back no amount of clear skin is worth all this pain.
This med made him permanently impotent.
I just started taking this pill for heavy very crampy monthly periods.  I am on my second pack and I 've had my period for 12 days but no cramping which is great. It has made the bleeding a lot less but longer. Some days all I need is a panty liner which I could never do before this pill. Other than that, I have had no headache, acne or weight gain.
This made me tired and lethargic.  I became so tired I didn%u2019t even want to have sex.  Not to popular with the wife.  My symptoms of having to urinate all the time did not go away.  I work for a living and being tired all day does not cut it.
I was going for my first colonoscopy &amp; my   Split Peg Prep Instructions were to drink 8 glasses of water  the day before, then take 4 Dulcolax, with water, followed by half the prep and the remaining prep the day of the colonoscopy. The Prep drink, although a lot of it and the colonoscopy were a piece of cake compared to the Dulcolax. Within an hour of taking the Dulcolax I felt out of it and then really dizzy. Then the hot sweats, followed by cold sweats and shaking. And cramps. Lasted around 4hrs. Never again. I do have to say this is the first time I have ever taken any form of laxative.
Most horrible side effects: Bitter taste in mouth even hours after administration, balance problems, confusion, surroundings seem unreal, like walking in a dream ( not a good one) concentration problems, general malaise, not able to eat anything but oatmeal and mashed potatoes. Extreme weight loss.  Had to stop after 11 doses. Stomach worse then before.I have to add that I also had Amoxicillin and Protonix at the same time, maybe the combination was at fault for this extreme reaction.
Took 3mg before bed. Woke up wet from sweat, extremely weak and with severe stomache pain.
I can 't really rate the drug itself, since I 've never taken it. I don 't even meet the criteria to be on it, that of the maker or of my insurance.But, the pulmonologist was pushing me to get on it. He called me on the phone, but only told me the name, and that the insurance would cover it. I looked it up,  I 've only been in the hospital once for asthma, for 2 days, in my life (at 60), no ER trips for it for years, not on ICS because I can 't use them due to severe side effects in me. I told him he must be thinking of another patient. Then he tried using the result of the IgE test, and fact I have pets, which I don 't even react to. He  exaggerated everything about my history. Some sort of Kickback is all I can figure, here. 
About 33 years ago, I was diagnosed with anxiety/depression. Was put on Paxil, and it was brought to my attention, that they actually made me worse...more agitated. As I read these posts, I wonder &quot;sure wish it worked for me, like that!! Need less to say, all these years later, my anxiety is thru the roof...HATE groups or crowds of people...I pretty much either go to work or stay in the house, on days off. Makes me nervous to be around people I don 't know. Call me crazy, its like a phobia, and I think it 's their stupidity!  I 'm not prefect, by ANY means....but my word, people these days!
I was put on the Nexplanon after forgetting to renew my depo shot several times. On Depo-Provera I never bled and was extremely excited to try the Nexplanon. It has been 5 months and I am ready to tear it out of my arm myself. I have bled constantly, and heavily, for almost all 5 months save for one week in September and one in December. Normally my periods lasted 3 days with light flow. Now I am constantly bleeding through my tampons within the first 3-4 hours and cannot trust myself to not wear a tampon when it seems it have stopped lest I wake up with ruined clothes and sheets.
My husband switched Rheumy 's &amp; the new doc felt Remicade was not longer controlling his AS as his C-spine has started to fuse.  After 3 months of talking up the benefits of Cosentyx my husband made the switch.  Worse decision ever. Quality of life is horrible, he lives in his recliner once again. Back pain severe. Joints swollen, which never happened before. And the worst part 3 bouts of upper respiratory infections, last one is now pneumonia.  Doc says at first not the Cosentyx...but it 's a side effect I say. Duh.  Very disappointed.  Hope he can restart Remicade.
I have always suffered from having heavy periods, I have tried nuvaring a nothing happened I tried an iud and it slipped out during the first month. I went back to my dr, and she suggested seasonique but a generic brand.. I did and it worked for one month. Then I started to bleed heavier than I have ever bled before. I can 't go out of the house for long periods of time because my flow is so heavy now I leak through a super tampon and an overnight pad  I have been this way for 15 days and my dr. Said I just have to wait it out. Iam not going to do that I stopped taking the pills and iam hoping this flow will slow down and stop sometime soon. I do not recommend this pill at all.
I took Levaquin and think it should be banned.  I went to bed and had horrible racing thoughts...a terrible terrible experience.   My Dr. insisted I come to office when I called in the morning.I would have liked to rate it as 0 but I had to select and the only option was 1.    I will never take this family of drugs.
So let me start by saying that I 'm writing this as someone who I wish I had before I got my skyla. I went to get it today. I have been through a considerable amount of pain in my life. I 've been kicked by horses. I 've drowned and was found and said  to be &quot;dead&quot; but was resuscitated. I 've gotten 5 concussions and dislocated my shoulder been bucked off horses. I 've felt pain. Just about nothing compared to the pain of having this stupid piece of plastic   put in my body. If u have friend u love or family wanting to get this IUD simply forbid them. I 'm not saying this to scare u. I 'm saying this because I want to help u. It 's such a joke that birth control is this painful. And that people don 't warn u as much as they should. I was screaming
I took it for several days expecting pain relief but it didn 't do anything. My doctor told me I have osteoarthritis my pain is so bad that I literally cannot do anything, except lying down on my belly. I stop taking Meloxicam because was useless for my pain and it makes my stomach upset.I did better with Tylenol and homeopathic pills.
Used it twice a day for several months and it did nothing to help reduce the redness or bumps. It cost 80$ as well, and that was with 80 percent covered.
I had a love/hate relationship with the implanon. I had it for 2 years but had to have it removed because I couldn 't handle the side effects anymore. Totally does the job of preventing you from getting pregnant and loved not having to remember taking it but OMG! The first year was great I didn 't get my period at all but the second one was horrible. I would get my period for months and had to wear a tampon everyday. It gave me mood swings and I felt like I was on an emotional roller coaster, not to mention the 25lbs I gained :(  Just had it removed and I already feel much better.
I 've been using Climara-pro for 2 weeks (2 patches) and this morning I used the third patch. Yet the symptoms persist and I still suffer greatly from hot flashes and night sweats.
When I first started taking the medicine I experienced diarrhea as expected. My nausea began to get worse. I thought I would give it a chance and ride out the side effects. They started getting worse, I am four months into this. I have been very sick because of this medicine, I went 3 days without being able to hold a meal down without vomiting. I have lost 15 pounds since starting. This medicine reacted badly with me, the bad outweighs the bad for me. I hope no one else has to go through this.
Abreva did not work and I believe caused them to spread on my lower lip. I have 6 different sores on my whole bottom lip in different stages. I 'm 33 and I don 't normally use abreva but I 'm out of town so I bought it in a pinch. I 've never experienced this spreading before in this degree. I will never use abreva again.
Horrible side effects.
I have been on Microgestin for 4 months now and I hate it. I have not found a birth control yet that doesn 't screw up my period which I use to be able to count on every 30th or so of the month. This is my 3rd birth control. Mood swings, depression, sadness, lower sex drive, increase appetite and oh yeah a whole lot of bleeding. My period is completely out of wack. I tried to skip ONE period. Well it worked. But then out of no where I bled for 19 days straight (not light bleeding either). I don 't know what to do! My body hates birth control.  My mom said that it was like that for her as well. Not sure what to try next.
Still have pain and I itch all day and night.
I 've been bloated as of late and decided to take not 1, not 2 but 3 tablets thinking, &quot;hm, why not?&quot; And that was one of the worst decisions of my 24 years of existence. The party didn 't start until 8 hours in when I woke up feeling nauseous. I decided to take some nauzene and suck it up and drive the 30 minutes to work. Little did I know that a short 2 hours later, the real fun would begin. It started as cramping, like my insides were on fire. I tried ginger ale but alas, it failed me for the first time ever. I scurried to the facilities where I seriously thought I would meet my end. The cramping, bloating and unimaginable diarrhea was not in the least bit appreciated. But, I had to give it 5 stars because it did &quot;technically&quot; do its job.
Worst Acne Breakouts!!! I started this birth control a month ago and my face started breaking out the first week. At first, I didn 't really think it was the birth control until weeks later when the acne got even worse. I contacted my doctor and haven 't used the birth control for over a week now and my face is still breaking out. Hopefully my face will begin to clear up in a couple of weeks, once the birth control is completely out of my system.
...If I could give this a zero, I would. I started taking Sprintec when I was 18, and I took it religiously-never missed a day. It switched to Previfem when I was 22, I think. The long and short of this review is, now I have a two month old baby. Remember that &quot;never missed a day&quot; thing? Yeah, that continued well into my unknown pregnancy... As did my period. I took note of feeling like garbage, gaining weight around my stomach, not being able to handle smells I had always been around and figured I might as well take a test, and it came out positive. By the time it was confirmed, I had already been pregnant for three months, which is too late to terminate if you or the baby 's health is not in jeopardy. So yeah, not that great for me.
In 3 days, I felt better. Titrated to 40mg. The medicine turned evil. My heart pounding with strong palpitations.  As I was falling asleep, had feeling of leaving my body &amp; hovering over myself being awake in a horrifying world that seemed absolutely real. Sleep paralysis. Dr. added beta-blocker for heart. Gained 21lbs in 6wks. Decided to stop it. Dr. said go from 40-20. I couldn 't do that suddenly-I needed to go down slowly.  I went from 40-30mg. Night terrors lessened. Went to 25, then 20. Felt good at 20; heart calmed down for a few days. Thought I 'd stay at 20 but then the evil again. 18, 15, 10, 5, 3mg. It 's taken over a month to come off it. 1st day without it. Feel down &amp; edgy. Started Wellbutrin.  
I am 34 years old.  and originally started this for Depression &amp; anxiety. Panic attacks I started this medication when I  was 20 years old. Yes I have been on it that long!! This medication is severely addictive - it should be banned. I feel dt 's so so hard 2 get off. I have tried so many times. I get brain zaps, sweats, panic attacks, hot flushes, dizziness, paranoia, tiredness, anger  to be honest first couple years I felt was a miracle drug as I was confined to my bedroom at home. Once started taking this it did help me to move into my own place.  Over years I have tried to get off it. And in that process I get so down it 's that bad. I be so paranoid can 't have kids around me. Thank god my Dr now helping me and I now take buspirone. And slowly coming of paroxetine. Feel have better support now.
My husband started using Spiriva last Wednesday. He was breathing easier but by Sunday, then he began having crushing tightness in his chest, difficulty breathing, pulse rates of 111, high blood pressure and chest pain. We took him to the ER because we thought he was having a heart attack. It turned out to be a severe allergic reaction to Spiriva. He won 't be using it anymore. He also had dry mouth and difficulty urinating which are also side effects.
I was on this drug for a month. I am one of those people who hate being on medication (prefer natural alternatives)--but my doctor strongly recommended me to give it a shot. I felt different instantly. My body would feel &quot;numb&quot; I guess that 's the best way to describe it. I was feeling very very down the first two weeks. My temper was short, I got angry at everything, and I was worse than I was before starting the medication. I had absolutely no sex drive at all. The medication was taking a toll on my marriage. Ever since I stopped it, I feel amazing. Sticking to yoga and meditation!! Glad it works for some people though!
I have had a toenail fungus for 10  years on 1 big toenail. I finally decided to try the generic Lamisil after refusing to take it from hearing about possible liver damage. After taking it for 2 weeks I developed an itchy, red, bumpy rash on my back, chest, and neck. I am now using a prescription steroid cream on my skin for the next 2 weeks to help with this rash! I guess there 's no hope in getting rid of this fungus. My dermatologist said to try Vick 's Vaporub everyday 2x day to see if that helps...
If i could rate this a zero, I would. I have suffered with painful periods since seventh grade and finally went on the pill two months ago. I have had near perfect skin my entire life and my skin is so terrible now that even my mother who is the type to say it 's not the bad is extremely concerned. My breasts are also extremely sore and I have been spotting so bad that I have to wear a pad, not even a pantie liner. My doctor is not even telling me to stick out the next month, I switching pills next week at the start of my next period. Do not do this to yourself, especially if you have clear skin to start with.
It worked for around 20 minutes to settle me but otherwise was ineffective, it was a sedative too, needed more and more as tolerance came on thick and fast.
Was give flowmax on Monday to help with frequent trips to bathroom. On Tuesday my tooth started hurting so I went to the Dentist only to be sent home with hope that it will just go away. The pain got worse and so intense that Thursday I went back to the Dentist who said he could see no reason for the pain so sent me to a specialist dentist 100 miles from my house.  I had xrays hot and cold treatments and was sent home with more pain pills.I ONLY TOOK  TWO FLOMAX PILLS, ONE MONDAY AND ONE TUESDAY .ON THE DRIVE HOME MY PAIN STARTED TO GO AWAY .I CALLED THE DR THAT GAVE ME THE FLOMAX HE SAID STOP CAN CAUSE TOOTH PAIN.
Knowing I am very reluctant to pill taking in general, my doctor pushed Actonel on me saying  ' 'now don 't give it up after a few months !&quot;I persevered for 10 months. I used to be very active, exercising everyday, talking long walks, realizing I have aged 10 years in those ten months. I did some research on the net and understood where my problems came from. Aching everywhere, stiff, tired ... I stopped.
My son was on this drug for about 4 months and the worst things happened.  He went from mild acne to the worst acne one can imagine.  It was horrible huge cystic acne.  We went to the doctor month after months with disgust in how bad his face got.  Eventually I pulled the plug and brought him to another doctor who agreed after showing him pictures that this drug was detrimentally ruining his skin.  He switched him to clarvis and within a couple of weeks it was clearing up.  My son 's self esteem was detrimentally affected along with his skin. He will now need to have some type of resurfacing done to get his skin back.  We have pictures to prove what this did to his skin!!
I purchased this tube in 2014 and it worked, come 11/2015 I felt the tingling and put this on immediately in the morning when I noticed everytime I noticed the ointment penetrated my lip so about 6x through out the day. I will never use this again because it made it worse; the bottom half of my is completely swollen. I thought maybe it expired but not till 8/2016. I think the expiration time is wrong. I should 've just stuck my old lemon and salt method it would 've been gone in 2 days. Never re purchasing. Waste of $18
I was prescribed Zuboxone but my insurance covered Zubsolv instead. From the first time I felt tremors and told my Dr. He prescribed increasing the dosage and it got worse. It felt like I was trembling from my core along with anxiety. I just was switched to buprenorphine alone and can 't believe how much improved I am. I wouldn 't recommend Zubsolv.
-- Initial ramp up weeks made me sleepy and very &quot;cloudy&quot;. Good luck if you manage a team at work or have a detailed oriented job.-- The &quot;best&quot; period lasted for a couple of months. Sleeping was normal and I felt pretty &quot;clear-headed&quot;. However, it made my emotions &quot;neutral&quot; to almost everything. Like a cardboard cut-out of the real me. No laughing at jokes. No &quot;natural&quot; sense of urgency when the situation called for one. -- Then the side-effects really kicked in. I would get dizzy when standing up. Then dizzy just sitting up in bed. I recall I read something about it can mess with your blood pressure. The &quot;gray cardboard cutout&quot; feeling got much stronger, plus I could not easily carry on a conversation during meetings.
I have always been 110-112 lbs, and then after starting Jolessa, almost immediate weight gain of 7-8 lbs even though I am still just as active and eat very healthy.  My sex drive is non-existent now since these awful pills.  The only reason I went on them in the first place is to get my period every 3 months.  Well it took me at least 7 months for that to happen bc the first few months I still got my period every single month and the spotting lasted for weeks at a time.  I also have no patience anymore and can easily snap when this would have been totally out of character for me.  I am switching back to my previous birth control this month finally.
Biggest waste of $100 I ever spent. This medication made me SO hungry 24/7 I would eat everything in front of me all day! I felt like I was on a strong steroid and it even got to the point I would toss and turn all night still hungry. I tried it for 18 days straight thinking it took a little while to become effective and gained 6lbs before I stopped. I also spoke with 2 other people who tried it (1 of them a doctor) and they both had the same experience. Wish I could get my money back
This was my 2nd colonoscopy. 1st 10 yrs ago. Prep was a piece of cake back then. Used Movi-prep this time &amp; it was horrible. Too much liquid for a petite woman, bloated like a dead fish &amp; did not work that well. Horrible taste!!  Never using this one again. Glad it is &quot;behind&quot; me now!!
My doctor scheduled me to get Mirena today and wanted to read the reviews I 've used Norplant way back in 1993-1998. Hated it so nothing in my arms and no depo. Pill I tried wasn 't working for what I needed. Since I smoke I can 't use many pills. Hoping it works out for me. I 'll update after its in.
DO NOT SWITCH! If you already takin Stribild like I was than FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DO NOT SWITCH! DO NOT RISK IT! i was diagnosed last year started on Striblid luckily with minimal side effects! everything was going well except for my back spasms which is no biggie compaired to what I experienced with this new pill About a month ago my Dr. Suggested I switch I decided to go ahead since this is suppoused to be a lighter version of Stribild and just as effective well turned out its not! At least not for me! Not sure if it has to do with ethnicity or age but this new pill made me remember what it feels like to be in laying on a death bed! I felt like I was back in square one I really did give it a chance but it just wasn 't for me.
This pill caused me to feel like I was PMSing all the time 24-7. Even when things were going great I was depressed ALL THE TIME. I didn 't know why but finally figured out it was the medicine after about 2 weeks of taking it the symptoms are just not worth it. Plus it caused my acne to come back and get dry skin, no matter how much lotion I used and what I used.
I hope that it is keeping me from having cancer with all the problems that it is causing.  I had stage 2 grade 2b breast cancer and had a mastectomy followed by 6 months of chemo and 6 weeks of daily radiation.  I really didn 't have that much side affects from chemo and radiation.  But being on the Letrozole has been a pain.  the fatigue is getting to me.  I might as well go into hibernation for 5 years.  I sleep all the time.  It is very hard to focus on my job where I am a manager.  I have a lot of joint pain and I am trying glucomine juice.  Someone else told me about loins juice.  Does anyone have any ideas on what to do about the fatigue?  I take the pill at night, but I can not get out of bed in the morning.
Don 't do it. Stop taking it!
This has been the worst experience ever...at first everything was great. I didn 't get my period for about 6 months or so. I have now had my period for 7 months straight...BLEEDING EVERY SINGLE DAY!!! I went to get it removed but the doctor told me that oral birth control could help regulate the bleeding so I tried that approach but after a full month of taking oral bc pills I am still bleeding. It has made me feel embarrassed on numerous occasions and it 's very frustrating that the folks at planned parenthood never mentioned this could be a side effect. UGH. Yes, it is effective, I haven 't gotten pregnant. But honestly I would rather not even use protection...that 's how upset I have been with this implant.
I have been off Tri-Sprintec for two weeks now and I feel like myself again. I was extremely moody towards my husband for the last 9 months. I just feel happier. The pill was effective though because I didn 't get pregnant. I also didn 't have any weight gain and my skin was fine. Just be aware that you can become very emotional and irritable after taking this pill. I 'll be looking for another contraceptive that doesn 't do that to my body.
My Doctor is bad and suggested this medicine. I 've tried lots of different ones nothing has helped in 10 yrs. She stated it would help my pain , hot flashes and menopause. I came home took a 37.5  mg at 8pm and by 11 pm I was sick -  my stomach hurt so bad  I vomited and  I was hot / cold , my pupils were dilated ,  I could not control my emotions or my stomach , I threw up againe.  I 've been a nervous wreak for 36 hrs.  I woke up with a terrible  right side headache, muscle ache in my jaw or my right eye, feeling sick to my stomach.  I only took 1 pill its the worst medication , ever , I 've been on lots of meds , but nothing has ever done this. I do not recommend this pill to anyone.  I 'm just trying to get it out of my system , please read all reviews before you try it.
I went to my Doc after six weeks of giving birth. He introduced copper T to me which I gladly accepted. After the insertion I bled for almost two weeks with mild cramping. Everything was fine afterwards no fear of getting pregnant. Just  four months later I started gaining uncontrollable weight and the worst is my stomach part .l look five month pregnant. Tomorrow I will go to my Doc to take it out.
i have had nexplanon since june 2015. i absolutely hate it. It was fine for the first month and has been way better than the depo, however everytime i eat im bpoated to the point where i look pregnant. i also am tired all the time, like literally i have lost all motivation and have brrn able to sleep for 15 hoyrs straight wake up and still take a nap.  constantly forcing myself to stay awake. i have only have spotting which lasted abouy a good 2 weeks which wasnt bad . also has caused a lot of anxiety and depression
With the old inhalers you could test fire it to make sure it was working. Now, how do you tell? I&rsquo;ve used rescue inhalers for many years. The key word here is rescue. When I have an attack lose the ability to breathe deeply. When I use the ProAir RespiClick I can sometimes taste it on my tongue, just like with my old inhaler but I don&rsquo;t get relief. The instructions say you have to wait over 5 minutes to get relief, but the medicine never seems to kick in. My doctor recommended this especially since there was a coupon.
Norflex has affected  my speech. Sometimes I  can 't get  the words  out of my  mouth
I had this put on at the beginning of July and have been bleeding ever since! It has made me so emotional and snappy and also caused my skin to become dry and sore! Sounds like a good idea at the time but is definitely not worth all the hassle it causes! Getting it taken out asap and would not recommend to anybody!!
Been taking it for 6 years initially for depression then anxiety and stress and it 's one of the worst things to happen to me. Constant eczema where my skins gets very itchy and sore that I have scars all over, constipation is probably the worst as I 've had periods of vomiting to stomach being sore and bloated, blurred vision, it 's addictive contrary to what doctors say as I have been trying to get off it for 2 years slowly and been admitted to hospital twice in that time for substance abuse relating to endep. Doctors can 't understand why I have been on it for so long. Take mine at night as you get drowsy of a day on higher than 50mg (most I taken was 75mg) now on 10mg and still get constipation.
NEVER EVER take these. I took the reccomend dose of 3 before I went to bed around 10:30 p.m about 1 a.m. I started having severe stomach stomach pain and nausea. I had to get a trash can the nausea was that bad. I laid in bed doubled over in pain for about an hour and then thankfully was able to nod off to be rudely awakend to horrific stomach cramps almost as bad as giving birth to my having contractions. It 's was like 4:30 a.m. . I had horrible diarhea. I went back to bed and five minutes later I had to jump up to go again. Then again and again and again. Here it is about 5:30 a.m. and I 'm on my bathroom floor sweating feeling like I 'm dying. I almost considered going to the ER the side effects are that bad. If you don 't want to feel like you 're dying then please save yourself and do not take these and suffer. These are horrible. I can 't believe these are over the counter.
Confusion, lethargy, diarrhea, hyperchloremia, CO2 16, nausea, dizziness
I was taking Yaz for about 6-7 months and had great results with decreased acne and shorter menstrual periods. However, the more I read about the drug, the more concerned I became about some of the side effects other people were having. However, I am not the type of person to imagine that side effects are happening to me. I have always tolerated most medications pretty well. So I thought everything was going well with Yaz. About 6-7 months into it, I started noticing that I was having a lot of muscle twitching. It was subtle at first but then it was constant. I finally went to my doctor and she said that I most likely had increased potassium, causing an electrolyte imbalance. (Which can be very dangerous if untreated). Hope this helps.
I began Celexa after having a bad experience on Prozac. I did not see immediate results but I did see some improvement. The side effects were terrible! I had extremely vivid dreams that caused me to be very tired and hard to wake. I had decreased sex drive and lots of problems with memory loss. 
did not really help with back pain.
Side effects, side effects, side effects!!!!Rapid weight gain, headaches, fainting, cholesterol raised to high levels, severe abdominal cramping
Made migraines a lot worse and sunk me into worst depression. I guess it works for some people. 
I have been on this for a month and a half. Until reading the reviews I did not realize why I have been so angry, moody, and depressed. I did not even think about that as a side effect. I have had a period for two weeks, I am soo mad. I started the pill to have sex, not be able to. I also leave for a cruise in a few days. I am sooo mad.
Took 3 tablets at 11,  woke up at 3am with extreme abdominal pain.  Ran to toilet and remained there for 1.5 hours writhing in pain with diarrhea and vomiting.  Had to call in sick to work and am still feeling unwell nearly 24 hrs later.  Throwing out the rest of the packet.
pain doc just switched me to nucynta ER 150 mg - twice daily...after making the rounds of other meds. I was on 4mg dilaudid before this - morphine, oxycodone - all losing some of their effect after a while; but, they ALL worked better than this tapentadol stuff. I am a cancer survivor with a host of other conditions - arthritis, carpal tunnel, cervical neuropathy and lower back pain. Not only is it having no effect on the pain - I can 't sleep - have pounding headache and now can 't urinate at all (enlarged prostate). don 't like this med at all...
If you want to torture yourself, than take this. Seriously, it is the second time that i get an infection, and the first time i took canesten 3 days treatement... this time i tought.. hey why not try this one instead, the pharmacien said it could cure it too.... BIG MISTAKE... my VaJayJay was literally on fire... it has been 4hrs since i took the first pill, and it is still burning... it is unbearable... the itching got 100X worst than the infection itself... it shouldnt be in the market... pure poison...
I developed an outer ear infection after a month of daily swimming. I was in a lot of pain and went to the doctors which prescribed these drops. With insurance it still cost me $60 out of pocket. Which I would have been more than happy to pay if it had helped relieved the pain. However, my pain is worse now. The drops have only made the pain 10x worse. I 'm now on day 4th and have decided to stop using them going back to the doctors for an alternative. I 'm really bummed out as we leave on vacation this Sunday and the pain is unbearable.
If I could give this a -10 stars...I would. I had a lung infection recently which landed me in the Doctor and placed on both steroids and antibiotics. I 'm well versed in the fact that antibiotics can often cause BV or yeast infections but honestly had forgot about that side affect. I wound up with a yeast infection where the primary symptom was a terrible itch. I purchased the Monistat 1 and that did absolutely nothing. So the next day I purchased the generic 3-day Miconazole. HOLY MOLY!!! The itch and burn that this product produced was worse than when I had chicken pox!  No matter what I did the itch was the most intense thing I 've ever felt in my life. I ended up showering this all off of me!
I had a bad experience with this. I felt dizzy, very anxious, and only slept 5-6 hours a night. I took for 2 weeks and today called my Dr. to share this. This medicine is not for me and made my depression/anxiety worse.
Took one tablet at 10pm last night and I woke at 2am with the worst cramps I have ever had. Last year I gave birth without pain relief and honestly the cramps were close to the pain if had then. I was shaking, I was hot and came close to collapsing I was so weak and dizzy. Yes I did go to the toilet but I would rather be constipated than have to go through that again. It 's now 8am the next day and after having hardly any sleep I still feel sick and weak
I 've just finished round 4 of Avastin /doxil.. I have developed painful swelling of my fingers with blisters. Is there any treatment for this? I also have mouth sores. I take L-glutimine, gabapentin and cymbalta. I 'm in agony and feel as if I 'm being tortured..
This was prescribed for binge eating as I have mood disorder and I need to lose weight. The binge eating was causing me to go over my calorie plan. I have taken it for over 6 months. I have worked up to 200 mg a day. Never had any side effects and no help with appetite either.
Got skyla inserted  on Nov 19 and have been in intense pain along with the worst cramps I 've ever felt in my life ever since. Going on day 4 and have had no relief. Motrin 800 MG will not touch this pain . This actual insertion is terriblly painful and this pain is ridiculous . Will keep you in the bed for days or even months ! Choose wisely when looking at BC .
Straight Forward, the worst thing I could have chosen. Bled for 2 months straight and caused harsh pain in my arm with horrible bruising. It was effective in preventing pregnancy, but the negatives were too much. Glad I got rid of it...
Been taking nitrofurantoin for a little less than 24hrs and already I feel anxious nauseous and heavy depression. But to be fair I haven 't been taking them with food in me considering I have a loss of appetite due to my UTI. This is my second UTI and I don 't remember me having severe side effects like the one 's I 'm experiencing with this pill. I 'm gonna give it another day and if my symptoms don 't get better then I 'll be calling in for another prescription.
I am on birth control but take it very sporadically so when I had sex about two months ago and the condom broke I went out right away and got plan b. My first period came and went normally but for my last one I only spotted for one day. Now I am freaking out and am due for my next period in a week and a half and I might end up getting a pregnancy test before then because I am really scared I might be pregnant and the side effects don 't say anything about messing with your second period after taking the product.
I was put on Depakote ER and Celexa for depression and anxiety.  My mood and depression were helped and it knocked out my migraine headaches completely.  I experienced so many horrible side effects though. I gained 50 pounds in the six months I was on this, I lost my hair, I developed tremors that have not completely subsided, I had horrible stomach problems, heartburn, it made me extremely lethargic, libido was gone. This was just my experience with Depakote and if it weren 't for all of the side effects I would have stayed on this medication.  Hope this helps.
I have PCOS and have done for nearly 20 yrs Periods lucky if I had one a year then started to have irregular bleeds Was sent for biopsy and scan results showed complex focal hyperplasia Gyn but me on provera 3 daily I am now entering my 5 th week of really heavy bleeding and large cots along me depressed tired and ruling my life Was talk of hysterectomy but I 'm petrified of such a major op any help will be gladly appreciated
Unfortunately, I saw zero results. No change/help with appetite. No decreased cravings. Basically, no change with anything. Dry mouth and horrible insomnia were my side effects. I already suffer with sleep disturbances and I literally would only sleep a few hours a night while taking contrave. I tried it for two months and the cost is outrageous- $250 a month with a coupon. Hope it does help some folks- just didn 't work at all for me.
Tried the monostat one, and later in the day, the burn gets intense! I 've used this product before in the past but never effected me this way before. I used organic virgin coconut oil to help relieve the pain and burn, and it 's helped  tremendously! Coconut oil Naturally contains 3 different fatty acids (Caprylic Acid, Capric Acid, Lauric Acid) that have each been found to be effective against the Candida yeast. Cold compress does help a little too.
I ALMOST DIED FROM LORZONE!!! Who ever took samples to a Pain Doctor 's office knowing it can KILL you if you take other pain medicines with this KILL. I was not told this, I was just told to take two 750mg tablets a day. I swelled up in the face, hands and legs. I became so sick I had dark urine and could not eat as all I could do was throw up and have coffee ground diarrhea. I WAS GIVEN SAMPLES FROM A PAIN DOCTOR! No information was on the boxes! Before you take this make sure it goes with all your medicines you are on or you could DIE! (check your drug interactions) I MAY NEVER BE THE SAME. Who ever gave those samples to a pain Doctor 's office they are trying to kill people!!  I can not tell you how many days I took the samples as I lost my MEMORY! I called the company they are to blame for this in my book!
I had a severe allergic reaction within 1 1/2 hours of taking my first dose.  Pounding heartbeat, redness and fainted for the first time in 57 years of life.  I was rushed to the hospital and given steroids and Benadryl to counteract the effects.  My blood pressure dropped from a normal 135/80 to 90/45. 
I was on Yaz for two years and I had no problem with it, but my mom and gyno who doesn 't even know me decided it caused mood changes for me and changed me to Loestrin 24Fe. I 've been taking it for two weeks and its horrible. I 'm having cramps randomly through out the month and light bleeding that is is completely random and I 've been taking the pill every day at the same time. Before I started I had COMPLETELY finished my period. This is horrible, and I have noticed my acne getting a little worse but I never connected it to the birth control until now. I need to go back to Yaz. I guess maybe if Yaz doesn 't work for you then this will.
I started 10 mg once a day 2 weeks ago for hbp of 160/90. From day one, I had severe headaches. Then I started getting aches and pains, kind of flu like feelings. Then the muscle cramps started. Now for 4 days, I have been vomiting and have almost zero urine output even though I am making myself drink 120 oz of water a day. I never thought of this medicine causing these side effects until my husband asked me if it could be whats causing me to feel bad. So, as of today, I emailed my Dr and I am stopping Lisinopril after looking up all the side effects. I 'll deal with the hbp!
Did nothing for me. 
This pill is not the best for me. Before going on it about 5 months ago, I had worked very hard to lose 20lbs, just to gain 15 of it back in about 2.5 to 3 months, with no real change in diet. I was even working out every day! The weight just will not go away.  My mood has been unstable, not out of control, but very hit and miss. I have developed dark spots on my face which are very embarrassing, as well as acne. My hair is brittle and breaks and so do my nails. The only &quot;perk&quot; is that my boobs have gotten bigger, but they were pretty large to begin with, so that is really only good for my boyfriend. I have an appointment to change my pill TODAY!
I have been on opioids for about 5 plus years for chronic pains... After a couple of years of using miralax(joke), and several herbal blends and stool softeners.... I asked my dr for help... He gave me Linzess 290mcg ... I 've been taking it on an empty stomach in the mornings for 2 weeks, and I haven 't even noticed I 've taken anything... Except for a little bloating.Linzess should NOT be given for OIC (opiod indused constipation) As it is useless. I will be asking for something else... Maybe relistor? It has preloaded injectables now.Has anyone had any experience with it? I 'm desperate!!!! The worse my constipation the worse my body pains are. I 'm convinced it 's related. I have fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, neuromyofascial pain,etc.
I was prescribed Lyrica 4 days ago to help with my fibromyalagia I am to take 1 pill at bedtime for 5 days increase my dose to 1 in the morning as well. I 've been taking it at night and experienced  involuntary tremors, muscle spasms, twitching of my fingers, arms and legs.The twitching is scary! It 's involuntary, I have no control of my body when this happens. My leg started twitching and it stuck straight up, waking me from a deep sleep! The twitching and tremors linger all day.  Lyrica caused severe swelling in my feet,ankles and legs.  It 's very uncomfortable.  I also experienced loss of balance, dizziness, blurred vision and ulcer sores on my tongue and in my mouth. I felt far better before taking this medicine. Needless to say I 'm no longer taking it.
I had been on Coumadin for over 10 years and thought Pradaxa would be a God send. However, within a few months of taking it I began to have bad stomach pain and digestive issues. My internist diagnosed me with a peptic ulcer and urged me to consult with my cardiologist about stopping the Pradaxa and going back on Coumadin, which I did. In the 3 months since I have discontinued Pradaxa I am still getting over the stomach/digestive issues (which I have never had before in my life) and am getting my blood PT/INRs back to normal as well.
This drug actually does wonders for insomnia. I took 1 mg at bedtime. Then the doctor abruptly stopped it and sent me into orbit. I didn 't get over 2 hr sleep a night for practically and entire month. It 's addictive I think. But what is worse is it may cause Alzheimer 's disease if used over 6 months. I still had to go back on it to get sleep. I 'm in the process of tapering off and getting sleep therapy. This is a very dangerous drug to only be used under 3 months.
I just had the implant removed after 6 months of awful mood swings, 3-week-long periods, dizziness, morning sickness symptoms, insomnia, and heightened anxiety. I spent a lot of money on pads since I was constantly bleeding and sex drive went down because of it. I also had strange cravings throughout the month and often felt bloated. The only good thing I can say about it is that I didn 't get pregnant. Even the removal of the implant was complicated, and I came home bruised and stitched up. Any ladies out there want to help me develop a male BC so guys can experience the hell we have to go through?!
I 've been taking this medication for 3 days now, and have had 0 side effects and 0 results. It almost seems as if I 'm taking a placebo. I will give it a full week but not expecting any results. Back to Linzess and 2 BMs per month....
Nothing but spotting headaches and dizziness!! Hate it can 't find anything suitable other than the implant :(
I came down with the flu while traveling for work, and a local clinic wrote me a prescription. The Dr told me it wouldn 't make me feel better but rather shorten the duration. I figured might as well try it. I 've stopped after 3 doses - awful diarrhea and nausea. I 'd rather let nature take its course than go through what I have for the last 10 hours.
I had been on warfarin for 15 yrs due to DVT in each upper arm 3 yrs apart. I was absolutely fine on it except INR was up and down due to healthy diet! Dr told me about this amazing wonder drug rivoroxban and that nothing interacted with it. So on her advice started taking it! Worse decision I ever made!!! fainting spells, I was admitted to A E with haemorrage of my uterus! Itching like you wouldn 't believe! This drug needs banning on women of child bearing age!!! Its dangerous! I have been on this drug exactly 4 months and have decided to go back on warfarin tomorrow!! I can 't wait. Never mend something thats not broken. There is no antidote for this drug yet! Its like walking round with a loaded gun! dangerous!
I am barley able to WRITE THIS!!!... SOO ITCHY!!  MY ENTIRE BODY IS COVERED IN GODDAMN RASHES THAT ARENT GOING AWAY AND ARE ITCHY AS HELL HEAD TO FING TOE...
This medication was awful. Despite only being 17 at the time so the doctor decided that I would be put on this medication for my depression I knew that there was a chance that this may cause my condition to deteriorate. I saw no improvements with the 10mg so my doctor increased this to 20mg. This is where it all went downhill. I developed full blown Panic disorder as I was having several panic attacks a day so I was unable to go to school. The medication increased my suicidal thoughts to the point where I was not sleeping at night due to constantly thinking of ways to kill myself. One day I nearly did attempt suicide so I had to be assessed by a Psychiatrist who put me on tranquilisers for a week then admitted me to a psychiatric unit.
I do not get anything - erection or hardness... no movement even with stimulation.  I do have a rash on my chest since taking it, and I do get a headache when I take Viagra (100mg/nightly for 4 weeks now).
I was put on Celexa for Depression, Bipolar as well as my OCD (Onsessive Compulsive Disorder). I start off taking 10mg and then later upgraded to 20mg but my experience wasn 't entirely the greatest. The Celexa aggravated my OCD ticks making them occur more frequently which automatically raised my level of anxiety and stress. I am always tired and feel like a complete zombie, I find it tiring to even laugh and smile. My appetite has increased drastically, I pretty much never stop eating. And it has really affected my bipolar making me very irritable. Ever since I 've been on Celexa I 've had many child-like tantrums where I have gotten physically violent. This pill wasn 't for me. I am currently still on Celexa but am being weened off of it.
Pain pain and more pain. Worked in about 1 hour ,but very painful.
I was started on Lexapro for Generalised Anxiety Disorder because the Xanax I 've been on for the past few years is now Schedule 8.  I have been on it for 10 days now and I hate the side effects so I will not be taking any more tomorrow.  I started out on 5mg for five days and felt nausea, intense headaches, excessive drowsiness, tremors and total lack of concentration.  Then I was advised to up the dose to 10mg and things are worse as I feel extremely anxious and haven 't left the house all weekend.  Another side effect is extreme muscle jerking through the night.  Definitely not for me.
I 've been using Qvar for about two weeks. I used Advair before for years, and though it was extremely effective in treating my asthma, it kept making me lose my voice, so my doctor suggested trying Qvar. I happen to be out of my Albuterol inhaler until I see my doctor later this week, so I 'm experiencing Qvar with no backup system, and I find it to be very ineffective against my asthma. I 'm using it twice a day, two puffs each time, as prescribed, and though it doesn 't make my asthma worse, it doesn 't appear to improve it either. Except for short spurts during the middle of the day, which might just be incidental. Anyway, I 'm going to ask my doctor for another alternative to Advair because Qvar 's just not working.
I took this for 3 days and felt like a zombie.Doctor gave me this to help me focus for school rather than a narcotic. Needless to say it didn 't help I feel like complete garbage. I have had a headache no appetite, insomnia, and hot flashes this stuff is awful! Im just going to be non focused rather than try and find something this isn 't worth it!
I 've lost 48lbs in Five months. I love it.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PILL...!!IF YOU HAVE ANY DOUBTS PLAY IT SAVE!!!THIS PILL gave me brain fog after only a few days... my pain INCREASED!!!! I was in so much pain my husband couldn 't touch me!! Pain from head to toe... when I stopped taking it, within one day I was back to my normal  fibromyalgia pain .., I was starting to think being dead would be better than feeling like that all the time !!BE VERY CAREFUL!!!
I was prescribed this because of heavy bleeding with my period because of a fibroid. At first I was amazed because as soon as my period started I took them and it stopped within a few hours or a day. Then I started bleeding again after two weeks. I took it again. Two weeks later, spotting again. Now my period was heavy, but it was predictable before megace. The only time I was ever late was when I was pregnant. But now, its all over the place, when I don 't take the megace at  the start of bleeding, it will be nonstop. I 've had  a light period for the past two weeks! Doesn 't work anymore and causes weight gain. I hate it.
My doc prescribed 40 mg at bedtime to shift my sleep cycle.  History of acute anxiety attacks w/ tachycardia, and essential tremor.  First dose I felt agitated, anxious, and my heart rate went up to 160.  It did not help me fall asleep any earlier, next day blurred vision and  'migraine aura '.  Things went downhill from there.  My doctor said to continue it for at least 4 weeks and the side effects would go away.  They did not - things continued to worsen.  The tremor increased to where I could not use the computer, headaches got worse, anxiety increased, I became irritable and angry, and my blood sugar went through the roof.  After 5 weeks I threw it away - blood sugar still high and tremor still worse after quitting a month ago.
Caused hyperactivity and cause me to gain weight and develop breasts.
I took this medicine for 3 years. The first 2 years were great. Less bleeding and basically no cramps. By the 3rd year though I developed severe anxiety, depression and mild kidney and liver problems as well as a racing pounding pulse and difficulty breathing. Several other of my friends have had some of the same problems. I would recommend it if you have severe cramps like I did. It was great. Just be sure to monitor yourself.
After taking Cymbalta for 3 weeks I had gradually started after week 1 to become very dizzy, rapid heart beats, anxiety, after week 2 the anxiety and panic attacks became severe, and the last day of taking it I felt like I was having a heart attack for 8 hours. It was after Cymblata had been out on the market for roughly one year a warning to Thyroid patients had been published , Hypothyroid Hoshimotos thyroiditis patient since 1989, since that time I am allergic to about 20 other medications used for fibromyalgia, myopathy, polyneuropathy, neuropathy, and so on. Another aspect with Cymbalta is that if your doctor is not up to education outside the representative selling this product then one could consider the patient mentally unstable.
I have IBS-C, milder than some people, but still not pleasant.  I took this before lunch, and after an hour and a half, I had diarrhea that kept me in the bathroom for about an hour.  I had no anxiety with it, but it was not pleasant not knowing how long it would last.   My IBS-C pain was gone, anxiety was gone, but I couldn 't do anything other than either sit on the toilet or not go very far from the bathroom.  Day 2 I actually tried to split the contents of the capsule in half, and I still had to stay near a bathroom for a few hours, but it wasn 't as intense, the pain was gone, but I had nausea.  I don 't feel that for me this medication is worth it.  I 'll just use magnesium if I need to flush my system.
DO NOT TAKE THIS. I BROKE OUT 3 months straight and threw up on my period. I was in terrible pain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I never had bad cramps in my life until taking this!!!!! LOST ALL MY CONFIDENCE BECAUSE OF THE ACNE IT GAVE ME. IM CURRENTLY SHAKING AND CRYING IN PAIN ON THE DAY OF MY BIRTHDAY BECAUSE IM ON MY PERIOD. IM DONE TAKING THIS. I GAVE IT THREE MONTHS LIKE DOCTOR SAID AND ITS RUBBISH!!!! I don 't know what to do know. Thinking about getting help for depression  and anxiety. Birth control is absolute rubbish!
I have been off Depot for almost 6 year so and I have several side effects from this shot that don 't think will ever go away. It has really messed me up in don 't know if anyone has the same issues I get severe migraines monthly and a rash that itches like no other where the injected the shot in my butt every month right before my period starts. It 's really annoying. I am wondering if anybody else is experiencing the same kinds of things that I am. I have a lot of pain in my hands I get tingling in my hands and my feet.
I 've been having constant bleeding or just huge blood clots since I got the shot 2 weeks ago. Also, it 's caused me the worst anxiety and depression I 've ever experienced in my life. I would not recommend this to anyone ever...
Throw this out!! I took one pill at about 7 pm. At 2 am I woke in the most severe pain and violently nauseated. I had dry heaves for 15 minutes but never had a bm. I will never do this again!
For the first year it worked well (apart from making me emotional, but so did the pill). In the second year of having it, I was always on my period. My longest period lasted over 4 months. My doctor prescribed me the pill to stop the periods, which meant double the hormones = double the psycho in me. I finally got it removed today (2 month wait for the appointment). Never again will I get something I can 't stop myself!
WARNING: Discontinuation Syndrome is the WORST I have ever experienced. I previously took a max dose of Zoloft and it took 6 months to titrate off the medicine. I have taken 37.5 mgs of Effexor the minimum dose (see my review under Depression) for 6 weeks and I have switched medicines and am still suffering daily &quot;brain zaps&quot;. My doctor 's concern is significant enough to re-prescribe Effexor to rid me of the residual withdrawal symptoms. 
I recently took a DNA test which determines which best antidepressantsâ€‹ that  your most compatible with since I 'm very extremely sensitive to meds and pristiq was listed in the green column that would give no side effects, yeah right after nearly giving this med a fair two months trial of hell being on this toxic chemical I 've encountered practically all the severe side effects reported from worsening depression of feeling hopeless and being in a thick fog everyday that made it almost impossible to hold a conversation and more like a robot, depersonalization / derealization, blurred vision along with seeing distorted objects and shapes that makes me sensitive to light, mood swings, horrible word finding difficulties,  this med ain 't me!
Developed flu like symptoms the evening after I took first and only dose. Soon after developed acute hives and ill feeling for several months then additionally turned jaundice. Went to GI and connected it to the minocycline.   Took 3-4 months to monitor and bring liver levels back to normal (they were elevated 16 x the norm).  Had similar situation 5 years back but hadn 't connected it to the minocycline at that time.  Had used the minocycline for a few months then. Must have developed severe reaction now to cause so much trouble with just one dose. Red Cross won 't accept my blood donations now.  Bad stuff. Don 't recommend it to anyone
I took this to stop abnormal bleeding. Was only supposed to take it for 7 days, then go back to the doctor. Literally on day 2 I quit and couldn 't do it anymore. I spent 2 hours having a panic attack and crying in my bed in the middle of the night for no reason whatsoever. Made me so sad, so miserable and depressed. I thought the mood swings would kill me. This was from TWO PILLS. I would rather die than live my life so unhappy. I 'm not exaggerating. The mood swings were not something I can handle. Wouldn 't wish it on my worst enemy.
So after having my second child and finishing nursing I was having major cramping the week of my period. Not debilitating, but extremely uncomfortable. My obgyn recommended seasonique more for hormone control than for birth control. I tried it and absolutely loved it for the 65 days. Then my period started earlier than I 'd anticipated, but no big deal, right? I 'm currently on day 18 of my period. Aside from the cramps and some genera moodiness my periods before lasted 4 days and weren 't a big deal. I 've now bought stock in tampax and Kotex. It 'll lighten up and then wham! Called my doctor and she 's switching me back to loestrin which previously did nothing to help with the cramps and moodiness, but at this point I 'll take it!
Horrible.  I started on 5mg.  I didn 't have any side effects until week 2.  I started to have worse anxiety and depression.  I often felt like driving my car into the river or throwing myself down the stairs.  I never had any feelings of harming myself until I started taking this med.  My dr told me to go up to 10 mg and after 3 days of this I was doubled over in pain.  I refused to continue taking it, and tapered off, 5 mg every 2 then 3 days and then I stopped. I would not recommend this to anyone.
I got pregnant with this. Don 't think it can 't happen.
I started having back pains after I took Actonel pills
I began Levora to help control my migraines that are caused by a significant drop in estrogen on or right before my period.  Although they worked for the migraines, I started to notice symptoms like extreme moodiness, crying, frustration, etc within the first month but figured my body was just getting used to it since this is the first birth control I 've been on.  Three months later it got worse and I also had problems with water weight, a huge increase in acne, and terrible dry spots all over my face.  The emotions got so bad it was affecting my relationship so I had to stop.
This medication is cheap which is why they recommend it so much since it saves the insurance companies a bundle. My BP didn 't move at all. Side effects include left shoulder pain. Loss of hair, eyesight going bad due inflammation of the cornea, weakness, tiredness to the point of delusion. The doctor had be go from 5 to 10 mg and that made everything worse. Three days after stopping it my shoulder pain went away and so much energy returned. my mother was put on it from her doctor and had similar results. After she stopped taking it she no longer needs her walker. I 'm 63 and she is 88 going on 29.
I took this for 7 days 750 mg. Insomnia hit the first 2 nights. I awoke with achy shoulders and neck, next day shoulders and hips, next day hips and knees. It was not the knee bones but tendons around it so swollen I could not squat. At 63 and active I felt like I was 100. Hands were swollen, neck muscles were unbearable and knees and hips, mostly knees after the 7 days hurt terribly. I have finished the medicine but 10 days later my knees are still not back to norm. I am trying to function normally but my knees operate only about 65%. I can only hope this will pass. I was taking this med with the thought I might have an infection in my lungs but this for me did not help my lung issue. Lisinopril and penicillin are allergens as well. BEWARE
I have been dealing with extreme pain in my hip and groin area. I took one pill but never again. I first experienced drowsiness,  which isn 't anything to worry about until I started to not feel right in my head. Lasted for about 20 minutes. Then as I was standing in the kitchen making dinner I developed extreme nausea for about 5 minutes. This led to a rush shooting straight to my head and on came a dizzy spell that lasted for about 20 seconds. Followed by a partial black out for a split second, vision came back and I went to sit down moments later I was perfectly ok. Well besides feeling freaked out of course. I would never recommend this medicine to anyone.
I got the implant inserted in July of 2016. I was so incredibly happy when I got it inserted because condoms alone have always terrified me. Unfortunately, I can 't be put on anything aside from the implants or shots due to the migraines I receive. Since it 's insertion, there 's been about one month where I didn 't bleed. On top of this, I 've had very severe mental states (I 'm not going to say I 'm depressed), involving thoughts of causing severe bodily harm to myself, fuelled by irrational justifications that I know deep down aren 't really mine. I plan on getting this thing out ASAP. I understand that it varies for everyone, but please please be careful and constantly aware of how you feel when starting Nexplanon.
I was given Effexor XR  for depression. I had the usual side effects at first dizziness, nauseous, weird dreams and tingly. I was able to beat most of these by taking the medication at the same time every night. The down side was if I was late by a few hours taking it the dreams and tingly feeling returned bad. I was started on 75mg and that worked for a few months then the dosage was upped to 150mg. This worked for a few months as well then I hit rock bottom again and the dosage was upped again to 225mg unfortunately this only worked for a few months. A year after this I was given it again this time it only worked for a couple weeks. This was not the medicine for me.
I have been on Lutera for a week and a half. I have always been a happy go lucky bubbly person. This pill has completely changed my personality. I have NO patience, I am incredibly moody, and I feel like a dark cloud is hanging over me. I am getting married in 48 hours and I can 't even be happy although I have nearly a perfect situation. This pill has made me depressed, snappy and emotional.
One dose does not last a full 24 hours.  Feel I need another puff after aprox 10 hours.
I have been a heavy drinker for over 20 years (usually strong cider abv 7.5%) and at times was getting through up to 90 units a day (around 12 litres). I had a seizure in 2013 for which I was in hospital for 8 days detox. I was prescribed Librium and was abstinent for 6 months. The doctor took me off Librium after that 6 months and put me on Campral. Unfortunately it didn 't do any good and I started drinking almost immediately. Now, 3 years later, and still have alcohol issues. I have been hospitalised 3 times in the last 4 months. It has been suggested that I take Antabuse or Naltrexone. Has anyone else had similar issues?
I was given this to help with Vaginal Atrophy that resulted in painful UTI like symptoms and painful sex. By the third week I got limited relief from those symptoms, but had debilitating dizziness and horrible hot flashes. This stuff took me from having had a handful of hot flashes in my entire life to 5 or 6 a night. Not taking it any more.
Well I have anxiety and have trouble getting to sleep or should I say don 't get any sleep at all, I have lupus and fibro and I 'm on prednisone and pain meds and was recently taken off of my zanax 1mg. Due to the doctor not being able to prescribe me 2 narcotics which I also think is crazy that a doctor is limited to how to treat you, I had been on zanax for 3 years and they worked for me but now due to the limitations of my doctor he gave me buspiron and I am now officially scared to try anything new I couldn 't get up the next day. As if I was paralyzed and I felt so off.  I thought I was about to have a siezure. I get nauseous as well.  I 'm now currenrly waiting to go back to my doctor to refer me to another doctor to prescibe me my zanax back again
I am almost done with my 28 day pack and I AM NOT HAPPY. I 'm having the heaviest period of my life (5 days in and still absurd cramps, constant heavy flow- TMI sorry). My body is literally freaking out on me. I am a slim, active girl but I am sluggish, gaining weight (HOW), and my skin is not clearing up on Sprintec. It might just be me. My body might just be changing with age, but I 'm sharing my experience anyway. I 'm throwing away my next month 's pack and saving myself from this misery.
Went through 2 rounds of botox injections.  Terrible side effects: stiff neck with pain. Cold chill down my back. Difficulty swallowing that has worsen with time. It 's been 2 1/2 years since I had the injections!  I wish I had never tried Botox. Looking for a specialist to help with my swallowing problem. Still have migraines.
I have been taking this and its ruining me. I 'm always dizzy and feeling like I 'm about to fall out our pass out on the floor at home and at work, it 's caused me to miss alot of work cause of the dizziness and uneasy feeling. I don 't even want to take this anymore. Plus it makes me not so accepting of my finance with sex.. What kind of life is that. I believe this is the wrong medication fit me.
My friend and I both used the patch to prevent motion sickness on our first cruise.  By day 3 of the cruise, I had double vision, and could not even read the menu at dinner.  I also began to get a horrible migraine, complete with flashes of light in my vision.  I assumed the patch was wearing off, so I removed the old one and put on a new one.  By the morning of day 4, we removed the patch after reading possible side effects on the box.  My vision did not return to normal until day 6.  I spoke with the doctors in the infirmary, and they said they often see this as a side effect to the medication.  My friend experienced the same double vision, although hers began a day behind mine.  
I 've used this product for about 15 years, as I have chronic nasal congestion at night. I would have given it a 9 until the new bottle design, which is so HORRIBLE I have to give it a 2. I love your product. It would be nice if I could still use it. The cap is wayy too hard to wrestle off for people who don 't have great hand dexterity, and that whole &quot;line up the tiny white plastic groove with the other tiny white plastic groove&quot; thing is awful. I need to be able to use it in the dark without waking up my spouse. I will switch to another brand if I must.
I recommend that nobody gets this birth control! When you get it removed it leaves a scar. One time my boyfriend hit it and I almost puked.I got headaches all the time and I had my period for 8 WEEKS! I was horrible and now I 'm trying to get my hormones back to normal. Please don 't get this bar!
Got this for an infected piercing. Still have bump in my ear and it made me breakout soooo bad.
I have been taking 100 MG every 12 hrs for a few days and at first it was just head aches and nausea but now I 'm throwing up with the feeling of the flu and the worst aches and pains not to mention the heart burn!! Will not be taking it anymore !!
I started taking Bactrim 2 days ago for bladder infection and it is terrible because I feel like I have the flu... body aches, headache, nausea. ..I just called the doctor to tell her I 'm not taking any more.. the bladder infection is nothing compared to the way this med made me feel!!! It seems like it has been cut  with some sort if poison before it gets to the US!!! I just hope I regain strength bc I feel so weak from the pain my body has been through!!!
Apparently this product worked wonders for a friend of mine, within minutes of taking one dose my nose would not stop running like a faucet, I began feeling sharp yet sudden pain throughout my chest/stomach, I genuinely feel like I couldn 't breath (I say feel because I 'm dealing with the side affects as I type this) I have very bad diarrhea &amp; I feel like I am going to puke up a storm at any point. Please don 't take this &amp; if you do be prepared. I wish I was.
I read these reviews which helped me to make a decision to take this med so I will add my experience in the hopes it will help others. I am 56, male and had two minor heart attacks 6 months ago. That and a very stressful job caused many sleepless nights and some stress and anxiety. My Doctor suggested lexipro a few times and I finally decided to give it a try. I was prescribed 10 mg and broke them in half as a trial so 5 mg to start.The first 2-3 days I felt no change but by day 3-4 the side effects kicked in hard. Nausea, severe hot flashes, fullness and tightness in chest, fogginess, very anxious feelings. I decided to stop after 6 days and was worried about any withdrawal but the day I stopped I felt much better. just my experience.
On my second week and I 'm probably going to stop.  I 'm experiencing terrible hot flashes and chills and am not sleeping. I 'm so sorry it is not working.
I had NEXPLANON insert on my arm about a year ago. Since I had it on I been bleeding badly to a point that I am having it removed. My doctor prescribed me 2 months of birth control pills to see if would help me with the bleeding but as soon as I stop taking the pills my bleeding came back again. I contact the 1800 and they said this bleeding was normal and it was part of the symptoms, but how can you have any sex intercourse if you are bleeding 80% of the time. Asked Rep if NEXPLANON would reimburse me for the other 2 years that i have on the product since I wanna this remove as soon as possible and he laugh at me. Is frustrating that they insert the products on your body and if doesn 't work properly they are not responsible. Never again.
I had this for 4 months and gained 20lbs no matter what I 've done I haven 't been able to lose the weight. Getting this birth control was the worst mistake of my life. Every birth control I 've ever had and if I 've gained weight it always went back down its been 5 months and I haven 't lost a lb. I got it removed immediately. I wouldn 't recommend this to people I know.
I used NuvaRing in response to not having a period for three months, having horrible constant cramps, PMS like moods that never stopped.  Before NuvaRing I was not on birth control.  Two or three days after inserting NuvaRing I developed hideous acne on my previously perfect skin and felt extremely dizzy and a little nauseous.  I immediately removed it without consulting my gyno.  My periods returned with me now using super plus tampons instead of super.  I got tired of looking at all the blood.  Cramps improved mildly.  My mood was still off.  I went to a clinic months later and they informed me that NuvaRing produced blood clots.  I was instructed to take aspirin to thin my blood and couldn 't so took Tylenol instead.
Worse decision EVER! Decided to start depo to prevent pregnancy for a while. 1st injection  was at the end of June. Everything was fine. July, wonderful. Later part of August I started the brownish spotting, then light pink to red like a normal cycle. I went to the doctor and was told to take 3 800mg of ibuprofen a day for 5 days and that would stop the bleeding...in which it definitely did. I was late getting my 2nd injection which was given at the beginning of October. October and the first part of November no bleed, no spotting, no nothing. Ohhh but that last week of November, the spotting started again. I started with the ibuprofen regiment again but, this time it seemed to make it worse so, I stopped. I was scheduled to take my 3rd injection on January 8, 2017 but took it at the end of December hoping that it would stop the bleeding...It didn 't...and it hasn 't. Today is January 18, 2017 and I have been bleeding EVERY SINGLE DAY since the week of thanksgiving. I refuse...REFUSE to get the depo ever again. Don 't waste your time. It does more damage than good.
My mother has been on this medication for 2 1/2 weeks.  With each day she has become more and more agitated, confused, confrontational, and delusional.  I am taking her off of it.  It may be that this medicine is better suited for Alzheimer 's patients than Parkinson 's patients.
I 've been taking Belviq for 33 days and am quitting it today.  During this period with proper diet and exercise I lost 4 pounds.  The side effects have increased rather than decreasing.  I 'm extremely tired, weak and dizzy at times.  My blood pressure is normally low but it is lower now.  Given the 1500 calorie eating program I 'm following and regular exercise I 'm more concerned about the side effects as they 're decreasing the quality of my life.  I can do better than this on my own without the added risks of side effects.
I got the insert about a month ago after a friend recommended it. Everything was fine for the first week and a half then I started getting migraines. I have a pretty high pain tolerance so it shocked me when I couldn 't function because of a headache. Not thinking anything of it, the head aches began to happen more and more often now I get them everyday. It 's gotten to a point where pain medications won 't work and I have to sleep the pain off. Not only that but I have been having crazy mood swings and depressive episodes. As well as I 'm gaining weight and my face is breaking out. I am not a happy camper when it comes to Nexplanon I 'd much rather use condoms or become a teen mom then to keep this implant in my arm . I do not recommend this
I 'm even struggling to write this because of how unwell I am after taking this two days ago now, since taking these tablets with food BV has gone but I feel like I 'm gonna throw up 24hours a day sleeping all the time. I have taken these tablets before but never have the side affects been this bad. I would rather have the BV back rather than go through this sighhh.
Ok, I went on this 10 mg 2x a day for about 4 weeks now.  I needed to start because I hemorrhaged so bad in a single day my Hemoglobin dropped from 12 - 9, and then  to 8 as I continued to hemorrhage,  for 2 weeks after. As a result of hemorrhaging, I could not breath, my heart was racing from dehydration, and my body used all of my iron and ferritin, and then started destroying bone marrow to try and make hemoglobin.I started provera when my hematologist started ferritin infusions, and was afraid ANY bleeding would kill me.  This medication causes me shortness of breath, racing heart, rashes, lethargy, vomiting, muscle pain; oh an I have been spotting since I started it!I feel worse then when I was literally dying before taking it.
I have had the Nexplanon for about 4 months now. I was not bleeding for the first couple of weeks, but ever since then I have not stopped bleeding. I have had a period for almost 4 months. I told my doctor and she put me on the birth control pills as well to stop the bleeding. It only stopped for a couple of days and came right back. I have the worst mood swings and cramps ever. I am going to get it taken out very soon.
Took only one month to figure out this medication is the worst. Poor body image issues, depression worsened, bloating-instant weight gain feeling, horrible cystic acne that Retin - A could not even treat. horrid BC pill
I took this medicine for coughing at night and had a very negative reaction to it.  I seemed to have all of the classic signs of a heart attack - pain in the chest and back - it felt like an elephant was sitting on my chest. Heart rate went down very low and blood pressure was low and then high.  
It lifted my mood but with horrible agitation and impotance
I 'm a 24 year old female and I began taking trazodone 6-7 months ago. I 've taken 1 100mg pill  every. Single. Night... . Because my insomnia is so chronic that I will go 10-12 days with hardly any sleep and can 't function at work or school which is really Messing my life up. the only reason I started taking the trazodone was out of desperation and at first things were tolerable. Every night I take it it knocks me out within 20 mins exactly and even if I take it 10 hours before waking I STILL feel hungover , dizzy , tired , and groggy ALL day. No amount of coffee or espresso will fix this . 3 nights ago I took it as usual and was gasping for air and had to rush to ER from chest pain and shallow breathing. Nasty drug, don 't form a habit on it
Woke up in the middle of the night with a horrendous cough.  I decided to take the some cough medicine and went back to sleep.  It stopped the cough. Then I woke up in my own excrement (seriously), severe diarrhea. Heart palpitations, extreme dizziness, sweating and confusion. I almost went to the emergency room. I will never take this again.
I tried Edex for the first time last weekend. I was given the 10mcg and it did not do anything. I don 't know who was more disappointed me or my wife. This weekend we will try a 20mcg.
It usually works well for my urinary tract infections, but in this case I just got a horrible yeast infection and no relief, my conclusion is that I have a kidney infection and this medication is not strong enough for kidney infections. Ladies: you should always use probiotics while taking antibiotics, it will even out your vaginal ph balance.
I have been on this pill for 9 months now. Maybe it is because I am small, 5 ' 2&quot;. Since I 've taken this pill my weight went from 117 to 144. My moody swings are obvious and I always breakout before my period where as before I never did. Yes I did gain breast weight but my pants all hate me. I want to try a completely new birth control method since no pill seems to be low hormone enough for me. 
I took Suboxone before actually going to a rehab facility.  I was very fortunate I didn 't kill myself by the way I chose to take it.  I used it as a crutch... I took it only when I couldn 't get my hands on the real deal.  I know many people who do the same. I currently have a friend who is trying to &quot;detox from Suboxone&quot;. My best suggestion to anyone considering Suboxone is to have the courage and detox the real way at your local detox facility.  You can be drug free in less than 14 days!  
My girlfriend is a diabetic type 1 and was prescribed this med to drop her a1c level from 14.1 and to attempt to lower her extreme sugar levels between 400 to the meter reading high instead of an actual number so 600 plus.    It did lower her levels. 7.1 a1c level and around the normal range for sugar. ONLY   it would cause her to have dangerously low sugar! Even if she would eat a good meal with enough carbs before bed, the medicine would kick all of the sugar out at a drastic rate that she would be comotose I am talking about levels being 30s and way below  EVERY DAY!!!!!   The worst one was I woke up with our baby and found her sprawled out on the couch unresponsive and foaming at the mouth. Snoring, drooling. I had to force syrup in her mouth. she was dying!
Took it for three days on third day had a breakdown while driving the medication made me very nervous and it ended with me having a severe anxiety attack, stopped taking it anxiety went away
I keep reading reviews of weight loss however I 'm the complete opposite.  I 'm rapidly gaining weight.  I gained 8lbs in 30 days. I have moments when I can 't eat then moments when I can 't eat enough and my sweet tooth is always active.  I will say however that I have gone from one pack of cigs a day to one pack lasting 3 days and almost on the verge of quitting.  My first two weeks on Contrave I was very sensitive emotionally.
Did nothing for the anxiety I have. It hepled a titch with the insomnia if I took the maximum dose for the day, but even then if I couldn 't sleep when it hit then good luck: would be left feeling odd ,kinda out of it, which made me feel anxious.  I stopped taking it after Dr doubled the dose to no improvement.
12 hours?  What a joke.  Lasts about 12 seconds then your nose runs for days.  Addicting  as hell.  Once you use it one you must keep using it or you plug up bad.
I was on Minastrin 24 Fe for nearly 5 months. During this time period I had horrible mood swings and I was constantly emotional. My boyfriend said that I didn 't seem like myself. I also ended up gaining nearly 10 pounds and had very tender breasts all the time. I also would get awful cramps, backaches, and headaches during my periods. My periods were very light though! All in all, Minastrin 24 Fe was not for me. I have now switched to Loestrin and I already feel so much better.
I just started Victoza yesterday. I have only felt sleepy about mid afternoon. Not sure if that is a part of side affect or not. I can tell you I woke up this morning and have not be hungry in the least. However; knowing I need to have something I forced myself to have a salad for lunch. I became very sleepy after eating. I am drinking a lot of water. I hope to see a significant reduction in weight especially since I 'm up to close to 300 lbs although, it doesn 't really show that I would be that heavy. I am very hopeful, and I also am watching my carbs. The reviews of some I have read have encouraged me. Looking for a new me with in the next couple of weeks and months. I have only given a rating of 1 since I have just started.
My Father is elderly, disabled, debilitated &amp; has leukemia.  He was given a Rx for the liquid form of this drug by his Hematology/Oncology P.A.  Off &amp; on, this Rx was used to stimulate his appetite.  We were never told of the significant risks for use by the elderly, especially for those with cancer.  We were told by the P.A.  that this Rx could be used as needed, intermittently, without worry.A month ago, Dad had a life-threatening event which required an ambulance ride, a week in the hospital, and now long-term use of a blood thinner. Initial evaluation in the ER &amp; subsequent conversations with the Hospitalist, indicated the reason for the blood clots in both lungs, both legs &amp; throughout the body was linked to this Rx.
Awful. Horrendous mood swings. Depression. Anxiety. Night sweats.
Does not help with my chronic pelvic pain. 
This is one dangerous drug as for me it made me feel half dead to me and the world around me it made my depression even worse and anxiety really bad to the point I was unable to do the things I wanted to enjoy. Was unable to settle..It put me in a dark place and gave me really bad dreams and good luck if on it more than 6months to come off, may the force be with you, it 's a horrific experience so please keep clear!
I have had psoriasis for only about five years now, and seeing a dermatologist for four years. We tried everything and then he suggested we try Enbrel. I used it for a total of 7 months with absolutely no results, in fact it spread more. I was desperate to get rid of this as both calves were covered and it was painful. Finally we went to Methotrexate and it worked almost immediately! I take only 4 pills weekly now and it is working like a dream.
Gave it three months of a shot and endured break through bleeding for nearly two full months. Not worth it. Too low a dose for me, though I 'm on the thin side and athletic.
I have been feeling pretty nauseous all day (first trimester of pregnancy) and my healthcare provider gave me a sample of this drug to try.  I wanted to share my experience as all I 've read are glowing reviews... Glad it 's working for some people but have to imagine there are others who experienced something similar to me.  I have taken it now for 3-4 days which should have been enough time to get a feel for whether or not it works.  It did absolutely nothing for my nausea.  If anything, it made me feel worse.  I was so tired I couldn 't function.  Had to lay down in the middle of the day for a few hours, was feeling so tired and sick. I didn 't take any last night and today I feel better than I have since I started taking it!
A new doctor switched me to this one from Beyaz. I had gotten migraines once every six months or so before I started birth control and on Yaz and Beyaz I had never had any real issues I was able to function with over the counter medicines for them. I just finished month number 3 today, during the first month I had 2 migraines with one that lasted two days and I had to go to the health center because I couldn 't stand it any longer &amp; got a shot for it. After that I went to my family doctor and was given migraine medication. I have had 8 migraines in the span of three months &amp; have had to medicate with migraine medication instead of Motrin or Excedrine, add in extremely heavy period, cramps, and nausea and you can see why I 'm switching back.
I have had migraines everyday for the past 4 years and I 've tried Elavil and it didn 't do a thing!  But I didn 't have any negative side-effects.
I can explain this drug easily. It will take away your problems, BUT...your sleep won 't be effective, you will have extreme memory problems, you won 't experience vibrant emotion (it 's always dull), did I mention you will be tired literally all day within minutes of waking? You will basically be a living zombie where every action you take feels forced and fake. You will gain a ton of weight. I was a bodybuilder, 200lb 7.5% bodyfat year round. Counted calories constantly. Still did on effexor, counted them all the way up to 4k a day along with 4-6 beers and no weight lifting. I just didn 't care. I 'm 215lbs at 28% bodyfat. If you don 't know what that means, basically I traded a 6-pack for a keg. Went from a size 32 to a size 38. In 8 months
I could not handle the teeth clenching.
I was prescribed first the Z-pack and took that for 5 days and then to continue by taking one minocycline 100 mg capsules (once a day) for adult cystic acne.  I was feeling fine the first week on minocycline but the second week, I had to completely take myself off the minocycline because I was miserable. First, it was sinus, then sinus headaches with blurry visions on and off.  Then my joints started hurting, especially in my hands and lower back.  I also felt dizzy when moving too fast from one position to another and started to feel like I was under a haze all the time. 
Abilify caused weight gain in my instance - I gained 10 kg, which is a lot for someone that was once petite. I lost all my confidence. I have been battling with Bipolar for years and never have I been on such an ineffective drug. I think it should just be taken off the market.
Do not take this medicine. After returning from a week long trip to Haiti, I was constantly nauseous, dizzy, had brain fogginess and was fatigue to the point that I couldn 't even get through a day of work. I was 20 at the time and had never had any health problems. I also experienced severe depression. It was very scary as I had never struggled with any type of mental health issues prior to taking this drug. I went to multiple doctors after my trip trying to figure out what was wrong, and it took at least a month to realize it was from this medicine. At the time I read from other reviews that some users experienced the same symptoms . Two years later I am 22 now and from time to time have trouble with dizziness, nauseousness, fatigue, etc.
I 've started taking it when i had asthma exacerbation last two months. Usually, when I have flare up it will go away within 2 to 3 weeks. I was worried because it 's almost a month already and I haven 't been feeling well. Symptoms are fatigue, chest pain/tightness, shortness of breath, rapid heart palpitations, throat irritation, phlegm, reflux? I went to the doctor and told me it was an acid reflux. I still continue to use this drug together with PPI but i don 't see any improvement. I 've made my research about the side effects. It may control my asthma but the side effects are much worse. I 'm getting off this drug immediately.
I was put on this BC because it was what my insurance was covering. I was on it for about 9 months. Prior to using Orsythia I was on Lutera. I am now back on Lutera thank goodness! They supposedly have the same ingredients but Orsythia really made me feel awful. Here is what went on. Every month was different, some months I was extremely emotional, other months my breasts would get very tender, all the way through the nipple, ouch! I would also get frequent headaches, like maybe 4 a week, There was more cramping too. I connected the dots and told my Dr.  and she switched me back to lutera and put on the prescription that there should be no substitutions. I have been fine for the past 6 months since I changed back. Orsythia sucks if you ask me.
Terrible experience. Had sore nipples, tightness in chest; abnormal bleeding as well as loss of sex drive. Was on this  for almost 6 months and side effects did NOT subside
Took my first 10 mg pill Tuesday night, ended up having diarrhea for 3 days.
Had a bad flare up of gout in my let foot.  Dr. prescribed Colcrys and after three days I had no relief from the pain, swelling or burning, but I did have terrible nausea and diahrrea.  Doctor then switched me to Indomethacine and within hours the pain started to subside.  Now, two days later, I 'm about 80% back to normal.
I 've been taking Pylera for the last 5 days and I 'm feeling really bad. The most horrible effect is that metallic taste I have in my mouth 24hrs a day. I just can 't stand it anymore and I have 5 days of treatment remaining.
If you 're looking for fast results don 't waste your money. I just started my 4th week on Contrave, 2 pills 2x/day. I 'm not sure if Contrave is working for me or not. Before starting Contrave, I took phentermine for 4 months and lost a significant amount of weight, 50+ lbs. Since being on Contrave, almost 1 month I have only lost an additional 5lbs, and I excercise just about every day 2x/day. With Contrave, you do not have that feeling of being on a diet pill, like phentermine. So that may be part of the reason why I 'm questioning if it 's working. I 'm not a fan of taking medicine and to me, the Contrave tablets are large. Also, I feel the need to eat with Contrave. I don 't really think it has curbed my appetite, like phentermine. It is $$$$
One hundred and fifty nine dollars of my hard earned money WASTED! If i had already felt close to death TAMIFLU nearly killed me projectile vomited for three hrs after taking it! Wasn 't even nauseous before taking it! Don 't do it!
Was using vagifem for several  years and felt felt great no side effects. Was sent the generic yuvafem. Agree about loose tablets and wasting the med as they would fall out of the dispenser. But  when I started having side effects such as weight gain,10 pounds, feet swelling and cramping I switched back to vagifem. Now have to visit gyno to make sure everything is ok.
My dr wanted me to try this medicine after being very successful on phentermine which is MUCH cheaper. So contract gave me some stupid contrave card that charge me $60 a month - much more expensive than phentermine but for that price I 'd try it. So now after about a year they jacked the price up with no notice right when I went to refill it to $92 no warning no reason and it 's putting my life at risk to have no pills to wean off and no way to pay for the sudden increase.  So whatever you do, I won 't even start this drug even if they pretend they will give you a cut price because they will suddenly increase it after you 're on it hoping you can just pay it to avoid the  consequences of going off of it cold turkey, good luck
Kept me from getting pregnant, but that was the only positive effect this medicine had on me. In a year I went from 120 pounds to 180lb, my face was always covered in acne, and I had ridiculous mood swings. Right after I had the implant removed, I lost ten pounds and my skin began to clear up. While this is my personal experience, some girls I know with the implant have no issues with it. Just be careful when choosing a birth control method.
I wanted to try seasonique for the 4 periods a year.  On my 1st month I started bleeding on the 3 week and still bleeding 3 weeks later.  The bleeding is really annoying and doesn 't seem to be letting up.  It 's thicker consistency and small clots.  I will give this a little more time but so far I 'm not happy at all!! After reading other comments it seems more bleeding is expected then what 's advertised!  :(
Never normally share but I started taking Sertraline after feeling very depressed, emotional and even some thoughts of suicide. I made an appointment with my doctor and he put me on 50mg, after taking this for two months there was talks of putting it up to 100mg. I couldn 't think of anything worse. The first few days of taking 50mg I felt a little better, as the weeks went on I just went down hill and was in a dark spiral, my anxiety became worse than it has ever been, I barely left the house, I couldn 't cope no longer and I lost hope. I eventually realised the tablets were making me feeling a lot worse so have stopped taking them... I am starting to feel a little better already
Depakote made me go slow on everything I did. I was a totally different person. My family thought I was on harsh drugs, I didn 't function at all on 1200mg. Now I am on quetiapine and citalopram and my moods have totally stabilized. I am a different person.
This review will not completely apply to most people as I am bipolar II and am extremely sensitive to some kinds of medicines. It normally takes me a very long time to fall asleep (sometimes until dawn) but once I am I stay asleep and get plenty of rest. On Singulair I once couldn 't fall asleep until about 12:00 in the afternoon after going to bed at 11:00 pm the night before, and I would often wake up multiple times while sleeping. My anxiety was much higher, I was significantly more depressed, and my previously very well stabilized mood was once again destabilized. I also had some water retention weight gain. Was absolutely amazing for my asthma though, so I guess that 's something. Really wish it played nice with my sleep and bipolar.
I have been on this pill for 9 months now. Maybe it is because I am small, 5 ' 2&quot;. Since I 've taken this pill my weight went from 117 to 144. My moody swings are obvious and I always breakout before my period where as before I never did. Yes I did gain breast weight but my pants all hate me. I want to try a completely new birth control method since no pill seems to be low hormone enough for me. 
I am taking doxy (capsules) along with clarithromyin for almost 2 months now because of a skin infection. The first day I took the cocktail (had to take both twice a day) I got a headache so strong that I couldn&rsquo;t put my head on the pillow. I asked the dr and told me to take the doxy alone to see if there were any changes. As I started to take it alone, I did no feel the headaches any more so I incorporated the clarithromicin but with a two hour difference. In my second month, the pharmacist gave me tablets instead of capsules and I cannot stand them! Nor alone or with the clarithromicine whatsoever. Headaches are horrible! Stop  taking them. I&rsquo;m not really sure if it was cause of the change from capsules to tablets though.
It is  is totally ineffective for over-active bladder , spasms , and other related systems .I 'm dropping it as a medication .
Yasmin is the worst! I went on it to clear my acne and it made me feel like I was going crazy. Anxiety, depression and de realisation. I constantly cried and was clingy to my loved ones. I am so angry my doctor prescribed this pill without telling me about the side effects! It was only after going on the Internet did I realise just how dangerous this pill is! Stay away from it!!! I stopped as soon as I made the connection, that it was making me a different person I 've never felt paranoid in my life until Yasmin!  It was hard coming off too, first week hard, second week much better and by the second cycle I was finally 100%. be aware!! If you 've started this pill and feeling depressed its Yasmin!!
My Dad was put on Breo for his COPD however he had asthma as well. The breo made him worse and the doctor told him it needed to get into his system for it to work properly. Well after being on it for 3 weeks he died!
It took care of my endometriosis but the side effects were terrible. Not so much the hot flashes but the mood swings/depression. 
Worst bc I 've ever taken. I thought it be nice to be able to skip my period so my doctor prescribed me this. I get breakouts bad worse then if I 'm not even on bc. I also get spotting and full blown periods way before the inactive pills. I 'm on 3rd pack 1st week and having my period. I ordered new bc hopefully it comes soon. I wouldn 't recommend this bc at all
After having to be taken away in an ambulance from work I spent 5 hours in the ER due to all of the side effects  from the pill. My friend who 's a medic thought I was having some kind of seizure. I 've had 3 friends tell me they 've  had terrible experiences on this pill. I 'm definitely switching.
I have tonic-clonic seizures due to a malignant tumor in my frontal lobe.  I was prescribed phenytoin, which controlled the seizures but my doctors could not get my blood levels stable so I was constantly oscillating from sub-therapeutic to toxic.  After 6 months of trial and error with no success, I was switched to Keppra.  Keppra failed to control the seizures and I became hyperactive, easily agitated, and began having suicidal thoughts. My doctor made me switch back to phenytoin. The FDA recently required the manufacturer of Keppra to change the warning label to include these as known adverse reactions in some patients.
I have chronic IBS and I had the diarrhea  IBS when I was young  I 'd go before dinner is over now I don 't go in weeks and if I do they are pearls ;(  I went to the dr 2 days ago I got a sample my dr said you don 't bloat or cramp when you take this which was not true . I looked this up because I 'm in such dying pain   . I 've been miserable for 2 hours now and I 've gone 12 times . Every time I sit down I get stomach pains I run to the bathroom to explode, I 'm getting leg cramps from sitting to much I was using a heating pad. Now my butt burns I need butt paste  to heal and for the last hour I 've had  contractions of pain. Nausea, chills, and anxiety to go again with panic and a burned butt with poo looking particles of sand 
I first got on Nexplanon in March of 2015. Within 2 weeks I got a very heavy &amp; painful period which lasted for 3 months. Within 6 weeks I started getting very painful facial break outs. In addition to these breakouts, started getting thicker facial hair, more than the normal peach fuzz. But I would say the WORST part of this birth control is that I gained over 40 lbs in one year. I went from being 130 to 172 in 12 months- without any diet changes. I work out 3-4 times a week and I still could not stop the weight gain.  I felt disgusted with myself.
My granddaughter started Kapvay and she is almost 10 years old. She has been diagnosed with ADD. She was using Intuniv,  but 1 mg not enough for attention and 2 mg made her so so tired.Started Kapvay and WOW&hellip;cannot sleep&hellip;.huge blister on her lip&hellip;.legs hurt so bad. She is almost 10 but small, she weighs 47 pounds (she was 2.8 lb preemie-11 weeks early). Have to stop medicine. I also read that it was not a great choice for ADD alone.
I have been on Septra for about 5 days now &amp; still no relief!! I 'm EXTREMELY  nauseous &amp; I can 't sleep through the night because the pain is that bad. I 'm on my way back to the Emergency Room.
This drug is dangerous. I am a healthy 22 year old guy. Around 2.5 months into a six month course of 60mg/day roaccutane I developed severe depression, anxiety and psychosis. I have no family history of mental illness and had never been depressed in my life before this. Everything caused me to panic, I couldn 't leave the house or even talk to my parents. It felt like the drug had taken control of my mind. I shook uncontrollably and couldn 't eat or sleep. For a week after stopping, I could barely function without breaking down.  This drug will improve your skin, but trust me, its not worth it, however desperate you feel. Think carefully.
I have been on this at least a year on 10mg 2x a day, I 've had unexplained weight gain and my headaches haven 't gotten better. I 've been to nutrition specialist and stepping up the exercise and tried to eat better but no matter what I do I still gain weight and my doctor 's keep telling me that I 'm not taking anything that would cause weight gain! Now they have doubled my dosage.
I am 32 yrs old, and have no allergies to anything.  After taking this drug I had depression, hallucinations and very odd thoughts, and felt no consequences to anything I did...so I looked up the side effects, and I had almost everyone.  I went to another doctor and she advised me that this drug has profound mental side effects in adults.
These antispasmodics did nothing for me. I was still doubled over in pain hours later.  I also was very light-headed and dizzy and my physician ignored my reactions to the medicines.  Not a good experience.
I was on this pill for a little over 3 months and this pill made my life hell! The only good thing about this pill is I didn 't get pregnant, but this pill made me extremely depressed and very irritable. The last month I was on the pill I had my period for 3 weeks and it was still continuing when I switched to my new birth control, and the month before I had my period or 10 days. I would not recommend this birth control to anyone!
Went to see my neurologist for usual migraine check up, med refills, treatment. While there he suggested Botox (another story DO NOT DO IT, I am in horrible non stop pain) since I was in the middle of an episode I got a Toradol injection and this NEW Onzetra Nasal. Not a fan of anything going up my nose should have went with my gut instinct. You put one opening in a nostril the other in your mouth and blow. Like blowing up balloon, blowing powder through out your nose, soft palette and throat. It felt like sucking salt water up your nose, the pain was immediate, eye watering, dizzying, nose pinching, nauseous pain. I coughed, gagged, cried wanted to scream. 3 days later am worse than ever pain, shaking, incapacitated. Not worth it.
This was my first time trying birth control, and this one made me feel horrible. Nausea everyday and made worse whenever I drive. Cold sweats, and it 's around 10 degrees out so I start shivering which leads to more sweating. Oh, the mood swings! I feel miserable.
Aczone did not help my acne at all. It made my skin burn when I applied it, and also made my acne somewhat worse than before. It 's side effects were extremely prominent and my skin was dry, red, and irritated. I don 't think this is the right medication for me.
I took this because I have to pee every hour on the hour. Unfortunately it didn 't do anything, actually I think it made me want to pee more frequently. I only took 1 pill though, but didn 't bother taking anymore.
My dad took it and he had heart palpitations, swelling, reddening ears and face, and chest tightening. He stopped taking it and switched back to his old medicines.
Back pain Lethargic Pains in right legShort of breath Sense of sadness Diarohea
Taken in combo with Ribavirin over a 24 week course, my second treatment since my failed Interferon/ribavirin (24wks) treatment 2 years prior. The Sovaldi treatment failed for me as well and I am beginning another treatment with Sovaldi and another combo that is not Ribavirin.
DO NOT TAKE THIS. I was prescribed prednisone 5mg for 8 days, taking 8 the first day, 7 the second, 6 the third and so on. Even with being tapered off the medication I had severe withdrawal. The first few days after I felt okay, I just had a headache. Then I was so sick I could not move from bed for a full 24 hours. I was nauseous, had heart burn, an increased bpm, dizzy, and incredibly weak. It has been a few days since I started to feel bad and nothing has improved. While everyone 's reaction is different, I strongly recommend you do not take this medication unless absolutely necessary.
I 'm a nurse and know all about package inserts explaining side effects but man they weren 't kidding. I was started about 3 weeks ago by my doctor who said I needed to lose a bunch of weight. I expected some stomach upset but not like this. Now I understand why the slow titration to higher more effective dosing. I can 't bear the side effects. I cannot work with stomach upset all day and need to rest at night. Back to diet and exercise for me. This is just not right.
Terrible hallucinations!
My body had a very bad reaction to this. I only took it for two days and I began to experience severe side effects including: insomnia, extreme depression, anxiety, nausea, irritability and light abdominal pain. I felt like this pill made me into a different person. I switched to a different type of hormonal birth control pill immediately.
I started on Altace for blood pressure of 145/90. Brought my BP down to 130 's and 80 's. During this period (2yrs) I had a cough that progressively got worse, to the point everyone thought I was catching a cold. I would cough everyday. By the end of the second year when I would cough I would gag and cough up clear liquid. I spoke to the doctor and she said &quot;Oh no, your cough is not from this.&quot; Well I re-read the pharmacy papers and it was stated that a possible side effect of this medicine is a cough. I called the doctor and told her what I read, she agreed to change my prescription, within a couple of days my cough was gone. So if you have a persistent cough (dry or wet) on any medicines for more than a month please investigate the side effects.
I started using this 3 days ago for what I  have been told is eczema on my face. The first time I used it my face got itchy beyond belief. I was actually looking forward to a sensation other than being itchy all the time. The sensation of burning, stinging sounded good for a change. I guess it 's too soon to really rate it, but so far my skin is smooth but it still itches.
While on Topamax, I lost my ability to think straight. I couldn 't process things the same way. I couldn 't even finish my sentences. I would start talking and would forget the words that came next. My friends and family would have to help me finish my sentences. After getting off the medicine, I could finally finish my thoughts again. However, I feel like I still cannot learn as easily as I did before I got on the medicine. I think it changed my brain processing capability. I have talked to a friend who had the exact same problem on this medicine. I would not recommend it unless you actually cannot live without it.
Absolute worst birth control I 've ever been on. Made me moody and have random crying spells, and made me breakout SO bad. I 've never had a problem with acne but as soon as I was put on this, it was just pimple after pimple after pimple. I changed it as soon as I could. I would NOT recommend.
I am 20 years old and I had been on Tri Sprintec for about 5-6 months and never really thought about it giving me major side effects. I had previously been on Levora for 5 years with the purpose of getting rid of major cramps. After 5 years my cramps began to come back so I switched to this one without any precaution.  Long story short I ended up in the suicide ward because I was having major thoughts about suicide (which I NEVER have even thought of) along with major depression and my anxiety level increased drastically..  So be careful and change your pills if you need to.
I was experiencing knee pain and received a cortisone injection with fair results. Four weeks later I was offered and received  Monovisc. They told me not to expect improvement for 3-4 weeks. It 's been six weeks. Since the day of the injection, my knee is worse. It is stiff, and gets stiffer if I sit for very long. I have to be careful about how I move it are it can have pain.
I had terrible insomnia on vybrid. Awful. Whole nights spent wired. It made me so anxious that I felt like I was going to jump out of my skin. Brain zaps, headaches, etc. I tried for several weeks but the sysmptoms got worse, not better. Did not work for me at all.
After spending a co-pay of $65 on this medicine, I couldn 't even keep 1 pill down! Soooo disappointed because I felt awful from the flu and I spent so much money on this medicine, yet it would instantly cause me to feel nauseous eventually leading to vomiting.
I am having severe jaw pain, almost unbearable.   It is one of the most horrible experiences I have ever gone through.   Will not take this drug again.   What is strange is that I didn 't have a problem until after the second shot.  Since then have not only teeth pain but sick with sore throat and cold.  Also bad digestive problems.
I took this pill 12 hours after sex which was during my ovulation window, this pill did not work for me I am pregnant
This refers to the Mylan estradiol twice weekly patches.  After 16 comfortable years using Vivelle Dot estradiol patches, I was supplied by Express Scripts with the new, supposedly &quot;generic&quot; Mylan estradiol transdermal dot patches in the same strength, 0.025 mg.  During the 4 1/2 weeks I used the Mylan product, I developed hot flashes, night sweats, brain fog and urinary tract infections.  I could not understand what was wrong until I recalled that my symptoms began when I started the Mylan product.  I found out that Vivelle Dots are still under patent.  Mylan patented its own competing transdermal patch in order not to infringe the Novertis patent.  It is NOT the same product.  A return to Vivelle Dots solved my problem.
I started reading these reviews and panicking because I took FOUR pills and was in horrible pain. The only way to ease it was by puking up a clear liquid that burned my throat like hell. I do NOT recommend this brand!
This shot was great the first month. The second and third month I bled the entire time. I 'm on day 41 of continuous bleeding.
I have been on Ortho Tricyclen Lo for 6 months and my doctor switched  me to Tri Lo Sprintec due to insurance purpose,( which is the generic version)(cheaper). I have no serious side affects with Ortho Tri&hellip; I normally don&rsquo;t get bad side effects from any medicine. But after a month and a half of  taking Tri Lo Sprintec..I 've noticed depression,  fatigue, crazy mood swings like NEVER BEFORE, dry mouth, decreased in sex drive, nausea, sore breasts.. I do not recommend this birth control to ANYONE! I have never experienced such sever side affects!!!
Prozac was the first antidepressant I was ever put on and it never really helped me. I couldn 't eat normally for several weeks, kept throwing up and while waiting for the side effects to go away my doctor gave me a higher dose and my anxiety seemed to get even worse. About a month in, my suicidal thoughts got worse and I just got reckless with my life because I felt like nothing mattered. After an intervention with my friends I decided to just stop taking it cold turkey, and I really didn 't experience that bad of withdrawal effects, I was just glad I wasn 't taking it anymore. I would say it made me the most suicidal I 'd been in a long time and while it may work wonders for some people it just did not work with me.
I 'm currently taking it now as I 'm allergic to penicillin. I 'm on my 3rd day. I 've been getting really painful stomach cramps, hot sweats and very loose stools. It 's making me feel really ill. And it hasn 't made my mouth feel any better at all. I 'm going to give it one more day then I 'm going to stop taking it because it 's obviously not for me.
I took melatonin for a good nights sleep and instead was up all night jumping out of my sleep. It seemed to make me nervous and have rapid heart beat. I 'm done taking this.
I was on this birth control for month two when I started noticing side effects. People say they never get a period? I got mine THREE times in the span of a month and a half. These were three FULL seven day periods with less than a week break in between. I became insanely depressed and had anxiety I could not handle. I spent every day crying because my emotions were out of control. I contemplated suicide many times but never tried. It took MONTHS to get back to some type of normal and even now, a year and a few months later, I still get AWFUL anxiety during my period and when I 'm ovulating. Prior to the Depo Provera I never had depression or anxiety. This was my first time and I pray that this will be my last.Wouldn 't wish it on an enemy.
I 'm not sure what I have. But, neither do seventeen doctors I 've seen in the last twelve years. This sounds more like what may be wrong. I have been on Gabapentin for over four years. I take 800 mgs up to 8 times a day along with 800 mgs of ibuprofen. So far, no side effects. But, no relief from pain. I had a bone spur removed from my inner spine. Praying that would help.  No. Physical Therapy hasn 't helped. I 'm still looking for answers. But, this spondylolisthesis, might be something to share.
Positives: Don 't need to remember, doesn 't hurt my arm, haven 't gotten pregnant.Negatives: I have been bleeding very heavily every day for 4 months straight.Overall, because of the bleeding, I have not had a pleasant experience and hope to get it removed asap. Hopefully an IUD will be better.
I took 2 pills around 11am and now I am experiencing severe cramping , I just vomited as well worst feeling ever.. I only had one BM so far but didn 't expect I was going to feel this way ... Never trying this stuff again big mistake smh
My fever went down within a few hours and I was feeling better the next day, but weak.  After finishing the last dose of 5 days, I became extremely nauseous and my abdomen hurt so badly, I didn 't think I would survive.  I didn 't vomit, but stomach pain was excruciating.  It has lasted over 24 hours, so far and I can 't find any advice regarding what to do about the pain.
I tried taking Septra, and by the second day I was vomiting all day long. Couldn 't take it long enough to cure the bladder infection and because of changing antibiotics partway through, ended up in a trip to the hospital with a kidney infection.
I got this shot about 2 and a half months ago. I have not stopped bleeding/ spotting from the first day i got it, not even for a day. Im a surgeon 's first nurse, so im on my feet all day, and every now and again i get cramps along with it. My Dr did tell me that the irregularities would be stopping after another dose or 2, which mean i would have to wait about 3- 6 months to some see dry panties. NO.
I had very bad experiences  with this medication .  I now have permanent toxicity of my system and I also develop medically induced cataracts from this medication even though I have stopped taking the medication it will continue to try and rob me of my sight. eyes always swollen running very painful. every morning when I rise I look like a monster face full of fluid input all around my eyeslike a little Sacks  of fluid.  is there is help out there I would like some and I will like to know if there 's a manufacturer lawsuit the information for this medication does not tell you about the damage that it does. now they are warning doctors to let patients know about this medication and the bad side effe and let them know if they want to take it.
ADHD makes life challenging enough, when the medicines that have worked for you for so many years are not longer available, the challenge grows. My doctor put me on this medicine and lowered the dose ...it 's not working. 
Was the sickest I have ever even been in my nightmares!! Not fun - don 't get with a habit and I feel like it does nothing for cravings its just like oh I can 't cuz it won 't do anything., but that doesn 't mean anything if ur urge to use is still there. I  had a heavy heroin addict before I got shot worst withdrawals of my life!!! Worse then methadone suboxone heroin mixed into 1 times 10 tough stuff.  Each is own. If u are serious about getting off the shit this is one way.. Good luck
I was put on Yaz earlier this year by my regular doctor. Within a week of taking yaz, I had severe pain in my abdomen, I couldn 't breathe without being in excruciating pain. A week later I was worse, I was in the worst pain I 'd ever felt constantly. I went back to the Dr and after a week of testing and hundreds of dollars found out I have a Gall Bladder Infection and may have to have surgery to remove my gall bladder.  Luckily, medication cleared it up after a few days. Since then I have found out that there is actually a number of class actions, in a number of different countries including Australia &amp; Canada, against the maker of Yaz due to the immense number of adversely effected women. Dont go near it!!
Tylenol with Codeine #3 does nothing for me.. plain aspirin is more effective. I have been prescribed Codeine several times, many times even, over my lifetime, and each time. It seems as if I took nothing at all. I don 't know why, but I just shake my head and even laugh, when they prescribe it.. After trying it yet again, thinking it was just a mistake, or they made it better.. again, it does absolutely nothing to relieve pain. I take several of them, and usually about halfway through the prescription, given me by the doctor, I switch to plain aspirin, to get some relief from pain.
My pharmacy started to give me these pills as the cheaper version of my regular birth control and in the first week I started to have horrible side effects. My breasts became so sore that I couldn 't even graze my hand on them without wincing and on top of that it gave me a UTI. Don 't know how good they work on the birth control part because I was unable to have intercourse because of what it was doing to me.
First placed on this medication in 2012 with no improvement in condition.
It was the worst experience of my life. I asked the pharmacist what he recommended, since an antibiotic caused a yeast infection. He said if it was him he would want to get rid of it right away. Wrong! I 'm at day 5. I would of prefered the yi. I took it early in the morning. After a few hours I began to have a constant sting and itch. I took a shower and noticed major swelling and more discomfort. I felt so irritated.... Just last night I put Desitine to help. I will never take the one day again. The 3 day I didn 't get this reaction at all. Don 't risk it. It is very painful and worry of damage it could cause.  They need to pull this off the shelf! I had to write this to help others...
I 've been taking Trulicity for 6 weeks.  I 've seen no effect on fasting blood sugar, my resting heart rate appears to have increased 10-15 bpm, and I 've gained 5 pounds.  Don 't know quite what to make of it.
I had botox injections into bladder about 3 weeks ago but it has made no difference to my OAB so far. The procedure itself is quite uncomfortable and I actually felt my symptoms were worse the week after I had it done.I know it takes two weeks to take effect so was really hoping to see a difference as the constant need to go to the toilet is so stressful. But unfortunately 3 weeks in and I don 't see much if any difference. I do seem to be able to go longer through the night but daytime is no better.I 've had no other side effects so don 't regret trying, just wish it would work!
Went through 2 rounds of botox injections.  Terrible side effects: stiff neck with pain. Cold chill down my back. Difficulty swallowing that has worsen with time. It 's been 2 1/2 years since I had the injections!  I wish I had never tried Botox. Looking for a specialist to help with my swallowing problem. Still have migraines.
Be careful when taking this medication. I took my first tablet yesterday in the morning and started feeling unwell during the day. Was out at a restaurant for lunch and started feeling so nauseous and burst into tears, and had to leave before my food arrived. Went home and felt so sick I slept for a couple of hours. Woke up and had some food, thought I was starting to feel better but a couple hours after that I collapsed (luckily I was at home with family) and was vomiting and had a severe fever, can 't put into words just how horrible I was feeling. Woke up still feeling sick, of course didn 't take another tablet, and am starting to feel better now about 38 hours after taking the tablet.
I have an extremely high tolerance to pain, and this product brought me to my knees! I was up laying on my floor with a fan blowing on me for a good hour along with ice at 3 am. I think the worst part of the treatment is that little tube of cream. I was finally doing ok till I decided to move on to the cream to follow the treatment instructions. This put me in the shower washing with vinegar and water ... just pure FIRE!  Fortunately I had some vagisil that I used after I was all cleaned off. It has taken the edge off. Hoping I am going to see better moments soon. AWFUL!!!  Don 't risk it!
This is the worst birth control, but it does protect against pregnancy very well. I 've had this in for 8 months and I 'm still on my period. It doesn 't go away. My OBGYN even put me on more birth control, which didn 't help AT ALL. I have crazy mood swings, depression, and I cry for no reason all the time. I didn 't even think about it being a side effect from this until my boyfriend told me I 'm always getting mad, and that 's not like me. I can 't wait to get it removed and go on with my life!
ABSOULTELY AWFUL!!!! I was given this for depression and it made everything so much worse! I only took it for 4 days and days 3-4 were so bad I was concerned. Day 3 I was manic and skipped a midterm, completely unable to control my emotions in any form. Day 4 I awoke confused and disoriented. As the day progressed I was manic, had numb hands, couldn 't articulate well, had cognitive impairments, and stiff muscles. It was a LIVING NIGHTMARE. I am also an alcoholic and two years sober so feeling anything besides normal was such a detriment to the drug I don 't care if I would have gotten over those symptoms - this drug is pure poison.
If I could give this drug a negative rating, I would. PLEASE be careful taking it. I sought the patch to use on 6-day cruise after reading that it was more effective than meclizine. Meclizine is a JOY compared to scopalamine. On patch, I was @ the ship 's infirmary every day with low bp and feeling overheated (cruise was in Canada during fall - not warm weather!) Wicked, constant headache, nausea and could barely keep eyes open for entire trip. Ruined vacation. Disembarked and went straight to ER. Was completely dehydrated. ER doc informed me of documented instances of scopolamine psychosis. VERY dangerous med, here!
My experience with Latuda was not good. At 20 mg for about a month I decided it wasn 't working well but my psych asked me to try upping the dose. After a couple weeks I found that it gave me akathasia, which was far worse than my bipolar. It also increased my appetite.  I am taking 20 mg Lexapro as well, which is fairly effective for me.
I don 't see a difference in thoughts or feelings.
On the first day of taking this medicine I had major dizziness, nausea, and a headache. I had a hard time focusing. I quit taking this medication, and will not take this medicine again.
I have had epilepsy from 18 months old started on epilim. By the time I turned 3 I was seizure free till I was 16. Just before my maths exam I had a seizure wasn 't exactly sure what caused. I went to my GP I was put on 100mg of lamotrogine then went up to 250mg of lamotrogine finished on 300 the drug didn 't work at all.I was then referred to see a neurologist and we started off taking keppra 500mg alongside with the lamotrogine. We then moved to 750mg or keppra with the lamotrogine BD.After all of that we then moved to 1000mg BD since then to know I 'm now on 4grams a day along side 600mg of oxcarbazapine and currently on 6mg of Perampanel. I 'm getting the drowsiness tiredness and from the keppra I 'm turning aggressive.
Migraines I understand, and I used to take Excedrine migraine decades ago before my kids were born and it worked...that being said, I don 't know what they did to these pills, but they took an extreme toll on me after just two more than 12 hours apart. I had multiple anxiety/panic attacks, shortness of breath (may have been related to the attacks), a feeling of what I can only describe as Deja vu constantly for hours that was debilitating,  fatigue, nausea and more. I have no bad medical history of any kind, no depression, no mental issues, never had an anxiety/panic attack, sleep and eat well, and I 've never used any illegal drugs or even prescription drugs other than the birth control I have been known for years.
awful!this med is soooo bad.doesn 't stick to cheek or absorb the BUP.It had me doubting myself?And........ahhhhhhh.&quot;......Why are they pushing this BS??????worst 2 weeks I have had in treatment..........Sick,withdrawing, but go back toDr Tuesday to change back to suboxone,almost relapsed&quot;........Hating the Insurance now for only covering this stuff?
I have been on Lunesta since 2010. Worked like a charm. Definitely left a metallic taste even the next morning, but I did not care because I could sleep and wake refreshed.  I immediately switched to the generic once available and had no issues. However, earlier this year I noticed that the medication no longer had the metallic taste BUT I also noticed that it stopped working.  It is obvious that the manufacturer has changed the inactive ingredients to do away with the side effect of the metallic taste but now the medication is NOT working and I don 't know what I am going to do.
This is poison and can cause long term muscular, joint and nerve damage and degeneration.  After one pill I felt leg pain and tightness that felt muscular in nature.  I talked to my doctor and she didn 't associate it with cipro.  After another day of taking it, the pain began migrating, heading into my joints and moving all around my body.  I popped my shoulder and had excruciating pain taking my briefcase out of my car.  I read on line and found out about cipro toxicity.  I called my doctor and said I read about this and given my symptoms I thought I should stop it.  They agreed.  I have been off the pills for 5 days now and still have the roving pains.  Mostly in legs, shooting, burning, aching, tight alternating. Hands,shoulders,knees...
The first week Paxil was great I felt better no more anxiety and I felt happy and not stressed. But now going on the 3rd week I feel so sleepy I have no interest in doing anything and I 'm jittery at the same time. I 've never been not interested in doing house cleaning or going outside but now I don 't want to do anything but sleep.
I am a physician; I took acitretin as prescribed for plaque psoriasis. After about 3-4 weeks I started to feel very unwell - weak, tired, unable to cope with minor slopes (I have trekked in the Himalayas, Yosemite, Highlands of Scotland, etc). I was not drinking alcohol at all - not for four months before or after. Acitretin was discontinued and the adverse effects reported (yellow card) to the UK regulatory body. The malaise and weakness persisted after stopping the medicine but gradually resolved over a 12 month period. 
I 've took Sprintec for 3 months. It was supposed to help with heavy bleeding and pain. This pill has helped with nothing. The only side effects I had is the month after I stop taking the pill I became very bloated, nauseated, vomiting, and lower abdomen pain as if I was at least 3 months pregnant.
This was the worst birth control I 've ever been on. I got it in July or 2015 at first I loved it. No periods or anything. Then I started getting bad migraines that won 't go away. Then my mood for all messed up along with gaining 50lbs have stretch marks everywhere on my arms stomach sides hips passed my knees everywhere. I 've had more acne than I 've ever had. I 'm always tired, I 've had insomnia but now it 's to the point I go 4 or 5 days on 2 hours at most of sleep. I 'm almost 21 and can 't fit into anything and afraid to wear shorts or anything cause of all the stretch marks. I get itchy where the rod is and it doesn 't stop.  I 've been wanting this out for awhile. Can 't wait for Monday.
My flu came on hard and fast 4 days ago. Woke up with a tickle in my throat and by noon I had a barking cough and 102 fever. In my opinion, all the tamiflu has done at this point is hasten the rate of dehydration that I 'm already experiencing. I can 't believe I paid $135 to make myself feel even worse. I still feel like I was hit by a truck, feeling like there is no end in sight for this nasty bug.
So I was given Lyza because of my migraines. Long story short as soon as i started taking it I 've had problems. My migraines seem even worse. It made me really moody &amp; depressed. Not to mention never having a break from my period if I 'm lucky I get 5 days off at the most other than that I 'm always on my period. I definitely would not recommend!
Just started taking Trintellix 4 days ago. No nausea, I have had headaches but that 's kinda a common thing for me, so not sure its the med. But my whole reason for getting on here was to see what people had to say about any side effects of dreams. Many dreams all in one night, and none of them are good. I stopped taking VYBRID because of insomnia. Now with this medicine So far its crazy dreams. I 'm hoping this is only temporary. No changes in my anxiety and depression yet.....so I guess I will wait and see as usual.
I got my first depo shot the beginning of March. After a week I started bleeding with ceasing. I had to buy depends because the bleeding was so heavy. I 've gained 15 pounds since received the shot. I called my doc and got the whole it 's a common side effect . I started research and came up with ibuprofen therapy. 3 800 mg a day for 3 days. I also read about birth control pills will stop it as well. I started the ibuprofen Friday and it stopped. Saturday I wiped and it was a little pink. I continued to ibuprofen Saturday all day no bleeding in Sunday it was a oil pinkish. I took a birth control pill Sunday. Monday which is today no bleeding no pink just a lil brown. Took a bc pill this morning no pink no brown so far.
Prescribed Macrobid after misdiagnosis. 2nd day, I was yellow, vomiting, dizzy, weak. Hospitalised at hospital emergencies. Took doctors one week to confirm Macrobid was the reason for my liver failure. Almost lost my life.
I was on this medication for approximately 5 years.  The last couple of years, I had increasing anxiety and depression.  I never increased my initial dose of 2 mg. at night to help with sleep.  My PDoc continued to insist that it was not the Klonopin that was causing my anxiety and depression.  Who knows?  I weaned myself off of the medication SLOWWLY over 4 months.  It really took me that amount of time, even that may have been too fast for me.  When it works, it 's a helpful me.  Problem is that many people tend to build a tolerance to the med and will likely need to increase the dose to get the same effect, hence feelings of withdrawal that can come on automatically.  I know everyone has his/her own opinion about this drug.
My Dr told me basically nothing else has worked so what do u want him to do. The seroquel seemed to at first but I gained weight quickly and people are always asking if I 'm expecting because I look maybe 5 months pregnant. I have paranoia problems as well with anxiety. I have suicidal thoughts throughout the day but I don 't share that with my Dr because I don 't want to get put in a hospital so I keep that to myself. I 'm extremely depressed and it doesn 't help me sleep. I can 't sleep because of the thoughts going crazy in my head. So I have to take ambien.  I 'm sick of all these medications. I also take wellbutrin for depression and Xanax for anxiety. the Xanax helps but when I try to pull back from using it my body jerks. I know I need help
I tried the Estradiol (Climara) made by Mylan for all of 45 minutes! First of all, the darn thing is so huge, it would serve better as a coaster for my morning coffee! I 'm a small woman and could find no feesible place on my body to put the patch. When I finally settled on a place and put it there, it fell off immediately!! And kept falling off! I finally taped it to me and went to bed. The next morning, it had fallen off even with the tape in place! I never experienced this with Minivelle or Vivelle-Dot! Their glue is incredible! Great! The latter 2 cost a bit more, but it 's so worth it!
I went on trinesa to regulate my periods and help with acne I would get around my period. My dermatologist prescribed it to me so I never thought it would make my skin worse but it did. I got severe cystic acne all around my checks, jawline and neck. I did it for three months. When my acne got really bad in month two I saw a dermatologist and she said to stay on it for three months and if my breakouts were still bad then to get off it. So now I&rsquo;ve been off it for about a week and my acne is the worst it has ever been. My skin was completely clear during the summer and now it is so severe I never want to leave my apartment. My dermatologist now thinks I&rsquo;ll need to go on accutane to fix what trinessa did to my skin. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND
Seasonique was the first birth control medication I tried. Of course I was attracted to the idea of 4 periods a year. During my second month of my second cycle of Seasonique, I had break through bleeding for over three weeks when I wasn 't supposed to have any bleeding until the end of the third month. I also had moderate weight gain, intense cravings, moderate issues with acne, and hysterical crying episodes. I switched to a birth control where I get my period once a month and have had none of these issues.
I 've been on and off Effexor since 2004.  Mostly taken for post partum depression.  I also have BPD and used it for only 6mths. I found that Effexor made me numb.  It makes sense in the beginning but I want to learn how to deal with my emotions and after about six months I start getting withdrawal symptoms because it is no longer working, even though I take as perscribed.  That is what I hate the most the withdrawal symptoms are horrible.  I found working out aggressively like at least 1.5hrs a day gives me better results than this.  It took two weeks for the withdrawal symptoms to subside and I was on the lowest dose.
Fasting sugars still high.  Even at an increased dose to 1000 mg/2x day. From day 1, I had diarrhea, which did not abate. Ended up with excruciating painful fissures and had to have surgery. Recovery time was awful. All due to metformin.
I have very little memory of my time taking Gabapentin - which is part of the problem with the drug.  For some people it 's OK, but for me my memory from that time is like a black hole.  I remember starting it, a few flashes while taking it, but I don 't remember tapering off the drug.  It 's like I lost 6 months of my life.  I couldn 't even tell you if it helped with the pain.
I got this implant shortly after my c-section.. My periods have been so irregular and I spot for months...I got it January 2013 today may 4 2016 I began my period a couple days ago and it 's never been this heavy and clotted I don 't know if this is normal I have to change my tampon every hour it 's a regular size tampon but I feel light headed too idk but this implant has been not worth the mess is rather just have it once a month for a week then deal with this!!!
After fighting with my insurance to get Belsomra, thinking it would work well for me the exact opposite is true. The medication has had no effect on my Sleep Maintenance Insomnia ( waking in the middle of night) all it has actually done is make me feel worse through out the morning and most of the day.This medication may work for a few but not for the majority. Just look up all the reviews. What a waste of Money.
I had a fractured femur from being hit by a car. Morphine was used initially during the acute pain. On the second day Percodan was prescribed, even though I wasn 't in great pain. After a few days, had loss of appetite, inability to urinate and severe constipation. Stopped Percodan, Tylenol was adequate to relieve pain.
On the first day of the tablet I was perfectly fine, but the third day onwards was the worst. I had to take 4 a day for 7 days, and I did so, but the side effects were unbearable, I had back pains and gas in my stomach, but the worst was the nausea, they should definitely consider predcribing these tablets, they are the worst ones I have ever taken.
I tried the 75 mcg no relief and dr refused to give break thru pain meds told me to use OTC meds alternate Tylenol and Advil every 2 hrs for the 1st month, but she finally gave me ten pain pills for 1st month. So the end month I go to 150mcg and get copay help card- well after three days of runaround they tell me the card only works for 1st month. If the pharmacy puts it in right so my script had a 79.99$ copay which I can not afford. Tried to ask why they advertise help with copay yet they don 't really offer help. So instead of paying $30. For second month I had to pay full copay so just make sure you can afford it before you start it. Oh and no the film don 't actually help as the 150s actually bunch and not melt so
The first couple of months  was good, but  after that I have increased acne and heavy spotting.
I began taking this amlopidine for high blood pressure about a year ago. It worked fine for several months til I started having swelling and pain in my feet and legs. I was having some attacks of gout and thought that was it that causing the problem but the pain and swelling went on long after the gout. I got to where I could hardly walk. My wife noticed that swelling was a side effect. I quit the medicine immediately, and noticed a huge difference within a week. I have been off the medicine for 3-4 mths, but still have some problems with swelling and pain although not near as severe. I have also have developed knots in my calves while on this medicine that has not went away since stopping the medicine. I fear I have irreversible damage.
Synthroid gave me horrible migraines, two to three a week.  Nothing seemed to alleviate them except getting off of the medication
I recommend staying as far away from this pill as possible. Only 3 weeks in and cystic acne everywhere on chin and forehead   other breakouts. Keep in mind I have never suffered from acne or breakouts before!!! Also extremely bloated, always fatigued, and made me very nauseous. Please avoid this birth control!! Getting back on the one I was on for 5 1/2 years (tri-previfem). Don 't know why I even switched...terrible decision. Never been so self conscious in my entire life. After all these negative  reviews and my personal experience, I 'm quitting this pill today.
Caused headache, irritability, constipation, and blurred vision.
I would never recommend this medicine. I had a bad reaction from it and I will never take it again and neither should you.
Since getting this about 3 weeks ago, I have been vomiting and having diarrhea nonstop. It 's the end of the semester so I have been trying to go to work and class extremely fatigued and running out of class or work to vomit before returning. I am also nauseous a lot. In addition to this I think I have the first yeast infection I 've gotten in my life, and I 'm much more irritable than usual. I already have bipolar II and borderline personality disorder, along with generalized anxiety disorder and PTSD, and it 's definitely made my mood swings worse (though it is hard to tell because they 're already severe, as you can well imagine). I have lost about 10 pounds because of the constant vomiting and haven 't had my period yet since I 've been on it.
Flonase has not been effective at reducing my nasal congestion.  At 1/8 the cost, Oxymetazoline hydrochloride has been a great deal more effective for me.
Please make sure you are not allergic to this drug. I had no idea I was and ended up with horrible allergic reactions. Shortness of breath, heavy chest, rapid pulse-it was at 120 beats per minute for 2 days straight, now it comes and goes. It has been 4 days and I am not better. I really have felt like an anxiety or panic attack is happening all the time. 
No side effects, 15 days after taking the 1 week supply plus the 1 week refill... and my infection has come again... this is a nightmare...steer clear
Horrible burning. I wish I had read these reviews before trying it. I used it once years ago and did not have this problem, so I didn 't bother reading up on the product (Monistat 7).
I used other medications prescribed by 2 dermatologists and my family doc for rosacea for about 7 years with only minor efficacy. (Onraltea does hide it though) A  'senior ' dermatologist diagnosed the problem as exzema and prescribed Protopic 0.1%. I used it as prescribed for 5 or 6 months and it seemed to be controlling the redness. I stopped applying it for a few weeks while having facial laser treatments. When I next applied Protopic one week ago, my skin burned, swelled and became extremely dry and flaky. The burn/swelling problem continues and is being treated. Full disclosure: I had the same experience with the rosacea medication Rosiver.
Horrible!l! I 'm 36 and have NEVER been like this. I stared at a razor blade for 10-15 minutes before I realized what was going on. I called my doc as soon as they were open. I was a zombie. I was crying for zero reason, this drug did the exact opposite of what it 's supposed to do.
Medication was a joke. I 've had issues with ADD and my doctors have refrained from prescribing me controlled substances, however Guanfacine (for the treatment of ADHD) felt insulting. A high blood pressure medication certainly isn 't suitable for the treatment of what has been a debilitating medical condition for my entire life. Luckily, I 'm back on Vyvanse and able to live a healthy, productive life without the influence of illicit drugs and alcohol. Dual disorders require treatment of ALL the underlying conditions, you can 't spare one and hope it goes away while you treat the other.
Insurance company kept trying to get me to try the generic. The mail order pharmacy sent the solu tab - did not work at all.
Hair loss, bloating, headache, night sweats, stretch marks on inner thighs and increased frequency on bowel motion.
My doctor prescribed this for me due to heart palpitations to go along with another medication Pristiq. This medication did nothing for me other than increase my appetite .I gained 8 lbs in 2 weeks. Have stopped taking it.
Had IUD Mirena inserted last April, 2015, it was excruciating. I bleed for 10 days 1st 3 months &amp; had consent spotting. My periods are dark black blood clots &amp; very few months of heavey red bleeding. There are months I have anywhere to 2/3 periods. I also had extremely bad anxiety/depression, crying fits, gnarly headaches, major cramps and severe mood swings, family hates me/it!!!! I decided to do IUD after Loestrin 24 was disconnected. Am 44 &amp; ever had children. Calling to get it out &amp; back on the pill. I do not recommend this product.
Body aches, fever, chest pain, heavy chest, problems breathing, stomach pain.
This medication did not work for me at all.
I was given this med for RLS/PLM. This medication kept me up most of the night with a bucket to vomit into. Hummm.... Which to chose, RLS/PLM vs Severe nausea/ Vomiting? 
My boyfriend and I discovered that it made him go soft after about 10-15 minutes! It must be something to do with the hormones releasing...I don 'tknow. All I know is he would go soft every time when I had it in and ever since I switched back to the pill he hasn 't!
I have had this thing in my arm for almost a week and i feel like a basket case! I am crying all the time and angry about everything. I feel depression creeping on me. I know not everyone has this same experience but be careful! I have been clinging to the Lord this week. I couldn 't imagine how things would be if I didnt know myself well enough and I didnt know Jesus. Needless to say this thing is coming out asap. I was going to give it a month but I don 't think i can last that long!
Could not tolerate this drug during chemo rxHated it prescribed for thee cycles of my red  devil chemo treatmentIt caused paranoia constipation which caused increased vomiting and also probably added to the chemonesia issues Zophran Was replaced by Emend and i had 180 degree different drug and had no issues whatsoeverZophran interferes with serotonin in the brain
It 's crazy to me that there are so many good reviews, because this pill was bad for me! Every BODY is different and we all react differently...but I definitely did not have a good experience with this one. I 've been on and off many other birth controls but never reacted to any like I did to this one. Within a week, I was a deranged, emotional, roller-coaster of a mess...cried over nothing for no reason, randomly and couldn 't control it, almost ended my then 3 year relationship...depression to the max. Immediately asked my Dr. to take me off it and within a couple days I was back to normal. So crazy how much hormones can mess with you! You just have to find the right combination that works for your body.
I 've had BV for the past 8 months and they always prescribe clindamycin and it always came back then they gave me Metronidazole. And the smell was gone by my second pill I couldn 't be more happy
I was switched by my pharmacy from Aviane to Orsythia. After three months of trying it I have requested to go back to Aviane or try something else. It made me have longer periods and mood swings. I would feel like I wanted to cry at everything. I am glad I read the reviews on here and it was not just me. 
I have been taking Lexapro for 5 weeks now. In the first two weeks I thought it was having a positive affect on my moods, anxiety and depression. However, in the last 3 weeks, I seem to have reverted back and may have even regressed further back before I even started taking the drug. I have had more suicidal thoughts, desire to be left alone, high anxieties, extreme mood swings, and no motivation. I feel alone, with no hope. I have less interest in things I enjoy now than i did before taking Lexapro. My doctor told me that it would take 4-6 weeks for the medication to realize it 's full effect/potential. Entering my 6th week, it 's time for me and my doctor to consider alternatives.
This was great for pain relief for the two months I was taking it. The problems I had far out weighted any benefits. I was suffering from blackouts where I would do things and not remember doing them. The depression, nausea, and headaches were unbearable too. I have been off it for 2 months now and am just starting to feel better. I 'll live with the on-average 8 pain.
What is thiisssssss?! My vagina is on firrrreeeeee!! So torturous!! I have never in my life felt this kind of pain!  There has to be another treatment that is not going to cause this much pain!  Dying.
I was on it for 6 months. I listened to everyone, doctor included giving it the fair trial to allow it to adjust in my system. However, the end result was worse then how it started. Within the 1st week on the pill my mood swings were absurd and my sex drive gone. I started my period  only for it to last 12 days and continued having 2 periods a month and constant brown discharge. I have been off this pill for 2 months still waiting for all of the side effects to taper off.  My skin stayed the same, acne was never a problem. My chest stayed the same. I didn 't gain any weight but I had far too many emotional &quot;fat&quot; days!
just diagnosed with COPD a few weeks ago. My GP put me on Spiriva Respimat Inhaler. In a few days I broke out with skin rash on my back, chest, upper arms.lower legs, etc. Immediately discontinued the Spiriva and was put on a different drug. No complications from the new drugs in the past 2 or 3 weeks so far.
This is the first time I 've ever had a yeast infection, I 'm 21 and it 's probably because my diabetes is out of wack. I inserted the cream at about 2 am and by 5 I was crying in the shower washing it off. EVERYTHING is swollen. My vagina is swollen shut, my vulva is so swollen if my legs aren 't all the way spread they touch. I have broken my back before and I 'm 99% sure this pain is worse. I took a Vicodin an hour ago and it hasn 't helped. I 'm NEVER using this product again!
Can 't find a med to stop my brain from thinking when I go to bed. Tried temazepam first and it didn 't work for 3 hours. Xanax and lorazepam were the  same. But if I stop a sleep aid I will be up until 6 or 7 am with no sleep and  I feel anxious
After effects:  brown spider-like veins appeared on treated halobetasol area.
Didn 't seem to do anything apart from making me tired and depressed. When I finally came off the drug it was like I was given my life back. It didn 't seem to help the migraines either, in fact it was while I was on the drug that I had the worst migraine of my life.
I took the first dose tonight at 7 pm. It was the most horrid thing I 've ever tasted. I gagged several times. I honestly didn 't expect it to taste so horrible or I would have asked about ways to disguise the taste or chasers. I see that several people recommend using a lemon wedge, which I will try. I 'm also wondering if I can sip juice or ginger ale after each taste? I am a small person, weigh under 120 and I feel like everything has already passed out of my body. Just clear liquid for the past hour. I 'm wondering if I need to take the entire second dose in the morning? It seems it would just dehydrate me.
I took this when I was ovulating , I know we were being reckless . I haven 't gotten my period it 's 4 days late now, and I took two pregnancy test and both came out negative.. Not sure if I worked because I still haven 't gotten my period
I was taking 2 tablets twice a day. I stopped because I realised this prolonged, dull heavy headache was caused by this. It was lasting days, I don 't really get headaches and thought it was something separate. It 's now Tuesday and I stopped them on Thursday after a week and a half. Still got the headache (which is really bad and no signs of going) , heavy head, light headedness and bad stomach. I 've noticed dehydration symptoms too. Stay away from this it 's really bad.
I was on Zoloft for about 8 years for severe generalized anxiety disorder and major depressive disorder. I was eventually maxed out (200mg) and I felt awful. I couldn 't feel emotions at all, it was almost like depression but less hopeless. I felt like a zombie. Or a robot. I also had pretty severe sexual side effects as well. Got taken off, and I feel like a real human again. I 'm on Wellbutrin now.
I am 25 years old and have been using a birth control since I was 14 years old. Therefore I have gone through numerous birth control switches.NEVER in my life have I actually noticed symptoms of a medication than before using this. At first I thought I could have been pregnant. Taking 3 different tests (all which being negative) I realized it had to be from this birth control. I have been on this for one month and today after almost fainting cause I felt so sick. I refuse to take one more pill. Throughout this one month I have visibly bloated in my stomach, my breasts enlarged. I have felt nauseous every single day. My anxiety and depression has been at an all time high,not to mention I am agitated about pretty much anything. DONT RECOMMEND
The patches kept coming off after 2 to 3 days. The backing is way to hard and not   enough to peel off 2nd half without touching 1st half of patch causing that part not to adhere to skin. Bayer should really consider 3M 's adhesive manufacturing and backing that peels with ease and stays on until removed and in water.
The first time I had bv I was given cream for 5 days that worked fine, the second time with bv I had pills they were better than cream. 3 rd time with bv pill again for 7 days after day 2 the worst side effects ever had with any meds, only on day 4 and don 't want to take anymore pills, metal taste in mouth, constant nausea, head aches I hate this pill but it seem its taking long to clear up. Still having discharge I rather have the cream.
I 've been on Tri-Sprintec and it has been good for me. I 've been getting my period regularly but my skin is very important to me. I 've been getting so much more acne than before I started taking it. I am no longer on them. 
I have taken Lactaid fast action twice now ( one week apart ) both times within hours I had diarrhea and vomiting. Won 't be using this product again.
I got diagnosed with ADHD very early in life. They had me an Adderall. I stopped taking It around age 18. Now that I 'm 21 and the ADHD is still prevalent I went to get help. They started me on Welbutrin to hell curb the depression and maybe help with the ADHD. I think my depression is cause by the ADHD. Not depression is cause ADHD. The welbutrin hasn 't done to much for the ADHD side, but has helped with mood. I 'd give a higher rating if this was depression.
I have always used Natural Family Planning until my husband and I started working at the same hospital and our hours made it impossible to keep track of everything like we had previously. I decided I 'd try the lowest dose of Birth Control which is the Nuva ring. I had it in for less than one week because I became extremely depressed, crying spells, constipated, and nauseated. All of this mattered but I felt like my body needed to adjust to this... until, after sex I was bleeding and the left side of my vagina was very painful. 
My doctor prescribed Trazodone as a miracle cure for my insomnia. On the first night I took a 50 mg pill and I did not sleep at all. In the morning I had strong palpitations, hand tremor, dry mouth and eyes and panic disorder symptoms. I had to stop the drug immediately. I felt frustrated. Back to Ambien.
This medication killed my father. He took it for 3 weeks having been prescribed this for his first episode of atrial fibrillation. The autopsy results were a definitive cause of death due to lung and liver toxicity caused by the cordarone. Do not take this medicine. It will kill you.
I was given a prescription of Clotrimazole 10 mg Troche. It did not work for me and made my mouth raw with big single blisters 3 or 4. Scary stuff. I started Wednesday afternoon with one single dose and took the medicine for 4 more days. It made the taste of mouth worse. I had to stop it and let the physician know.
My doctor prescribed me Ocella last year and I remembered it made me feel horrible, but not the exact reason why. My vagina is always dry no matter how excited I am and sex is horrible. I noticed that when I wasn 't having sex! Now that I 'm having sex regularly, my libido is really low. I think it 's too much estrogen for me. Overall most days I just feel sick and my period was just light spotting, so I guess that was the only benefit coming from week long periods.
This is way too sweet.  I was nauseated after the first 8 oz and the nausea never went away.  I much preferred the plain ol ' Golytely they used to use.
I have been on this birth control for about 7 months now. First 4 months were fine, didn 't improve my heavy period or lessen the days I have my period (7). The 5th month I bled for 1 1/2 months, after I went through that I got the side effects. CONSTANT headache, super nauseous all the time, I have no energy whatsoever, tons of problems with my contact lenses, im dizzy all the time, lost partial vision in my right eye for about 1 day, I don 't have a sex drive anymore. This is the worst birth control I 've ever taken!!!
Went to my eye doctor for my yearly bout of allergic conjunctivitis, happens as soon as the trees start pollinating. Got my first prescription for Pataday and was shocked at the cost, with insurance I paid $135.00!. I really wanted these drops to work! I suffer from red, burning and itcy eyes, mild morning upper eyelid swelling. These drops never burned, they also never worked! I saw zero improvement in my eyes appearance or feeling after 4 weeks of use, they look they look and feel the same. Pharmacist thought I might be allergic to Pataday and suggested I try OTC Zaditor next, much cheaper! Very Disappointed!
Absolute worst pill ever. I switched onto this pill bc I was having spotting and constant yeast infections on other pills. Switched onto minastrin in early December. Immediate weight gain. Not 1-2 lbs, 15lbs. I am an active female. I work out 4-5 times a week for 5-10 miles. I kept gaining weight no matter what. No sex drive. No period which is scary and a problem onto itself. I was just switched to another pill to see if these side effects diminish. Terrible pill. 15 pounds in 5 months. Not worth it. Stay away.
felt the pain of cold sore got up put abreva hours later severe pain more abreva...three hours later lips white with abreva and the damn sores multiplied and went to top lip!!!! this used to work but lately Not!
Horrible hot flashes and depression.
I was prescribed Augmentin 875 mg 2times a day for 10 days... I took it for 5 days and it seemed to be working to clear up the sinus infection but I had to stop taking it because it gave me the worst yeast infection I have ever had in my life. I read someone else 's comments about their tongue swelling and having ulcers on it, thus is oral thrush or a yeast infection on the tongue. I had to take 7 days of diflucan and eat plain yogurt to get rid of it. And I had to stop taking the Augmentin. I tried to start back taking it in halves but the yeast infection in my mouth came back. So I had to get more plain yogurt with probiotics to get rid of it. I can not take this medicine.
Taken off Escitalopram 10mg which I was on for years and put onto Paroxetine 20mg for generalised anxiety and sleep disorder. Experienced terrible side effects- dizziness and almost fainting, headache, tingling extremeties, nausea, weight loss. I was feeling like a whole different person in general. But nothing was worse than the withdrawal effects. I basically felt like a walking dead person- all of the above plus severe flu-like symptoms- I literally couldn 't leave bed for days. Took a couple of weeks to feel good again but had to start taking escitalopram again to get there.
My 7 year old son was put on Intuniv for about a month. At first he was having trouble sleeping and moody. He was getting worse in school never smiled, roller coaster mood swings and would cry easily. He even got to a point where he was suicidal. We stopped giving it to him and he is having withdrawal issues. He was only taking 1 mg of Intuniv. He was a lot better on the Focalin. 
I took Sprintec for two weeks and couldn 't stand the side effects any longer. They seemed to help me get a grip on my hormone levels but I became overly depressed and for two nights, sat awake and contemplated suicide. I cried for an entire night. I discontinued Sprintec the next day and haven 't had the severe depression or suicidal thoughts. Never ever again will I take Sprintec. The side effects are NOT worth it!
I was on the shot for a year. I spotted for months at a time which didn 't seem like a good trade off for no period. I also experience mood swings that I couldn 't seem to control. My acne got out of control and I had break outs in areas that I didn 't normally have issues with. Then to top it all off I gained about 15lbs while on this shot. To me the pro (convenience of getting one shot every three months) didn 't out way the cons.
This is the third and most likely last hormonal BCP I tried in order to reduce the debilitating pain I go through almost every month, on the first or second day of my period. If I don 't wake up before my period cramps start to take some pain medication, there 's a 90% chance I 'll be throwing up whatever medication I take and then 3-4 times again after until I eventually fall asleep exhausted from all the vomit, diarrhea, dry heaving... I switched to this pill because the first BCP I tried made me have week long breakthrough bleeding and second one left me depressed. This pill though left me severely depressed with no energy and made me bleed for 20 days straight... Sure the cramps were gone but I rather go through my cramps than this any day
My 17 yr old daughter has been on Ritalin XL for three years, after having tried Concerta and Adderral. The doctor switched her to Intuniv and its reeked havoc on her body. She developed constipation so quickly, we thought she had appendicitis--ended up in emergency room!  To date she has slept about 18-20 hours per day, has eaten only 1/2 grilled cheese and some blueberries in 24 hours. She 's also light headed and dizzy. Last night she thought someone was showering at 4am.  From reading these experiences, I believe Intuniv isn 't right for her body. We know many kids it 's worked for--unfortunately, not ours.
56 y/o HEALTHY F w/slightly high BP. Put me on amlodipine in June. In 48 hours my joints hurt. Felt like I was in a fog, anxiety elevated. Told Dr I was healthy running 1/2 marathons and now can barely run 3km due to above. Told Dr I just didn 't feel right. Told benefits outweighed side effects. August went to Urgent Care &amp; asked them to do Lyme test cuz of aches and neck pain - negative. Thanks giving week elbow pain unbearable, trouble walking downstairs knees hurt, knees and thighs swollen. Called Dr. Went off. Immediately fog lifted, still anxious as I don 't feel right. Joints still achy &amp; knees hurt. Back/neck trouble past two weeks hoping they 'll go away and I 'll feel better. HATE amlodipine. Started on HCT, see Dr next week.
Wide awake all night . Fail
My Mirena caused severe cramping 4 days a week, an inflamed cervix, and caused weight gain. Doc kept saying I was just adjusting. After 1.5 years I got it out and feel so much better. Seriously consider how this can affect your health.
I 've never felt so angry in my life than on this drug! Terrible!!!!Frustrating because doctors won 't prescribe my OxyContin I 've been on for 9 years ( that completely helped my back after 3 failed surgeries) anymore because of all the irresponsible people abusing it! HOW IS THAT FAIR!?  So annoyed that people who really need it  have to pay the price! So I 've been trying all this junk that has terrible side effects.
I was prescribed this drug after my liver decided it was going to show sensitivity to statins.  Im in tears right now.  Its only been 4 days and I 've been experiencing severe joint pain, muscle tenderness, chest pain, and now woken up by a night terror.  I dont know what im going to do, but ai cant take this drug anymore.  It 's frightening!
I have been on Beyaz for a little over a week and I feel like a crazy person. Like so many of the comments I 've read, I also switched from Yaz to Beyaz after its Bayer Saver 's Program expired. Now I have headaches almost daily and am extremely moody. It 's terrible.
I 've been on Yaz for a year and a half. Before I was ever on birth control I was very calm and a very easy going person. Ever since I went on Yaz I 've been overly moody and angry all the time. I 've lost my interest in doing anything new and now my husband and I fight all the time. I also bleed irregularly and have constant random spotting. On top of that I developed gallstones and had to have my gall bladder removed. The only good thing that Yaz has done for me is prevent pregnancy. The only reason I haven 't changed to a different birth control is because I have been overseas until a few weeks ago and the birth control I want was not available there. I have an appointment to change birth control this week.
Most definitely the worst experience I 've ever had with medication. Horrible and constant vomiting, completely liquid and black diarrhea, I wasn 't able to eat for 3 days, couldn 't even drink without vomiting, couldn 't sleep because of the constant vomiting and diarrhea, just absolute hell. I took the pill just a single time. One pill.
First day using Testim. Insurance made me change from andrgel pump bottle. The smell in testim is so strong and noxious i had an allergic asthmatic reaction. I 'm wheezy and have a massive headache from it. Why does anything medical need to be made with a scent?  Lots of people have scent allergies.
The first six months of this pill were a dream. I had been so fed up all the other pills I 've tried. There was no weight gain (I was able to lose my freshman 15) and my sex drive was great, though no improvement or decline of the acne situation. Six months in, I started getting two periods a month and gained 20 pounds in places I 've never gained weight before. My emotions have been absolutely out of control: constantly irritable, always on the verge of tears, and no energy. I 'm still on it for the simple fact that going off it could cause unbearable depression-- I 've tried before. Currently attempting to get to my home gyno and get a new prescription. 
Ketoacidosis without coma. A really wonderfully emergency room trip.  The doc was called 2 times before emergency and was not worried. Train the docs to look for problems. The stuff I read really seems to down play the danger. This drug will kill people but don 't worry, do the math it will pay back before all of the deaths. A drug that almost killed me is totally  effective. My blood sugar was reduced and I lost weight
My dentist prescribed me this after having a tooth pulled. After the first day on this medication I woke up around 2am with diarrhea. I 've been on it for a week now and still have diarrhea numerous times throughout the day. I 've lost 4 pounds because of it. Also it 's left a small rash around my pubic area that hurts and itches like crazy making it painful to use the bathroom and wipe. 
Omg this stuff burns amd my vagina feels like a cactus is pokeing inside it itches sooooo bad!!!!!! This stuff is evil!!!
DO NOT TAKE THIS. there 's no other way to put it. I 've been on it for going on five months and ever since day one it has been awful. I 've become severely depressed I cry all the time I feel nauseous 24/7. My anxiety has gone through the roof. I feel like my whole life has changed for the worse ever since I started this medicine.
I did not enjoy being on tetracycline. I got extremely nauseous and almost vomited several times. It was a lot to put up with for little results. It also took a while before seeing results. I also noticed I was bruising a lot easier. I switched to minocycline which I like A LOT better, I noticed better results and I have no side effects! If you 're having the same problem as I did with the side effects, switching to minocycline (the sister of tetracycline) may be beneficial for you! Goodluck! I know acne can be super stressful but don 't let it get you down, it never looks as bad as you think
It took me 30 minutes to get down the first mixture it has now been over 2 hours and nothing has passed. Getting the mixture down was horrible but I already have bad nausea on a daily basis and I have to consume food and water slowly to help prevent it.
This drug was a nightmare for me. I have Mood Regulation Disorde. I was totally anxiety ridden one minute and hiding in my closet crying the next. Tired as heck one minute then hyper and crazy the next. I have never had mood swings this severe in my life. This medication also gave me tons of other physical symptoms such as high blood pressure, nausea, and a general feeling of being happy and sad at the same time. I 've tried a ton of meds, and this is the worst one to date. Also, it should be noted, if your sensitive to weight gain, the trials on the drug did show 1-2 lbs gained in 3 weeks. So you might want to watch out for that.
horrible medication! Was given this antihistamine for anxiety, it gave me hallucinations and nightmares about people dying and cartoon animal trying to kill me. The feeling didn 't go away the next day. It took me two days to get it out of my system. Worst medication ever!!!!
This medicine absolutely almost ruined my life, to the point I was going to lose EVERYTHING.  It made me nauseous,  tired,  loss of sex drive , made me want to drink 24/7 all because I DIDN 'T CARE ANYMORE!  I lost 2 jobs, because I had no desire to function basically.  I have been off it for 2 weeks now now and the side effects from coming off this medication is not bad at all.  I feel happy again,  a little anxiety but omg I 'll deal with it the natural way. ...exercise or just enjoy my family again.  
This medication was not effective as a muscle relaxant or pain relief. I was on a 10mg dose once a day. I discontinued medication  as it was not effective.
I have only taken this for 2 nights. I am a zombie, and it is now 4:30 am and I just awoke from the most disturbing dream I 've ever had. 
The only reason I gave this birth control a 2 was because it made my periods last two days and my acne wasn 't as bad. That 's the only good thing I have to say about it. It has my anxiety come back, severe nausea, bad acid reflux, migraines, mood swings, insomnia, depression at times, and extremely tender breasts. It 's hard to go off someone else 's experiences cause everyone is different. 
I had the Implanon inserted on July 24, 2009 and had a little bruising, but nothing too serious.  Two weeks later I had a very painful period, where I couldn 't get out of bed, literally! My period usually lasts 3-5 days, and on Implanon it lasted almost 2 weeks.  No it wasn 't spotting, it was still bright red blood.  But 6 weeks later, I am still spotting! I have changed my eating habits and work out 6 days a week, and have not been able to drop a pound! I have no sex drive either and have had more acne in the past 2 months than I have ever had in my life.  
When I was in my 20s I had a pneumonia shot and they said I would never need another one.  My doctor insisted I have this new one.  I didn 't want it and he knew it but a nurse was standing there with the shot and I let them administer it in my upper right arm towards the back.   The same day, my arm was useless and I had to hold on to it as it hurt so bad.  I kept trying to get into the doc. but was turned down.  I only lived a block away and went into his office but would not see me.  This was, guessing, a year and some ago.   My arm hurt that much for a week and then started to be able to move it.  But, the shoulder joint of that arm is still very painful.  I am in therapy for my right arm.  Rapid heatbeat and breathing too.
I 'd been on Victoza for over a year. I never lost any weight. I didn 't really see much of a difference in my A1C 's, but kept taking it because my sugars at least weren 't going up. My current A1C is 7.2.  A couple months ago, I started having major bloating problems, including nausea and occasional vomiting. It progressed to a hospitalization for chest pain (ruled out cardiac) and then to GI who did UGI as well as Gastric Emptying Study and showed Gastroparesis. OMG!! The GI doc said Victoza is notorious for causing this. Thank God my case is reversible because I caught it early enough. Of course no more Victoza for me!!!
Hospitalized for 5 days with DVT in both arms.  During my stay I was given lovenox and warfarin.  Upon discharge, I visited my regular MD and was put on Xeralto.  Thirty days later I was admitted to hospital again, but with DVT 'S up and down both arms. I would not recommend anyone to take this medication.  I had a horrible experience, not to mention scary experience while being on this medication.
I 'm a 47 years old man that had NEVER ever in my life had taken an anti depressent.  I have always had anxiety and would take xanax as needed .25mg. First few weeks of February I had a lot of negative things happen in my life and my anxiety went through the roof and I was borderline depressed. My Dr Perscribed me Lexapro 10mg. THAT WAS THE WORST 8 DAYS OF MY LIFE. I got upset stomach. And in the first 3 days I started talking to myself and had suicidal thoughts and aggression.  I was absolutely scared out of my mind. My anxiety worsened to the point where I couldn 't sleep for 3 days. I was literally dying inside. So my Dr stopped it. Then withdrawal set in. 5 days later I 'm coming out of it. I 'm on seroquel now. MUCH BETTER. Actually helps the anxiety.
I switched to FE 1/20 from Sprintec birth control and it 's been nothing but hell. I don 't know if it 's my body that 's reacting so negatively or what but I hate this birth control. It hasn 't even been a full month and I 'm already on the urge of losing my mind. I 've been crying almost everyday, snapping at people feeling depressed and hated..it 's unreal. I 've never been so sad in my life. My headache also gotten much worse than before. The only positive is it made my boobs bigger and period lighter.
This was prescribed to me for bladder spasms and I took it for a couple months and it did nothing but make the spasms worse. It actually made my pelvic floor muscles so tight that I had to push to urinate. I 've tried it on more than one occasion and it was always an unpleasant and unhelpful experience.
I was on implanon for exactly one year before I got it removed. I did not like this birthcontrol as I had horrible side-effects. I chose this birth control because the only birth control I 've been on was Depo the shot, which I got every three months, so I thought three years that 's great. However after about 6 months I felt as though I was losing weight, I had what felt like constant spotting, so my menstruation  never stopped it felt like and my libido was in over-drive. So the doctor said one year to the day I got it took out and went back on the shot, where I 'll stay.
I had eye pain migraines and nausea. I lost weight because of the nausea also.
It has made me irritable, socially awkward, has not helped my anxiety, makes me light-headed a for a bit after I take it, and gives me the general sense that something is &quot;off&quot;
I took 2 pills twice daily and after 10 days my urine flow was lessened.will try lesser dose.I think I% gave me an appetite but just small amts was ok. Just concerned abt the urine flow.
I took 2 of the Ducolax pills last night around 8 pm, I should have known better, as I did this about 4 years ago and ended up taking an ambulance ride to the ER, after cold sweats, horrible cramping, nausea, &amp; horrible bleeding from the rectum.  I guess I thought this time would be better.  I awoke around 4:30 a.m. with horrible stomach cramping, cold sweats and a feeling that I was about to faint.  I woke my fiancee to let him know that the medicine was making me very sick &amp; please don 't let me die if I passed out. (Yes, I felt that bad)  Ran back and forth to restroom about 10-12 x and finally worked.  I have back pain all day, like I 'm in back labor and I feel sick. Never ever again!!!!
Was diagnosed with Sjogrens syndrome several years ago and prescribed Plaquenil.  While taking Plaquenil I had no difference in my symptoms.  After doing years of research I believe that I may have been misdiagnosed and actually have a parasitic infection (not malaria)!
After having my second baby, I got my period back at 6.5 weeks postpartum even though I EBF! My periods were really heavy after my first child so I wanted to be on the pill to decrease my menstral flow. Since I 'm breast feeding, my doc perscribed me with this mini pill and it has been the worst birth control medication I have ever been on. I am getting my period twice a month, with each cycle lasting about a week. It 's ridiculous! I just finished my 2nd month being on the pill and I am stopping now. I would rather deal with the heavy flow then the 2 times a month flow!
I was prescribed Strattera for ADD 40 mg. and I was only on it for 6 days. I was warned about the side effect of having nausea and to eat before taking meds in the morning. I started Strattera on a Saturday morning and by that night I had diarrhea so bad that I thought I would have to sleep sitting on the toilet, I also had the feelings of being constantly angry,  I had really bad headaches, depression,  tireness, it worsened my anxiety and any time I would eat I ended up on the toilet for quite a while.  I was put on Strattera to help me with my ADD lack of concentration, etc,  needless to say, it didn 't work what so ever. My poor butt thanked me when I quit taking it, hahaha.
I had cellulitis near my ankle. Upon application of this drug I experienced severe burning, bumpy rash on both legs and arms. Resulted in nerve damage near my ankle/site of cellulitis. Beware!
Did not work at all
I don 't know if this has anything to do with orthovisc, but I have had continual shortness of breath, exhaustion and waves of nausea, especially following the second dose (I had 4).  These symptoms have continued for weeks and the hospital and doctors can find no other cause.
I have had hypothyroidism for 20 years. Levoxyl never worked. 
Updated Review: I had Liletta inserted at the end of March and had high hopes for it, as this was my first time using birth control and it seemed like a wonderful idea. The insertion was painful and I did have light cramping for the next three days or so but nothing I couldn 't handle. However, two weeks after insertion, I started noticing extreme bloating, followed by excruciating stomach pains, back pain and strong stabbing pains under my ribs. These symptoms landed me in the ER three times, while various blood tests and a sonogram were conducted with no abnormal results found.I had the IUD removed a month later and my body has gradually reverted back to normal.I would not recommend this device due to the extreme side effects I experienced
After 2 months, I haven 't had the slightest improvement.
I had the WORST  experience with this BC.  I started to take it after i had my daughter i  thought this is great  a period every 4 months!  NEGATIVE this was horrible.  When i did get my period i was in a lot of pain. I had mood swings, depression, gained about 40 pounds, and had constant discharge.  i wouldn 't recommend this to my worst enemy
This has got to be the worst birth control I 've ever had I got 2 months after I had my daughter in 2015. My period has been out of wack the whole time and February 22  2016 (my birthday) I had a miscarriage and June of 2017 I got pregnant and had a miscarriage. It 's supposed to be the best but I 'm still getting pregnant! so thank god on the 24 of July it will be out and on to something new. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Had to get an abortion just over a month ago. Wanted to use a different birth control because I started getting very sick after years of taking the pill. Depo seemed to be working fine for the first couple weeks. Then all the sudden I notice I am angry at almost everything. The next minute severely depressed. Yelling at my significant other for no reason. I already had mood swings before, and now its horrifying. I 've gained weight and feel awful about it. I just got my first spotting last week. I 'll bleed a lot. Then a little. Just waiting for it to end. Bad cramps everyday. I knew I shouldn 't have tried this method, but the pill makes me sick to my stomach. Not doing depo again, have to figure out something else... Again!
This is my third different antibiotic for a deep leg wound that was surgically debrided 4 weeks ago. I have taken Bactrim DS many times before for bladder infections with few side effects.This time I want to die. I ache all over. I am nauseated and haven 't eaten anything except a few oranges for 4 days. I am drinking ginger ale and water. I can barely walk because of weakness. My cat even walks ahead of me and stops to look back at me every few steps instead of us racing.  Lest anyone suggest I do not know how to take this med, I am a Registered Nurse and there is no need to question my proper dosing regimen. If it weren 't for the fact that I want to keep my lower leg and foot, I would toss this medicine in the trash.
My mom was hospitalized three days after taking a low dose of this poison. Even before she started, she was not really eating and drinking (receiving hydration IVs three days a week). Her liver was so swollen that she could barely swallow her tiny pain pills every four hours. We had to be creative -using honey and Jell-O to keep pills from getting stuck in her throat.I&rsquo;m guessing that this drug is intended for younger or healthier people, and that in my mom&rsquo;s case, it probably robbed her of some precious time with her family. She is so much weaker now than before.
Took this for nausea due to flue. It might have helped, I 'm not sure, but I took it twelve hours ago and now I have worst headache of life and nothing gets rid of it. I can 't move and I 'm very dizzy. Also slightly nauseous. Phenergan would have been better. Also this stuff tastes gross and I almost puked trying to swallow it. Would not take this again.
I 'm experiencing my first YI and this is my first time using monistat...I definitely will not be finishing the rest of the days I 've never felt so much pain in my life and I handle pain really well but THIS burning and itching the medicine caused I could not handle I rolled around on my floor crying for about 30min until I managed to get up and try to wash the medicine out... Now I 'm laying in bed and I can 't close my legs I don 't know how I 'm going to sleep tonight
osteoporosis,heart valve problems,insomnia,anxiety,bone pain,mdd, levothyroxine is not a good medication does more harm than good
I have had mild rosacea for over 20 years with occasion mild breakouts. Normally it is well managed and not visible unless I have had a bad few days. I have it over nose &amp; upper cheeks (T Zone) with blemishes when its bad. Normally I use Rozex. I was given Mirvaso as an alternative and after 5 days I had to take time off work because it inflamed so bad it turned my nose and upper cheeks a dark red / purple. Never use this cream, it feeds back on itself. i am still waiting for the redness to drop after 48 hours of not using it.  Stay away.
I have had only my first 2 shots, my last shot being June 23rd 2017, which was the day I was released from the psych ward, I decided that I wanted to see how I was going to do without the drugs and see how I am, my first shot was the week before, I didn 't even tell them I was hearing voices because I was at awe that I was and wanted to keep that to myself, I believe I was only hearing them for about 4 weeks but I can 't really say, even though I was experiencing many new things mentally, physically and emotionally, even before the voices, I would have rather felt that and heard voices, which I don 't hear anymore than to feel how I am now...literally zero emotions, don 't get pleasure for anything, don 't feel anything I mean anything
Awful I highly don 't recommend this pill. It has caused depression and anxiety throughout the whole time. I had a concussion so I couldn 't figure out what was causing me headaches but it was this pill and it didn 't help with cramps or how much I bled on my period
Stopped Nexium and Dr prescribed 150 mg generic Zantac (Ranitidine) twice daily.  About 14 hours from the first dose the GERD was back in full force.  At 3AM I resorted to 20 mg of Nexium and another 20 mg an hour later.  Worst night in many years.  Not sure if it takes time for this medicine to build up in my system but I can 't suffer from GERD and it did not work the first day.
First placed on this medication in 2012 with no improvement in condition.
Developed memory loss, (MMSE 16/30) , developed total body neuralgia, developed instability, developed cogging (regitity of muscle tone), developed Parkinsonian symptoms,
My daughter (21 yrs) had this awful drug inserted in her arm a year and a half ago. We just got it removed today after six months of trying to convince her doctor to remove it. She had to have 8 stitches and it was a very painful procedure. Since she had Nex inserted she has gained about 25 pounds, suffered from depression and anxiety, became anemic, broke out with body acne (she 's never had acne, other than an occasional pimple in her teens), been to the ER and Doctor several times for ovarian cysts (never had them before) and bleeds three to four weeks straight every three months. Her attitude has been extremely negative to put it lightly. She is so tired and has no energy almost every day. I hope she recovers quickly!
I have insomnia and trying to get off Ambien. Have taken 20 mg of Belsomra for 2 nights.  It does not make me sleepy, barely sleep, if at all.  I have really negative dreams related to self esteem and my legs really hurt, making it hard to walk and feels like I did an hour of squats. So far thumbs down!
I was prescribed Microgestin FE 1/20 after finding out my insurance didn 't cover Loloestrin Fe 1/20. Thought I 'd give it a try since my provider said it 's similar to loloestrin, however it has a higher dose of estrogen, and she suggested that no other BC will have lower estrogen than loloestrin. Paying for it out of pocket would be about $120 a month. I was on Microgestin for 2 weeks. I know that 's not long enough but it was long enough for me! My breasts were way sensitive and tender to the point that laying on my side felt uncomfortable and the reason why I decided to stop it all together was because sex was painful! My vagina was so dry that although I wanted to have sex, my parts weren 't working with me! LOL.
I am 44 years old and was recently diagnosed as ADD.  I am a successful professional that always had to work a little harder to achieve results due to my lack of concentration and tendency toward distractions.  I started taking Vyvanse, and have to admit I felt like Superwoman for about a week and ranted and raved about how much I was getting done without the jittery feeling most stimulants provide.  But then all in one day, I crashed.  I started getting extremely agitated.  I then would get so angry I would cry hysterically.  I quit taking the medication and within a few days my mood and attitude have leveled off.  Although, I have suffered from extreme vertigo and exhaustion since I have been off this medicine. I was on 30mg.
I received a Xologel perscription instead of my usual ketaconazole cream. I went to the local pharmacy and was shown a bill of $595. I laughed at the poor cashier, and said &quot;no thanks&quot;. Called my dermatologist back and got a cream for $30. There is a program on their website where people can get the drug for only  $10 on top of their co-pay if their insurance doesn 't cover the drug. What this seems to imply, is that if your insurance won 't pay, they will give it to you for what it is actually worth. A perfect example of the broken medical system and greed. The price of this drug has gone up over 400% in the last few years. Next time I see an Aqua box at my pharmacy it will be refused.
Horrible. I would not recommend this to my enemy. I went through menopause 7 years before using this and all the while I stayed at a steady weight, no problems with weight gain. I used Estring for 3 months and gained 10 pounds. I think it did something to my hormones. Gaining weight wasn 't the reason I stopped using it. I could not bear the extreme breast pain and and persistent abdominal cramps. I will never use anything like this again.
I developed terrible heart palpitations on Lexapro and had to stop using it. Unfortunately the heart palpitations are still occurring even though I have been off the drug for almost 3 months.
I have been on the medication for the last 7 days for chronic constipation and gastrointestinal pain.  It has produced daily bowel movements in the form of diarrhea or very loose stools.  However, it has also resulted in unbearable abdominal and intestinal pain, nausea, gas, disintention, bloating, inability to eat, intestinal gurgling and intestinal spasms that last 12 full hours after taking this medication.  I was so hopeful that this would be effective and it has produced daily stools (diarrhea and loose stools)  but at the compromise of feeling 10x 's worse than I have felt not have any bowel movements or minimal bowel movements before taking this medication.
Save yourself some money, visit a doctor &amp;... DO NOT BUY THIS OFF THE SHELF TREATMENT! Worst experience in my life.I used to treat a yeast infection, not only did it not solve my symptoms it gave me excruciating pain and burning sensation every time I applied it. Had to discontinue on day 3 because the discomfort was unbearable...The yeast infection went away with the second day of my period.This product should never be for sale!
My Dr. prescribed this for me very recently in place of Lunesta which Kaiser does not carry. Lunesta works wonders for me, knocks me on my butt without any weird feelings or tiredness or drowsiness the following day. This Trazodone does absolutely nothing for me, zero, nada, zippo! I would have much rather spent the $10 on a bottle of cheap vodka to knock my butt out. Luckily, I do still have my muscle relaxers that I can always count on to do the trick, I just never know how long......or how short, I have before I get knocked out.
I was on Apri for 3 months.  I have always had easy, 3-day long periods but I needed birth control. I stopped using it because I had awful, 2-week long periods each month.  I was in pain and felt a general sense of sickness. I understand that it takes awhile to acclimate, but it was like it was fighting against my body.
I 've been applying this every night before bed, and went through the process of having my skin flake off everywhere, and now I don 't have dryness from it but I have to say it 's been like 5 months and I still have acne.  Looks the same as before.  
I 've been struggling with depression but mostly anxiety for 16 years. I take an antidepressant and last year I tried to change it three times.  During this time I began to use Lorazapam daily and began to increase it when it wasn 't working for me. Needless to say this was the worst year ever.  My anxiety symptoms were hell. After reading about Lorazapam and the problems with tolerance, rebound anxiety, looping and withdrawal, I realized my problem was not the antidepressants but Lorazapam. If you take it once a month or several times per year it could help and shouldn 't hurt you, but if you take it every day, you are asking for trouble. my recommendation is avoid Lorazapam at all costs.
For 3 years I aim taking this medicine and the results of the bone scan showed a worsening of the situation. I have problems with my stomac, so it 's the best to look for an other solution.
I was given Ocella by my doctor to help cure my hormonal acne. My acne when from bad to very severe but I kept taking the pill hoping that all it was just an initial breakout. Seven months passed and my acne was at its worse. I finally gave up on the pill. What has cleared my face of acne is the regimen which I purchased online. My acne is gone but now I have acne scars which are deep pits in my cheeks. I 'm now trying to get rid of the scars that Ocella caused me to have in the first place. DO NOT TAKE OCELLA!
I was on this medication for 3 months and didn 't have a great experience with this one. For the first two weeks I was extremely nauseous, once that died down my breasts were sore and grew from a small B to a full C, at that time my sex drive dramatically decreased and I became very moody which never really stopped. Starting a different birth control at the end of this cycle and I am very relieved. I am giving it a two because it did prevent pregnancy and made my periods regular.
Im currently 16 years old, about 4 months ago I had been told I had hypothyroidism, before starting the levothyroxine I gained 80 pounds over a span of 6 months, before this I weighed 117, I was then put on levothyroxine at 197 pounds, it has done nothing but worsen the side effects I already had, shaky hands, hair loss, irregular menstural cycles, weight gain, dry skin, sensitvity to heat, extreme lack of energy, insomnia, I 've also gained 20 more pounds since being on it, though I workout 2 hours a day and have 1000 calorie diet I still gain 2 pounds a week, my doctor doesnt think the weight gain is associated with the disease and blew it off, I don 't know what else to do - not much more I can take
I 've been using the DP for almost 2years. I was left with this choice due to being a migraine sufferer I could not take the pill &amp; was hospitalized from the iud with swollen tubes &amp; ovarian cysts &amp; abscesses (surgery to remove burst ones) &amp; a personal preference of not wanting the rod . Before using the DP my periods were pain free, very light &amp; lasted maybe 3 days Max. I had done my research &amp; read about breakthrough bleeding for up to a year &amp; thought &quot;better than being pregnant right&quot;, because in my mind I was imagining sporadic spotting. Not incessant bleeding of weird colours &amp; clots accompanied with constant stabbing pain. Gyno says continue with jab, take this, do that but I 've given up, I may be a rare case but I wouldn 't recommend
I have only been on Celexa for 4 days. I take 10mg. I sleep very little,  sweating, naseau and have become very anxious about everything.  I do drink a lot of water. I just want to feel like myself again.
I was on Mirena for about last two months. First month wasn 't to bad...spotting all day. Started breaking out some then second month everything got MUCH worse. Constanly tired, acne constant around jaw line (never had much problem with before), cravings for food and biggest one hair coming out in clumps. Doctor immediately recommended getting it removed. I did 3 days ago. I 'm 32 and mother of 2. Hadn 't been on birth control in 4 1/2 yrs. I know everyone is not the same though. Just my experience...now starting Loesrin 24 FE pills. Pretty nervous now and hoping no side effects like used to be before having my kids. Birth control touchy thing...good luck.
Is This Antibiotic responsible for the Huge Increase in Parkinsons Diseease??     There is a Condition that affects a Great Percentage of the Western World an Antibiotic Infection. In most cases this leads to Coeliac Food intolerances Through Disbiosis of the Large Intestine and the resultant Leaky Gut and Possibly Bowel Cancer in later life. However this version of Antibiotic can cause a problem with Trytophan production from the Large intestine and a resultant Dopamine Deficency - 
&quot;Treated daughter as directed with Sklice, and 5 days later, live lice reappeared. Disappointed to say the least after washing bedding, putting away stuffed animals, etc. Any health care provider I talked to about the re-occurrence said that you MUST comb out the nits even though the Sklice directions and website advertise that no combing is needed. Feel greatly misled.&quot;  But that was not the problem because in addition I did nit comb every time.  This has been the 4th time doing this at $200 a treatment(Yes one time use per tube) wow is SkyLice getting over on us.  Seems Skylice owes me some money back.  It does not work....
this medication only made me feel worse I took it for my anxiety and panic attacks and honestly it didn 't help at all if anything made things worse. I put on about 10kg the hungers been horrible the weight gain makes me feel worse. at the start of taking it it stopped my ability to have panic attack so my anxiety would build to no release but now the panic attacks have come back and theyre worse. ineffective and horrible side effects
Taking it for three months  and no bowel movements.  I  have  one movement  a month. I  really  need to poop . All this medicine does is make me felt sick.I take as it says and nothing happens  .In between  I take Mira lax still nothing.  I  get nausea vomiting  alot of the time.Cramps  I  am so tired of being  full of bowel. .
Made me lethargic and very thirsty. My thirst interfered with my sleeping. I had to drink in the middle of the night and use restroom. So, taken off this one.
Been taking 5mg Trintellix for 3 days and having unbearable adrenaline rush in the mornings? Anyone else experience this? Can I safely stop after only 3 days?
Tried it all after Radical Prostatectomy. Stendra was/is a last resort. Like others a Big Fat Zero. Very expensive for no result. Next stop is surgeons for Implant surgery.
I was so excited to try this medication, because I always watch my diet, count calories, and exercise regularly but my metabolism is awful and I can never drop weight. After a discount card I paid $111 for it. After a week on the medication, I feel awful. I have GAINED 4 pounds. My head feels foggy all the time, energy is low, my stomach has an acid reflux type feeling and my appetite feels increased where I am eating everything in sight and craving sweets...stopping this medication today.
I took this medication for insomnia twice. The first time I tried it, I heard voices. I realized that these voices weren 't normal or &quot;mine,&quot; but I said to myself, &quot;you know what? Maybe that was just a one time thing. I really want to sleep. Let me try this again.&quot; Next night I tried it I heard screaming (in my head). I then proceeded to put the medication right in the trash. My sleeping patterns are [still] also trash.
I was initially prescribed escitalopram for situational depression without being warned about start up anxiety and insomnia.  After a week, I was switched to mirtazapine 7.5mg, which helped me sleep and regain the 10 pounds I had lost the previous week.  However, as the situation worsened, my dosage was increased to 30mg, at which point the drug became too activating, and sleep disappeared.  When I attempted to reduce my dosage, I got hit with massive withdrawals.  I now have chronic insomnia, severe cognitive problems, and an anxiety disorder that resulted in countless additional medications, including an antipsychotic.  These drugs have rendered me numb, unmotivated, impotent, and stupid.  Simply stated, this drug ruined my life.
I took a 6 month course of Accutane. I have cystic acne on my chin and my neck, all of it in the area of facial hair. I only got somewhat chapped lips, but the drug did no good whatsoever. Sure, my skin became less oily, but that 's all. I 'm 35 and I get cysts almost on a daily basis. It gets worse and worse with age, I believe. 
This has been the worst for my girlfriend.... she constantly gets mood swings and her libido has dramatically decreased to the point where I kiss her sets her unease. I would recommend not getting this treatment unless you want to have depression almost all the time and gain mood swings. Seriously, I 'm afraid that it 's doing more harm then good to her body. Sure, her period stopped after 3 months, which I can see as a plus for most, but to have her with little to no energy it 's not worth it.
I took plan B years ago when it was 2 pills never had any issues. In  March 2011 I took it again and it was only 1 pill, I ended up getting pregnant (he was my miracle baby) I couldn 't be happier.I took it again 1 week and starting bleeding very badly on Sat.
I 'm diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis. Have only scalp issues and joint swellings and pain in legs, knees, ankles, hand and fingers. Got approved for Enbrel and did 2 weeks ago the first shot. All went well other than I got a cough, night sweat and high blood pressure which it controlled. The second shot gave me a small red stain after 3 days of the size of a quarter which grew to the size my hand palm within a day. My cough is like crazy and my throat itchy. Blood pressure high... I went to the doctor who told me I have to get off I 'm allergic to it and a next shot could be life threatening. Benadryl did not help, I got 20 mg Prednisone and it 's slightly got better with the redness and pain. I will be changed to Humira.
Just took the pill and already making me sick 
This birth control has been HELL for me. I 've been on the shot and I had to stop after 2 years because it drove me crazy and I started having bone issues. So I decided to get on implanon after my daughter. I thought things was going okay but It is not and I really need this thing out of me ASAP. Since having this thing in my arm. I 've had non stop spotting and periods all month, no energy, mood swings, depression, dizziness on a daily and I 've been having tingling in my arm and legs but especially in the arm that the implant is in. I 've also experienced weight gain and sharp pains where the implant is inserted. I touch and feel it on a daily and it is still in the spot the doctor put it in. I think I 'll just go WITHOUT birth control.
I got prescribed 2mg hydromorphone pills for a throat ulcer. I took a 2mg the first day and felt nothing and had 0 pain relief. I moved up to 4mg the next time and also felt the exact same, which I find weird because everyone seems to have good results with it and my doctor told me was a really good pain reliever.
I have been on different birth controls over the years and due to changes in my hormones I have been spotting before my period so my doctor put me on this BCP and I have getting really bad acne, mood swings, and my lips are very chapped. I 've been on it for 2 months and I 'm still spotting and now I have side effects! After I finish this pack I 'm gonna stop taking this pill. My doctor said to give it 3 months but I just can 't with these side effects.
I got the  first depo shot on November 15 2016 the Dr said ooh you 'll have irregular bleeding what she failed to tell me was that I could have nonstop heavy bleeding which has happened not to mention I have a blood  disorder so having this nonstop bleeding from the depo isn 't good at all then after seeing her again she goes well there isn 't anything I can do for you and if you choose to stop it the bleeding will get worse before it gets better I 'm furious because she knows I have a blood disorder causing my blood not to clot and she didn 't mention the possible side effects until after I got the shot now because of this I have to be monitored more often and closely with the blood disorder
Constipation, dizziness, hallucinations while sleeping.
My experience has been HORRIBLE. I got it after I gave birth on Nov 2012 and at the begginig it was cool. I have not gained weight i have just lost mad weight and it sucks I weigh less then I 've ever weighed before. On March of 2013 I got my period and now is Nov. and I still have it non-stop full on period and it sucks I have an appt on Nov 13th to get it removed. I have lost my sex drive, I 've been bipolar this thing had made me crazy I cannot wait to get it removed and have my life back. Would not recomend it to anyone.
I was diagnosed with papillary thyroid cancer &amp; had a total thyroidectomy &amp; also lost one parathyroid. The dr used high levels of iodine during my surgery and my endocrinologist had to put me on an iodine free diet for 4 months to clear it from my body. During this time I wasn 't allowed to take any thyroid meds at all. I spent that entire time in bed under an electric blanket turned on high during a Vegas summer. Nothing normal there. I was a zombie. I had to have help to use the bathroom, shower &amp; everything I was so weak. After RAI I started Synthroid. A few months later I noticed small improvements but gained 50# within the first year. It 's been 7 years now and I 'm worse all the time. I 've lost my life to this. I 'm switching to Armour.
Was on bc when I was 18, had every side effect possible with the pill stayed on it about 3 weeks.   Was afraid to start bc again because past experiences,  I 'm 25 now and was recommended yas because of adult acne after pregnancy. The first 3 months were fine no side effects and face has been clearing up great.  2 weeks into month 4 and I have literally gained over half a stone in 2 weeks and severe bloating.  I 've been bleeding for the last 3 weeks.  Don 't know what 's going on but I 'm stopping it as of now.  Would not recommend this.
I got the implant in March 2009... a little over a year. My only problem is the weight gain. I have gained 48lbs. I also got acne and have had my period twice since I got it.
My arm burned and itched all the time and I had a extremely pain full period that lasted months non-stop the length of the time it was in my arm
This is the worst product ever, I had a severe allergic reaction, and had to go to the emergency room, for them to prescribe me 5 different medicine 's, just to make the swelling and pain go away 3 days later... I do not recommend this product to anyone especially if your pregnant. I know for sure it will make it worst.
Bigger than expected pill.  I prefer a smaller prenatal vitamin.  I am not sure if I like the egg product.
Aftera does not work!!! I took it maybe 12 hours after I had unprotected sex and it failed me. The box says you have up to 72 hours to take it. I am now 6 weeks pregnant. So disappointed
Bactrim was prescribed to my 3 year old for a boil. Although the boil went away after 4 doses she got a super high fever and complained of headache and was very lethargic. I called her doctor and he directed me to continue the medication for a few more days to complete a 7 day regimen. Eventually she broke out in hives head to toe and I rushed her to the emergency room. Allergic reaction to sulfa drugs.
Severe diarrhea within 36 hours of starting.  875 mg twice a day.
So I started on Contrave on March 20th. Before I was on Wellbutrin for many years and since the Wellbutrin is in Contrave, my doctor had me discontinue the Wellbutrin when I started. With this in mind my doctor had me start my 1st day with 1 in the am and 1 in the pm.So now I am at 2 and 2 a day. The 1st week I was super hungry, 2 week I was extremely nauseousâ€‹ with no cravings and Fuller but I still wanted to eat. I am gaining weight and have extreme constipation. I regularly take Linzess and senekot for this and it doesn 't help.Can anyone relate? Will it get better?
I have only been on Estarylla for a month and I am having nothing but issues. I go to the gym regularly and eat a healthy diet and I have done nothing but gain weight. I feel swollen and bloated constantly and I have headaches almost every day. It was given to me as the generic for Sprintec (which was amazing) and I can 't believe how different they are. I am emotional and on edge all of the time. I don 't even want to know what my period will feel like if this is what I am going through already. I don 't know why anyone would want to put themselves through this even for just a birth control. I do not recommend Estarylla at all.
I certainly wish I could experience the loss that everyone is claiming here. I have been on Contrave 30 days and have lost 1 pound. I started going to the gym so I can 't even give that one pound to Contrave.  It did make me feel foggy and a little nauseous at first but that soon subsided. Now I feel nothing. I was so hoping this would work for me.  :(
I was switched to this after being on Ortho Tricyclen Lo (loved it) and Gildess (loved it aside from hair loss). Blisovi led to painful and embarrassing breakouts, especially along my jawline and chin. I 've never had perfect skin, but this was unbearable! I usually don 't write reviews, but I had to share this one. Also, my hair was shedding like crazy--I was practically going bald! Awful :(Also, I was on Ortho Tricylen Lo all 4 years of college and it completely cleared my skin and gave me semi-heavy periods and caused some mood swings. Maintained good weight though..I was on Gildess for 6 months until it was recalled. I did have hair loss, but I was happy all the time with clear skin! Also, lost about 5 pounds (I 'm 5 '4&quot; &amp; was 110lbs)
Yes, this medication works. It works very well for chronic anxiety disorder and  sudden onsets of severe panic attacks. Knowing what I know now, I wish with all my being it had never ever been prescribed to me, and without the absurd nonchalance dozens of practitioners have portrayed. I 'm 32 and have been prescribed clonazopam for 14 years. Ive been in situations where my health insurance is in transition and I must go off the medication abruptly-- this is when I realized how deep I was. Weeks upon weeks of non stop physical, emotional, and psychological withdrawal effects that are like hell. Words cannot accurately describe just how awful it is. This, again, has been my experience during withdrawal as a long term clonazopam patient. All skin, especially the face, becomes numb. Vision gets fuzzy and difficult to see clearly. Panic attacks become extremely exasperated, frequent and debilitating. Severe irritability. Worst of all: a terrifying disconnection between your mind and body; as if you 're an onlooker watching and feeling this horrible thing happen to you, but not actually feeling connected to any of it-- that one is tough to explain. All of this... It can lasts months, maybe more. That 's right. Not just some one week hump to overcome. After finding how awful the withdrawal is I 've been attempting to ween very very slowly down from 3 2mg doses per day to eventually zero, hopefully. After six months of gradually decreases in dose I 'm now at 2- 1mg doses per day and I 'm not sure how or if I can go much less than that. No doctors I 've had have been of any help. The ween down was my idea and the rate of it was also my idea based on experience. It sure would be nice to meet a doctor that truly had knowledge of this withdrawal syndrome and took it a bit more seriously. I am confident that the medication is no longer treating my anxiety disorder, but simply preventing withdrawal from the meds themselves. And there don 't seem to be any good alternatives. It 's a long road ahead, please think it over and over with someone knowledgeable before being so quick to embrace this miracle drug. The truth is that most of us actually need very real psychotherapy, not chemicals that run our lives. Once again, all my point of view from my personal experience. It feels very good to share this.
Within 20 minutes of taking this medication one side of my body became numb, I got really confused, and felt like I could not talk and then I lost consciousness briefly. It was the closest thing I can imagine to a stroke, and the after effects from this very scary experience lasted for days. I was told to discontinue immediately.
I started taking this medicine in December, got sick and forgot a pill. I got my period it lasted 15 days and I wasn 't supposed to have it yet. Then my doctor changed me to a different one. Started taking that one and within a few days I started bleeding again. It would be a great thing to only have a period every 3 months, but the side effects for me made it worse.
For endometriosis I was initially prescribed Lybrel. They stopped manufacturing so I took Amethyst - the only listed Lybrel generic -  for 3 years with side effects of break through bleeding and weight gain). Three weeks ago the pharmacy gave me this indicating Amethyst no longer available, which isn 't true... This med is horrible. I have been bleeding low flow for two weeks (no period in 5 years), cramps, abdominal bloat, and increased a cup for bra size. Quick changes! The intense moods swings - particularly into rage and depression - have been scary. By indicating Amethyst &quot;ONLY&quot; CVS will order and my Dr called in, today. Can 't get off this quickly enough. Avoid if you can.
Horrible side effects;  irritability, headaches, malaise, did not help me with depression as a result.
Works for about and hour then my excruciating back  spasms came back and it says take one  every 8 hours!
Fire. One tube in and haven 't been able to get out of the bath since! I have a fairly high pain tolerance, but this was like no other. Never again.
1month post 12 weeks Harvoni treatment, terrible joint pain in hands and feet, also reported by others post treatment.Hands almost feel paralyzed .Guess even though I 've had my 12 week blood test and it showed Hep C negativeCan 't wait to see what my results will be after the 12 week mark.Post Harvoni problems are not readily available but I know this is toxic medication and may have long lasting medical issues long term
I 've been on zovia for about 3 years now and I 've about had enough. Yes it has been so far amazing in preventing pregnancy or whatever. But the side effects are no joke. The weight gain is horrible, for example if I eat regularly without the birth control I weight 130 pounds but if I 'm on the birth control eating the same I weigh almost 150 pounds IT IS RIDICULOUS. My mood swings are so bad I 'm so sensitive and emotional and I wish I would 've read reviews on the birth control first because, before your period if you think PMS is bad try being zovia while you 're on your period NOBODY will wanna be around you. Anyways not everyone is the same but that 's just my experience.
I am taking 500mg 3 times a day for 7 days. Side effects started day 1 with extreme nauseous. By day 2 I couldn 't keep any food down, was constantly nauseous and had a major headache. Today is day 3 and I 've barely been able to walk around I feel so weak, and the nausea is even worse. Fingers crossed day 4-7 will have better results.
I want to sit on a tub of ice. I 'm on day 3 of seven. I 'm trembling.  I 'm tingling and afraid to breath. All I did was take some antibiotics. This is barbaric.
Literally does nothing when you take them. Told my cousin about being prescribed a pill for cough that does not help and she said &quot;are they the pearls&quot; LOL why yes they are.
I was prescribed Bactrim DS for a severe UTI and 7 day twice a day schedule. On the second day of dosage, I began having Flu-like symptoms such as dizzy spells, nausea, aches, weakness, and I felt so sick, I thought I was going to die. I felt worse each day and by the 6th day of dosage, I had to return to my doctor. He said I must have had a severe allergy to this medicine. He gave me a shot of antibiotics and prescription of 500 MG Amoxicillin. I am finally feeling better. The Bactrim did not work on me. They put a note in my chart to not prescribe Bactrim to me again. I think that some people have allergies to this, I know I do. Hope my story helps you.
Frustrating. Been on this pill for about 1.5 months and I 've been trying to convince myself that I 'm not getting any side effects. I use to be on it back when I was 16 and I was ok, not this time. After reading some of these review I think I can finally talk to the doctor and feel like I 'm not crazy. I 've been a RAGING COW. With my 4 yr old, With my boyfriend, with LIFE. Very, very much sleepy and sad! Want to just cry... have NO DESIRE to do ANYTHING.  This pill is awful... didn 't really want to admit or come to the realization that a little pill can have so much impact on your emotional state. Wow. Thank you, I feel convince now that I 'm not crazy and have legitimate reasons to want to get off it.
This is the worst! I had my baby girl in March 2016, I decided I dont want to get pregnant soon, having 2 kids now, for now my baby days are over.my age of 23 I can 't get &quot;fixed&quot;, so since I got pregnant with #2 from the pill I decided to go for it and give the depo shot a chance, well, it was the WORST decision I could have ever made, hell I 'd rather become pregnant again then keep going with these side effects of being constantly mad and angry, always yelling at my 3 year old and my other half, (my baby girl is always smiles so I never get frustrated over crying or fussy ness, she doesn 't cry lol).Keep in mind, I had my LO in march 2016, it 's all most Oct 2016 and I 'm STILL on my period, EVERYDAY! Will not be going back for my next shot
Took Apri for 2 months, did NOT bleed for about 11 days the first month, and 8 the 2nd month. Am switching to yet another birth control.
I took Protonix 40mg for about two and a half weeks. My doctor prescribed this after my insurance no longer covered my Nexium that I had been on for years.  I had intermittent headaches and also had stomach pains and nausea. The nausea is horrible, and I have been off of it for a day now and nausea is still persisting. I feel like I have to vomit from the nausea. I do not recommend this drug. I had no side effects with my Nexium,  so now I will try omeprazole.
Was on it for over a month. Made me extremely sad, much more than usual and caused some constant, very scary suicidal ideation. When I went off it I felt better, (as better as I can be), immediately.
I started polacrilex gum at 2mg strength to try to quit. Bought it from the supermarket. I used two pieces in one day. The suggestion to &quot;use at least 9 pieces per day&quot; on the instructions seemed a bit excessive for a casual smoker like myself. I experienced a sore throat by the end of my workday at 5, and by night it was worse. It has been bothering me for two days. I think the medicine (or something else in it) just really irritated my throat, but if it persists, I 'm going to see a doctor. Probably wouldn 't happen to everyone, but perhaps something to consider before buying!
The first day I took this antibiotic I had no bad symptoms. The second day I took it in the morning and felt nauseous but was able to relieve the nausea. At night I took it before bed and woke up at 4am feeling very nauseous. I eventually threw up at 8 am. It is now noon and my stomach still feels very upset. I would not recommend.
Still cannot get rid of this acne. I took this for a month and my face went from having 2 pimples to a full blown breakout. Acne everywhere. Ruined my skin. I heard it gets worse before it gets better but my skin was already great so this did nothing but ruin it. Now I 've been off it for almost a month and my face is slowly healing but these scars are everywhere :(. Don 't take this birth control.
This is my second brand I 've tried using this form of birth control. Ever since a month or two after I began this, I 've severely been breaking out all over my face especially on the jaw line, the chin and forehead. I have struggled with mild acne before this just a few spots here and there, but it has caused me to break out everywhere now and it is extremely bad. I have tried countless things to try and help this from everything over the counter and even prescriptions, topical and oral. I have tried EVERYTHING and it will not go away. It has lengthened my periods from three days to now six and made then heavier and I never use to have cramps now I do. I 've experienced fatigue and depression from this. Too many negative side effects for me.
I had mild acne and then took this because my doctor said accutane was too bad for me.After about 2 weeks my face was beat red and burned like crazy then I broke out like ten times worse than before and my whole face was covered and it was horrible. I stuck with it for like 2 more weeks and it just got worse. I switched to accutane and I 'm 3 months in and my face is doing really well. I recommend accutane, I don 't feel depressed and the only side effect I 've gotten is dry lips.
Drug did nothing to help me sleep. I got headaches and also my depression and anxiety worsened. No thanks. Back to ambien.
Have had intractable insomnia since having neurological Lyme disease. The infection is under control but left me with issues with cortisol levels &amp; neurotransmitters.Benzodiazepines worked great, but MD 's became concerned since I 'm in my 60 's and elderly people are at higher risk of side effects. Weaned off benzo 's &amp; tried Belsomra.1st try, got the full body paralysis mentioned by others. Plus hellish, horrible waking nightmares. Felt like I 'd gone insane. Demonic, yes.The labeling states if you take it &amp; get mental disturbance, Belsomra has problem of triggered pre-existing, underlying mental illness.Poppycock. This drug is frightening. IMHO it 's useless, overpriced, and dangerous.The 2nd time no sleep, nothing, zip, nada. DONE WITH IT.
Constipation, dizziness, hallucinations while sleeping.
Twelve year old child took 20mg/once day and felt nauseated, dizzy, with headache, sun sensitivity, and restless.  Took for one month.  Experience rebound when withdrawn.  Went to half dose for once week before completely discontinuing.
HELLLL NOOOO. You thought your YI was bad go ahead and put that Monistat in you if you bad. It 's 12:05 am I put that ball of pain in me about an hour ago and I 've been crying for 30 minutes, called my mom to tell her I was dying and she needed to come take me to the hospital, and now after rinsing it all off I 'm in bed with an ice pack with my lady parts a good 2 sizes too big and too red. Starting to think they 're using this as a way of population control to kill off the weak.
This was not effective in reducing acid. Four days after stopping Nexium and starting Protonix the heartburn started and I had to take Gaviscon. I had a 3 month supply so I kept taking it and ended up with a swollen, painful esophagus and difficulty swallowing with vomiting. I stopped taking Nexium because my insurance no longer would cover it. 
While some give high ratings, I cannot. Within a week of starting it, it gave me what seemed like full-day long panic attacks and I wept for hours. I would later find out it was akathisia which wreaked havoc on my anxiety and paranoia. Not for me!
I took my first dose of bydureon last night. Today, I am in intense body wide pain, stomach cramping, diarrhea, headache and hives everywhere. My face, tongue and throat swelled. I just want to crawl in a hole and stay there. My doctor switched me to this because regular insulin burns on injection and worsens my neuropathy. I have tried all the pens and tablets on the market, but I react to them all. I can barely hold my head up as I write this.
Only saw results for the first couple of months.
I was put on Ambien because of my anxiety and depression, I wasn 't able to sleep more than an hour or 2 a night. I took the Ambien 5mg for about a week and I had horrible indigestion the whole time and on top of that I still only slept 4-5 hours a night tops. And I have been off them for almost a week and I 'm still having horrible stomach pains and possibly a swollen liver.
Used at a funeral, supposed to take 0.5mgs, did not work at all.  Took another, and another, and another.  Maybe my doctor sucks, or maybe Ativan sucks.  Do yourself a favor and get some Xanax if needed for occasional anxiety.
It 's only been a week, and so far I feel nothing except irritated underarms, I 'm assuming due to the alcohol content.I asked my doctor to check testosterone level during my latest physical due to aging, gaining weight, lack of sex drive and basically feeling blah. They were indeed low so she put me onto this.
I changed over to the 10mg of this after my doctor recommended taking the BRCA testing which came back with a 41% mutation. I was on this pill for three months and got pregnant. I am now 3 1/2 months pregnant. I needed to go on a low estrogen birth control because I have three cases of breast cancer in my family and they all seem to be estrogen related. I don 't know what happen, but the side affects were bad too and it didn 't work. I would be careful on this, as I took mine like clockwork and I 'm not overweight.
This product should be taken off the shelves before somebody has a heart attack from its side effects. I took one tablet and within about five hours had a BM normally.  A few minutes later I needed to go again. Then all of a sudden, I started sweating, and vomiting, and felt I was about to pass out on the bathroom floor.  I made it back to bed and was screaming in pain which went on for the next 20 minutes.It finally calmed down enough for me to spend the next day in bed with a hot water bottle on my tummy. Today is Day 3 post Dulcolax Drama and I am left dizzy, nauseous and weak. If no better by Monday morning, I 'm off to the doctor.  I feel terrible and will NEVER take this tablet again. If you suffer from IBS do not take!!
I was on Yaz for about a month and a half after switching from Ortho Tri Cyclen that I used for 7 years.  I switched because Ortho wasn 't working for me anymore. I was nauseous and felt off balance.  I had no problems with acne nor weight gain.  While on Yaz for a short time, I had anxiety, depression, bloating, and weight gain. I had to stop mid-pack because I was an emotional wreck.  I 'm on Aviane now for two months and experiencing horrible breakouts I never had before. I feel slightly off balance when I first start using active pills and during the first few inactive pills.  I 'm still looking for what will work for me.
This patch sucks! It 's a complete waste of money. It doesn 't do anything! Waste of money!
This medication made me SO sick that I literally could not sit still. I felt better lying down but when I sat up, I had to rock because I felt so miserable. I don 't even remember if it helped with the pain. If I could give it a 0 rating, I would. The concept is brilliant but it was not for me at all. I have taken Aleve (Naproxen) alone and as long as I eat enough when I take it, I 'm fine. I have never taken Nexium (Esomeprazole). Maybe it was the Nexium that didn 't agree with me or maybe I didn 't eat enough before taking the medicine or maybe a combination of the 2. I took it when it was new on the market. I was sick for about 3 days after taking and stopping this medication.
Does somebody experiences itching? I feel awful after taking Spironolactone once a day. My period came after 2 weeks, my breast is sore and I cannot sleep.
This medicine leaves me feeling exceptionally dizzy and off balance. After seven months it is doing nothing to help me walk.
Long story: Of course I haven 't had a colonoscopy in 4 years (but pushed for it) although this started started 6 months ago. Change in size of BMs, in the bathroom frequently, even though I 've gone.I go between 4-8 x a day.  Sometimes it 's like I 'm on a bobsled moving side to side, back and forward trying to finish going. However not dry.So after an ER visit for abdominal pain on a scale of 1-10 it was 12! CT normal.  It finally started subsiding about 1/2 &amp;r after 2nd shot of morphine. End up seeing useless PA yesterday who didn 't want me to have the colonoscopy. He puts me on Linzess. OMG! I was working summer school and in the bathroom every 15 min all morning. A total of 14-15x!!! Why?  Am I on the wrong medication? Is it something else
After a few days of use I came down with flu like symptoms; nausea, migraine, runny nose, fever, chills, body pains, blurred vision, diarrhea. I ended up having to take 2 days off from work to recover from this drug. I would highly recommend using caution when taking. Will not be continuing...
Monday morning I went to my doctor and she diagnosed me with Sinusitis, and prescribed me with Augmentin. I took my first dose at around 11 am, 4 hours later I was feeling terribly nauseous with awful cramps. Though the medication had helped subside the pain in my head, there was a newfound pain in stomach. I stopped taking the medication on Wednesday because the stomach pains were unbearable. In my experience, this medication helped get rid of my sinus infection but now I am suffering through daily nausea and cramps and I have been off the antibiotics for 2 days.
The general side effects of dehydration and urination aside, those were not my problem.  Fatigue was the issue.  I was on 100mg to start and noticed after six weeks a decrease in mental acuity -- missing things I might not otherwise, more forgetful.  My dose was increased to 300mg and all I wanted to do was sleep.  Went back down to 100mg, but the exhaustion continues.  Time to try something else.
You think that getting a shot is going to make your life easy? yea right! I am 29 years old and had been on the pill for 10 years due to my high blood pressure they put me on the shot go figure. I got a shot on May 20 2015 I weighed 180lb mind you I am tall 5&quot;8 .  I had no real side effects come for the next shot I was 190 a ten pound increase I don 't eat junk food. I got horrible headaches stomach cramps and horrible mood swings mostly anger. Now here into Nov. 2015 and I am 196 and have pregant belly and no period since the May 2015. Do not do it
Diagnosed with ADD this year, I initially wanted to go without medications. Being a senior in college I have deadlines, and I noticed my grades suffering significantly. I decided to give medications a try. My doctor prescribed a 6-wk starter pack of Strattera (25-80mg). I noticed a difference in attentiveness but after week 4 I felt lethargic, unmotivated, sad, impatient, VERY irritable, and depressed. I didn 't go to class, didn 't turn in homework and my grades took a deeper dive in that month. My psychiatrist then prescribed Vyvanse (30mg). I have been on it for a month and it helps ME stay focused without losing sleep and decreasing my appetite, best of all my grades are improving! My worse side effect is dry mouth.Hope this helps(:
Does not work at all for me.
With this medication, which I was on for a month at 0.5 mg, I felt nauseous constantly, I felt feverish, and I gained 10 pounds without having much of an appetite. I developed restless legs, shaking and tremors. At one point, I fainted and fell to the floor shaking. It never relieved any of my symptoms. It was only like taking a pill that made me sick. Now, I 'm not saying this isn 't the right medication for YOU, only that it had these adverse effects on me.
Little beneficial change in mood with serious vomiting problems
Made my blisters worse and didn 't  relieve my pain . It 's  too expensive  to not work. Will never buy  again
I was put on Xarelto in July of 2015. I had my a very large blood clot that covered my whole left leg.. I took the drug regularly not missing a pill. I had another ultrasound droppler done on the same leg just week ago and I have another blood clot in same leg. Now this drug says your not suppose to get any more blood clots while on the drug. Well it never worked for me...
Might work for others, but I came down with most of the adverse side effects within hours of taking one 500mg tab. Ended up in emergency 12 hours later with difficulty breathing from swollen airways. Hives. Scary part was how it can effects the mind. I had residual effects for a number of days.
1/10 does not even begin to describe my awful experience with this pill. I was on this pill for almost a week and had to stop it due to EXTREME mood swings and massive depression and anxiety. I have been on SSRIs for 7 years now and my depression and anxiety are relatively under control. From the minute I started this bc, I started gaining weight, breaking out and having intense mood swings to the point where I thought I needed to go to the hospital. My breaking point with this bc was one night when I went through the cycle of angry/violent thoughts, to intense anxiety, to feeling completely normal. That cycle happened about 5 times in an hour. After this experience I am now terrified to try another birth control method besides condoms.
This medication ruined me. When I was in my freshman year of high school I could see no point in living. I started taking this in the second grade and now it has literally no effect. I was failing all of my classes and I gave up on trying to go to college, this drug makes you think their are two yous, the medicine &quot;normal&quot; or the non medicated &quot;annoying&quot;. The only reason doctors give this to people is to get money, scheduling appointments every 3 months.
The first time I took this I got a severe panic attack. It felt like I couldn 't breathe, my heart was racing and chest hurt. It did nothing for the pain or any of the other things associated with migraines. I did try it once more, as per my Dr, and it happened all over again. Maxalt is what I use now.
This medicine should be removed from the market. I 'm itching like crazy.... What was the point of taking this?? I was expecting relief. It made my symptoms much, much worse.Do not use this product!
Excited to be starting this Biologic as hospital team assured me it was really suitable for the effective  treatment of my psoriatic arthropathy and psoriasis.By the fourth weekly injection I had had two chest infections and the most horrible urinary tract infection.  Three lots of antibiotics and a 7 lb. weightloss due to being so sick, I admitted defeat and didn 't take the 5th dose. Admittedly the arthropathy eased slightly during the injection period but this was more likely due to the enforced bed rest due to being so ill than to the effects of the Cosentyx.Goodbye Cosentyx. Going back to Arcoxia.
Had to take this for a week straight 2x day, makes your body super tired, diarrhea, loss of appetite... slightly irritable, dry mouth, upset stomach ( cramps ) also back and thigh pain. All in all it seems to be working on my lady parts. Good Luck to anyone else!!
Took Ranexa for a short period and experienced severe urinary symptoms. After being examined by a Nephrologist, I was found to have an acute kidney failure. He immediately took me off Ranexa - and with long and disciplined treatment I was brought back to &quot;almost normal&quot; kidney function. However, it is clear from my regular blood tests over several years that Ranexa has caused lasting kidney damage which shows evidence of being permanent..
I usually take Diflucan but I 'm 5 weeks pregnant.   My ob didn 't want to risk it.  So I was told to take the otc creams.   Biggest mistake of my LIFE!!   first use wasn 't bad. Did another last night.  Burned, itched and was worse than the first.  Today though in the afternoon I felt better.  I did my 3rd dose tonight and I 'm in tears.  It hurt and burned so I used the anti itch cream.  That caused everything to instantly swell! I managed to shower and get the external cream out but I 'm just sitting here rocking back and forth to get the rest out.  I don 't think my vag had this much swelling and pain with a 4th degree tear after childbirth  :-(
Didn 't do a thing for my depression. After taking it for just 3months , I came down with the movement disorder. I could not stop suckling and moving my tongue! I would make my tongue raw. I could stop only by chewing gum. Even after having been off the it for almost a year, I still have a problem with my tongue movements. It isn 't as bad and I can stop myself from doing it most of the time. I would not recommend this drug to anyone. I was on a very low dose. Some people come down with worse movement disorders than I did. Only take this if you are so depressed you may commit suicide. Otherwise, don 't do it. Stay with antidepressants and natural remedies. Like NAC, folate etc..
my son suffered a seizure while on tramadol.  dislocated his shoulder during the seizure.  This drug is not harmless
My experience of tranylcypromine [Parnate] was very positive from the beginning. The first time I was administered 20mg I felt suddenly much better than I had for weeks. I wanted to go outside and  'see the world '. So far so good.  Now comes the Kick In The Head.  In the UK  30mg is the highest that they can prescribe. However I tried up to 60mg and it has been beneficial and I have come across blogs and psychiatric accounts on the web that suggest that this dose is ok in the USA That would never happen here in the UK. The guidelines stop at 30mg per day which is unacceptable in the UK especially since the price was increased to &pound;25.00 per 28 tablets.  I have had pressure applied from my GP to stop using this drug.
I was on Minastrin fe years and had no problems. Just like most of us, insurance changes screwed everything up. I have to get the GENERIC version but it 's &quot;exactly the same&quot;. The bloating sucks and it hurts. The lower back aches radiate flames I think.  Cysts in my ovaries like sharp knives catching me in the gut if I move too fast. And I don 't think my nipples have ever hurt this bad in my life. The pain is crippling. It radiates into your pelvic bone, hips and thighs. And I 'm only one and a half months in. Seriously not a good pill. Calling the doc in the morning.
I started taking this pill and at first it was okay but it 's the third week and I get so dizzy and I 'm so depressed and my headaches are horrible !!! It 's supposed to be low hormone but I honestly can 't tell I 'm going off of this pill today !
i have been bipolar since the age of 21 im now 28 was put on zyprexa for 6 years changed this med because i was gaining too much weight im now 3 and half months on geodon in combination with zoloft all i can say this medication sucks it makes me more manic than ever my doc want me to try lithium i hope ill get better result... been sleeping 3 hours in the night for weeks this was the worst medication i have ever been and i only been on Zyprexa...i started on 80mg now im on 120mg dont reccomend dont try this drug!!!
Dumb drug under tested
Bad: I took it for about a year, then it gave me bad acne that automatically cleared away when I took a 2 week break from it, and automatically came back when I got back on it. It has also make my hair so dry, frail and frizzy regardless of how good I take care of it. My blood pressure, anxiety and mood swings also fluctuated when I was on and off this pill. Good: makes my periods ultra light, almost never cramp. Haven 't gotten pregnant.Overall I would not recommend it if you can be on something else.
I was prescribed this RX because I can 't lose weight, even after following a diet and exercising. I 'm starting on my 4th week and I am thoroughly disappointed thus far. It hasn 't suppressed my appetite or controlled my cravings at ALL. Indeed, I have GAINED 5lbs since starting! Also, this week I am having pounding headaches that won 't go away, as well as severe constipation. Most disappointed, as this RX was NOT covered by my insurance and it was expensive.
This is my first birth control pill I 've tried and the first night taking this and I woke up with severe nausea and have been in the bathroom vomiting on and off for 4 hours now. Hopefully  the nausea will go away and the vomiting will subside so the pill can do its job.
Don 't get one.  I had mine for 3 months and the experience was awful.  My periods were extremely heavy (soaking through 2 pads) and never ending. I just had it removed because I have been bleeding for 3 weeks.
I feel like I must share my experience.. but, remember ever woman is different!! The insertion from the scale of 1-10, was a 9 and I have never had kids before; I am a 23 years old female. I have never in my entire life experienced pain such as this and that 's with surgery before. Spotting and cramping after the procedure that Vicodin didn 't help at all! I was told the cramping/spotting would continue for a week, so I waited and suffered. My sex drive diminished, I have been breaking out everything, back, neck, chest, and face -oh and shoulders. The cramps are NOT normal period cramps, this was intense 8.2 pain cramps that 1200mg of Advil barely helped! I put a heat pack on and nothing helped. Getting this removed asap!
I got this after I had my wisdom tooth extracted. I was still in pain after taking it. It didn 't do much.
I have been using generic Ambien for several years. Works great = no problems.Dr gave me samples of Silenor - didn 't go to sleep for 3 hours and then had a hallucinations, which I never had before. 
This stuff is pure poison and has nearly killed me! Tastes horrible the first go round and you start vomiting on the second bottle.  I only used half of the second bottle and diluted it with water but couldn 't even finish that. Drank more water and had to sit on the toilet all night.  Four days later I 'm still unable to eat anything and having diarrhea! ! NEVER AGAIN! I will die first.  Whoever created this stuff should be forced to drink a gallon of it and see how wonderful they feel. I 've taken Golitely before. It was awful but I felt MUCH better the next day. Four days of agony and I can still barely function. No colon cancer but this stuff just may kill me anyway.  I am a 67 year old woman who is 5 '5&quot; and weighs 150. Dosage is too much for  me
Long history of medication resistant recurrent major depression.  Tried Deplin 15 mg daily for 6 months.  No improvement at all seen with Deplin.  Total waste of money for me.
I have been on Adapeline for a month now and my skin is the worst it has ever been.... Every day it gets worse and worse. I took roaccutane 3 years ago and it was a miracle, completely cleared my skin. I had perfect skin for 3 years after that but for some reason 3 months ago my skin flared up again. Tried this drug but it doesn 't seem to be helping, in fact it is making things worse. When I was on roaccutane my initial breakout wasn 't even this bad. Have been referred back to the dermatologist for a 2nd course of roaccutane, just hope I am seen soon as I literally do not want to leave my house I feel that disgusting.
This drug caused uncontrollable diarrhea and stomach upset and I had to stop taking it after just 2 days.  This was given for mild diverticulitis and I got better with a liquid diet for several days then low fiber soft food then graduated to regular foods.  I had another bout of diverticulitis 4 months later and just did the diet - didn 't go to doctors of use antibiotics.  For my mild cases this is the way to go.  This drug caused more harm than good.
I was prescribed Cymbalta for postpartum depression.What I really needed was sleep.I was after having a c-section and taking care of three kids and no help.Now I have been on this drug for 9 years. I have tried several times to get off it. I feel like it has a choke hold around my neck. I am a registered nurse and work full time. I still get depressed while on this drug. When Itry to get off it I have suicidal thoughts along with a long list of withdrawal symptoms. I wish I was never put on this nasty drug.
I only give this a two because technically it is  'effective ' because I haven 't gotten pregnant. However, I absolutely hate it!!! I have had it about 6 months and I 've had my period/spotting almost the entire time. It really interferes with my sex life. I got it because my friend has it and likes it but I would not recommend this to anyone. I 'm getting it taken out ASAP.
Protected against pregnancy but horrible side effects. Crying for no reason, migraines and temporary blindness!
I was prescribed this medication for a sinus/ear infection. Within a few days of taking it I could finally breathe and begin to hear again. But I had also developed severe nausea, migraines, and loss of appetite. I have also suffered bouts of extreme fatigue and dizziness that have led to me nearly passing out. And on top of all that I broke out in an awful red, itchy rash all over my chest, neck, and face. This medication is terrible. I have never reacted to anything this way.
I was prescribed this med for mild UC. I discussed concerns with my doctor on starting a medication while nursing and without trying natural approach to curing the symptoms first. He share some patience had success using turmeric supplement to address inflammation of the sigmoid colon (lower intestine and bowel). After 2 weeks on the Turmeric  my symptoms of urgency, cramping and excessive frequency to  'go ' subsided. After 3 weeks, I 've been having normal bowel movements and no cramping. I am happy with the progress I 've made on this natural remedy.
I have been on it for three months and have gained over 10 pounds, while on my regular gym schedule. I also never get pimples and I have had about 6 in the past 3 months.
I am 20 years old and started taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen when I was 17. I have always been thin, and at the time of taking the pill I was 5 '8 130 pounds. My entire life I have been active and very in to healthy eating. A couple months in to Ortho Tri-Cyclen I noticed that I had been gaining weight, around 7-10 pounds even though my diet and excercise routine had not changed AT ALL. This caused me to workout even harder and clean up my diet even more, however the weight continued to pile on. I graduated high school and went off to college already 15 pounds heavier than I had been in highschool. I promised myself that I would lose the weight by Christmas break of my freshman fall semester. This did NOT happen. 
Awful experience !  Nightmare Dreaming++ fell out of bed &amp; hit my head causing bleeding. Had to see GP. Not to take it.Now off the drug completely &amp; feeling much better.Thought to have dementia a year ago but diagnosis is now suspect.
So I went to the clinic on Monday to get STD check because I was having discharge diagnosed me with a yeast infection they priscribed me the one time pill and I took it. Tuesday it started itching and creamy discharge and burning sensation (very uncomfortable) now it 's wed and it seems to have gotten no better if anything worse because when I went to the clinic I wasn 't having any of the symptoms I 'm having now  it sucks and is very discomforting especially when I 'm at work .. I called my doc office to see if they can give me something else and figure out what 's really going on. Ugh! I just want my vagina back to normal
The side effects were awful. I was not able to get out of my bed because I was sleepy and tired all the time and at the same time I was restless. And I just didn 't stop take them immediately (after the first week) because my psychiatrist said it had no side effects at all and I trusted him 100% on that. I thought I was just tired because I had just finished the 1st semester of university. I stopped taking them 2 and a half weeks later when my mom suspect it was probably the medicine causing me all of this.And it didn 't even help me with my tics at all.
I was on this pill since the end of April, and everything has gone downhill since then. I bled for 21 days straight, then the bleeding stopped for about two weeks. After that, I bled everyday for the remaining two months, up until the sugar pills. Once I started a new pack, everything went great for the first two weeks. However, I started bleeding AGAIN midway into the third week. It was at that point, that the remaining patience I 've had for this pill was lost. Yeah, this birth control truly does prevent pregnancy, because it prevents you from having sex in the first place, due to the never-ending shark week. :( I 'm switching to a stronger pill, because this is my FOURTH month on birth control, so I should not be bleeding this much.
I have taken this in the past and usually it would work in about 8hours I 'd have cramps then pooo 3 times and it would be over BUT I took three pills tonight and I think I 've killed myself. Within 90 minutes I have got such bad cramps and gas and now nonstop pooping and nausea I think I 've killed myself! I 'm so Terribly sick my heart is even going irregular and this is far from over......never again
The CoughGels do not keep me from coughing.
DO NOT GET THIS INJECTION.After the injection I was bleeding constantly for 4 months afterwards, I could not even have sex because it was like I was on my period every single day. After the 4 months of bleeding it finally stopped for about 3 days, then once again I was bleeding, I 'm still bleeding and I see no sign of it going away. PLEASE DO NOT GET THIS INJECTION.
Hi All,I was on Yasmin for some 9 years and just moved onto Yaz 4 months ago.I loved Yaz for the first month however, I am now finding that I have TERRIBLE mood swings...VERY emotional...cry for no apparent reason and get very angry! I 've also found that I have zero sex drive. The only time I have one is when I am on the sugar pills..for the rest of the month I just feel numb!Hasn 't any one else had a similar experience?I 'm thinking of trying the Merino Coil...any ideas?Thanks :)
It got worse on this
Wellbutrin 150mg; Within 36 hours I suffered from psychotic symptoms, ended that day with full blown mania and delusions. I barely remember something from that day. I remained extremely sound sensitive for another 10 days. An antipsychotic and benzo were needed to get me symptom free again. Never was psychotic before, diagnosed with BP 2
ATTENTION DO NOT GET THIS!! IT IS HELL AND BACK!! If I could rate this a 0, I would. I got Nexplanon inserted December 3rd 2015. Today 's date is May 3rd and I HAVE NOT stopped bleeding since the day it was inserted!!!!! When I tell you I 'm not over  exaggerating, I AM NOT! I feel like the Nexplanon inventor 's theory was &quot;If we just make women bleed all the time, they won 't have sex right?&quot; Boom, a new birth control method was invented. When first getting this put in I thought &quot;Wow this will be awesome I will never have to take the pill again!&quot; After 5 months of constant bleeding &amp; a completely wrecked vagina from the hundreds of tampons I 've inserted, I regret it completely. Just take the pill and use condoms, it 's simply not worth it..
Terrible experience! Before getting married, I decided to go on hormonal birth control. I started taking Minastrin 2 months before our wedding, and lasted for about that 2 months on it. It wreaked havoc on my body and I haven 't been the same since. It 's been about 1.5 years since then. I had never had cramping with periods or any kind of pms symptoms for that matter, and have always been a very laid back person. As soon as I went on it I became extremely temperamental and felt angry about the slightest things! I also had TERRIBLE periods with clots and cramping. Headaches, loss of appetite, and break outs everywhere. My Doc suggested I try a lower dose, but I was done with HBC. We switched to Fertility Awarness Method and love it!!
I had this for 3 months and bled non stop. It completely screwed up my hormones. I felt insane and couldn 't control my moods. I had horrible cramping, headaches and bled for 3 entire months, nonstop. When I finally decided to have this removed, it took 1 and a half hours and my doctor had to cut my arm twice to find it since it had migrated. Horrible, horrible experience. I would never get anything like this again. :(
Terrible side effects, had bone pain for 2 wks.
I have used this method of birth control because I tried the pill and it made me nauseous and the IUD was too much pain to insert. I used this for 2 years 5 months before removal. I just came to the point where I was tired of the side effects. Not knowing when my period would come or it coming for 30 days at a time was the least of the problem I faced. The real side effects that caused me to grow tired of this method are, was the fact that I had an extremely low sex drive. Mind you I 'm married and only 28 years old. So having sex is a big deal for my husband as he is also 28. I felt tired every day no energy to do anything. Besides all of the I developed a really bad attitude towards everything. I would just get real angry for little thing.
I was given an injection of this after a week long stay in hospital for extreme pain due to endometriosis. They told me it would keep my pain down till surgery and for me it was the most awful experience. I was still in pain and on top of that I had to deal with intense sweating, very bad mood swings and feeling extremely tender and my joints were sore.It made the month running up to surgery miserable for me and those around me. I would never ever go on this again.
I had a bad reaction to this drug.  Seemed like the flu, but was better the next day.  Didn 't know until the following day that this was a reaction to this drug.
If gaining weight isn 't a big deal for you then go right ahead. I gave this birth control 2 chances! And both times I got FAT! Gained over 30 pounds with the depo shot. The first time I gave it over a year. My period completely stopped which was awesome, was effective since I never got pregnant. The only side effect was the massive weight gain. I got on another form of birth control and about 2 years later I decided to give the shot one more chance and this time maybe be more active and work out, eat better etc. sure enough no matter how healthy I ate or worked out I managed to still gain 30+ pounds. Will never get on the depo shot ever again. It took me about a year to naturally lose all the weight gain.
Too strong! I was prescribed 50mg trazodone for insomnia and, at even half the prescribed dose (25mg), found the medicine TOO sedating.  Found myself unable to keep my eyes open after it kicks in but not particularly sleepy--lying awake and wishing the heavy effects would quickly wear off.  Side effects were bad, especially dry mouth, vivid dreams, and a pounding headache the next day.  
After about 2 weeks into the medicine, I started vomiting severely whenever I took this medication. Ended up in the hospital. I tried this medication again several years later and immediately started vomiting severely. I had to go by ambulance to the emergency room because I could not go by car. I would use extreme caution when first starting this medication because apparently it can cause severe side effects.
I hate this medication because it hasn 't helped any of my joints or nerve pain. The only positive side is it helped my IBS and I don 't get stomach attacks anymore. I still have so bad joint and muscle pain all the time, I take 75 mg twice a day and nothing  seems to do the trick. I hate the side effects I get a real bad headache too.
I 'm a little young to be needing sleeping pills, but I do sadly. (17 years old). I took the 2 small tablets, and I fell asleep around an hour later. But when I woke up I felt like complete crap as I was SO tired. I could barely get up to put my clothes on, and when I did, I felt a little dizzy, and I passed out which was the scariest thing. Tried them again just in case it wasn 't the pills, happened again. So for now I 'm going to stick to taking 1 instead of 2, and see if that helps any.
I need to lose 20 pounds &amp; it is not coming off with diet &amp; exercise.  Doctor prescribed Contrave.  I read many reviews before taking &amp; was hopeful that I would not have side effects. I have taken wellbutrin 150 xl with no problem. Before taking my first tablet I had a breakfast of greek yogurt &amp; strawberries followed by 2 cups of black coffee &amp; 8 oz of water.  I took the tablet at 9 am.  By 10 am I had a strong pressure headache, felt dizzy and was unable to concentrate.  By 11 am feeling nauseous.  Tried sipping water and a few crackers but by 11:30 am was vomiting violently and was unable to leave the bathroom for the next 3 hours.  Fierce stomach cramps started around noon followed by diarrhea.  Headache worsened. Sleepless night. Yikes
I got this to use because I just got married. However, after about 3 weeks I got super moody and I was depressed and cried all the time. My breasts got bigger and hurt like crazy, acne got worse, and at the end of the pack I would get this really weird red neck rash that hurt and itched so bad it ruined my daily activities for a few days. I also gained weight which had been very constant for the last two years. This pill works because I totally lost my sex drive and confidence so I didn 't want to have sex. 
After taking 2-5mg of Abilify, it dramatically helped my tics at first, but it progressed them long-term. Years later I am still severely physically and mentally disabled by new illnesses I never had before. It deteriorated my mental health by causing conditions including: ADHD, and anxiety/panic disorder. I also developed Tardive Dyskinesia and Akathisia.  After about 2 months, I had developed such severe withdrawals I could not get off. It was so intolerable that it took multiple drugs to counteract its side effects, and even then, they still were nowhere near manageable.
This is the worst bc ever! I am always always regular. Went on this after my second daughter was born. After taking it a week I started spotting which turned into full bleeding with clots, and wasn 't due for my period for another 2 weeks. Felt dizzy, headaches and nauseous. Went off mid pack. Been on alesse and yaz in the past and never had a problem. I know bc is different for everyone but I do not recommend junel fe.
I took lolo for two days. It made me feel deeply saddened over things I wouldn 't usually be affected by, and very easily aggravated. However, my acne started to look clearer hours after taking it. I couldn 't take it any longer because of how it made me feel. Without birth control I am very moody and prone to irritability and bad moods. I wouldn 't recommend it for women with my mood type. I 've had the best moods with the third and fourth gen bc (yaz and nuvaring), so it is a shame they are riskier for clots. I am 25 and have had a child, for reference. (I find my hormones have changed after giving birth 3 years ago.)
I had started taking Armour over 6 months ago and it did better for me than Synthroid or Nature-Throid. Eyebrows and head hair started to grow in, energy improved, brain fog was lifting, all the rest of the good things we go through to get back to ourselves. About 8 weeks ago the symptoms all started coming back, including some new ones, like the rash on my hands someone else mentioned happened with them. I thought I was doing something wrong. Checked my diet, sleep, etc., all good. I did an internet search and turned up so many websites where people shared their stories of problems with Armour and it all clicked. I switched to WP a week ago and already feel better.
I applied before bed instant burning and stinging like I got bit by fire ants in my vaginia I could only take it for 1 minute before I realized I couldn 't take it anymore I jumped in the shower and washed out as much as possible applied some wheat grass lotion to my outer labia took some Tylenol and after a few hours went to bed, woke up with a perfectly healed labia but the inside of my vaginia was swollen and full of red hurtful bumps as well as painful to pee at first, I cried on my way to work and thought omg this is the worst pain ever I have the worst yeast infection ever, day went on and pain subsided, night two same thing that 's when I looked online and realized it 's the product, I 'm throwing this torture cream out!
Started on Pristiq after my grandmother and father both died suddenly a few days apart.  Developed &quot;shingles&quot; --rash on my chin.   Doctor said it was from the stress and increased the Pristiq.  Got worse.  Doctor and my friends said it looked like a burn.  Finally reading blogs like this I guessed the Pristiq was causing the rash and burn-like symptoms.  Been off of Pristiq for 16 days and my skin is clear.  My head is better too although I can see the withdrawal will take many more weeks to subside.
I used to be on Loestrin FE and loved it but the pharmacy switched it to Blisovi and since I 've started taking it I 'm up 15-20lbs depending on the day.  I work out every day and have a very healthy diet yet no matter what I do the weight won 't drop. Being someone who struggled with weight naturally, got to a goal body fat/weight only to have it spike so rapidly is extremely upsetting. Not only is my weight up but my face breaks out all the time and my anxiety as of late has been awful.  I DO NOT recommend this pill.
First dose made me sick feeling, nauseous, stomach issues.  Created too many problems, I rather live with anxiety. Wish the drug people would come out with something new, w/o so many bad side effects. I will not take this drug ever.  My anxiety is mild compared to many.  I can function pretty good most of the time. Things are very stressful for me now with a sick husband.Don 't take this drug.
Before anyone agrees to taking Effexor (venlafaxine), please look at the withdrawl symptoms. The symptoms and experience has been likened to heroin or opiate addiction withdrawl. Please do your research and regardless of what your doctor tells you, THERE ARE ALTERNATIVES!I hope this helps someone.
After starting this birth control, I experienced mood swings of irritability and anger within taking the first pill, I also experienced severe bloating and bad acne. My milk supply dried up, which I was prescribed this pill to avoid decrease in milk supply. This is a horrible pill with horrible side effects.
My 8 yrs/old son started having panic attacks (never had them before!) after taking 1 spray before bed). We discontinued this med but panic attacks are still there after 2 weeks - really scary indeed! Beware of this terrible drug! If someone had those as well please let me know and do you know when they will subside?
Not very strong and didn 't really work for me
My daughter and son were both prescribed this and it didn 't work for either of them.  In fact, they both complained that it gave them a bad headache about an hour after taking it and they are both still coughing all night long.  Our pediatrician said this was just as good as Tussionex but much cheaper.  I 'd rather pay $40 co-pay for the Tussionex since I know it works.  No relief for me or my children.
This medicine was started in a hospital setting, but lowered my heart rate so low that the nurses would rush in to my room every 3 minutes because my heart monitor would alert them. My Cardiologist gave me 2 doses, and wanted to administer the 3rd, but I declined. 
The weight gain was not worth it.  I quit.  My asthma is moderate, not at all severe and my doc put me on Dulera, SIngulair after 5 days of steroids.  Then added Spiriva and now Breo.  Ridiculous.  I quit them all except Breo, which I don 't even take every day (because my breathing is not obstructed or difficult)!  But during Dulera and Singluar, I gained FIFTEEN POUNDS in 2 months, which I have never done in my entire life (I 'm in my late 40s).
As anyone taken Spironolactone for cystic adult acne, and experienced throat spasms called Cricopharyngeal Spasm? It occurred around the same time I was experiencing tightness in the test. I only administered the drug for 4 weeks but the side effects have persisted.
Had to stop after three days due to Achilles tenderness. Achilles still sore three weeks after stopping drug.
I just started when the day I got my period and I 've been bleeding nonstop for ten days. I 've felt very sad and depressed and extremely moody. I also feel nauseous and very lethargic.
I had a reaction to this I woke up because I couldn 't breath . Had to take my husband give me his inhaler til it was 8 so I could go to our clinic. Next day I felt so sick everything hurt it went away later that day.
I was given Levaquin and it all most killed me. The doctor had me on it for 10 days , I thought I was dying the doctor did nothing , my pharmacist talk to me and told me I was having side effects. I stop taking it - it took a week before I thought I was still going to live. Now my muscles ache all the time. My neck hurts can not lay flat on my back.And other things to. Please do not take it.
My doctor put me on this medicine on 2-17-2017 twice a day at 7.5mg for my anxiety and stress levels. Today is 2-20-2017 and I 'm already having issues. I ended up getting extremely light headed, heart racing, sweating, and dizzy all in the matter of five minutes. I went to go to the bathroom so I could try and feel better. Next time I remember I was on the floor laying in a pool of my own vomit. At that time, I had no idea what was going on, what had happened, or anything. I ended up having a bad seizure. I was locked in place for five minutes, not breathing properly, and throwing up everywhere. I was extremely confused and exhausted like I had just ran a marathon. Went to bed and had another one six hours later.
This did not do anything helpful for me. I tried it for 2 weeks as an opiate substitute after intermedulliary nailing. (This surgery always has a Very painful and long recovery) I was given this by my surgeon because it was supposed to be less addictive. After two weeks I decided to taper off it. This produced HORRID withdrawals.  They were far different and more severe than stopping the opioids which I was over in one day. Don 't take this med! If a dr tells you it won 't cause withdrawals don 't believe it. Opioid worked during my surgical recovery and were no prob to taper off then quit.
I had my paragard inserted in the office in June of 2015. Per my OB it was in place at my 6 week check up. In the first 4 months after insertion I had moderate to severe cramping and was informed by my OB that this was normal. In June 2016 my IUD was no longer visible in my cervix. An ultrasound was scheduled. Four days later I had a positive pregnancy test. The ultrasound confirmed the pregnancy and the IUD was not visible so was assumed to have fallen out. I gave birth in February of 2017. A follow up X-ray and subsequent  hysterectomy confirmed the paragard was still in my body, but not in my uterus. I had my Paragard surgically removed in October 2017 and it was found to have perforated my uterus and small intestine.
For what I paid and the discomfort and pain that I received not worth it.  It made my lady parts more swollen and the burning that comes with it doesn 't feel normal. Don 't recommend this product.
Horrible, bitter taste. Lingers for hours then continues to drip down your throat and continues giving you a horrible awful taste. Did nothing for my nasal allergies, except a 10 min clear nasal way, but the taste didn 't make this worth it.
I had Mirena put in about a week ago &amp; it by far the most excruciating pain I 've ever felt! I 'm missing some of my left leg due to a motorcycle accident so believe me when I say I know pain, the insertion was worse than ANY of my surgeries. I had to make my obgyn stop bc the pain &amp; discomfort made me so light headed &amp; sick to my stomach. The pain &amp; cramping for the first 2 days after made it impossible to move &amp; now a week later I still have bad discomfort &amp; spotting. I 've noticed an increase in appetite &amp; acne on my face that I never had problems with before. I had mirena placed as an option to help my severe bipolar mood swings but I think this may not have been the right option for me. I 'm giving it a few more days to change my mind.
I started out originally on Lo Loestrin FE and switched to Blisovi FE because the first one worked for me for the first few months but then my period became irregular. I put on 15-20 lbs almost right away and I thought it was what I was eating but I hadn 't changed my diet at all. Glad to know I am not the only one that this happened to. The irregularity of my period has improved but I am now getting 2 a month which is not okay. Would not recommend and I 'm switching ASAP.
I am having nothing but problems on this birth control. I am a month and a half into using it and I have been spotting often. I spot more with sex. I just took the 9 th pill of the new pack and I am already spotting. I am moody and crying very easily. This birth control is not working for me. All this spotting is messing with my sex drive and I just never know what to expect.
At first, I had no problems on Apri. Then about a month in I gained over 10 pounds even though I didn 't change my diet or exercise. I also noticed that I became very moody and had random crying spells around my period, which has never happened before. My breasts are also very tender and itchy, and my acne has gotten worse. I never had bad period cramps before I started taking this pill, and now they are extremely painful. Hopefully my doctor switches me to a different pill.
Was prescribed 500 mg 2x day for bacterial vaginosis, a common vaginal infection. Every time I 've tried to take this for bacterial vaginosis it caused me to have extreme vaginal discomfort! Stinging itching and burning, making the symptoms of the BV 10x worse! I can 't make it through one day on this drug. I plan on trying other homeopathic treatments from now on. Ladies beware
Took this 2x and developed wheezing, coughing and flu like symptoms with a fever.  Had to use rescue inhaler just to get my lungs open.  Will not be using again, definitely not worth the side effects.
I hopped on the depo August 2012 after having my child on and off untill April 2015 I had no bleeding in the time I was on it, until beginning if August 2015 I started bleeding went to the doctors they made me do s.t.i and s.t.d checks everything came back negative for anything but still bleeding , but then I found out I had to have minor surgery for cervical cancer so doctors assumed that , that could be the cause of the continuos bleeding I 've had the surgery done but still bleeding I have no idea why, I 've gotta go back to the doctors once again so they can send me for some type of scan to find out why . Has anyone else had this problem ?
I had an anaphylactic reaction. Within 30 sec of the drug being injected, my chest began to tighten and I could not feel my feet. The numbness continued to spread upward until I could feel nothing from my chest down with continuing increased chest pain and wheezing. They placed me in reverse trendelenburg position and called for a cardiologist. I became increasingly diaphoretic,increasing chest pressure, still unable to feel anything below my neck and I could not move my head. I received several IV pushes. It took them over 30 mins to stabilize me and return me to baseline- able to move all 4 limbs with normal vital signs. This occurred within a hospital setting, but they proceeded with the test anyway. I am asthmatic on meds.
I am a 57 year female, who started using Estrace for vaginal dryness, painful intercourse and almost immediately noticed falling hair. I asked my doctor who assured me that it would never cause hair loss. After 3 months my hair was so thin that a rubber band no longer stays put. I quit Estrace almost 2 months ago and the hair continues to fall.  
I was given this in the 1980 's for panic attacks and was not taking any benzodiazepines at all with it. I 'm glad it has worked so well for others, but for me it was like a very bad trip. I was literally bouncing from wall to wall, couldn 't walk or see clearly, even hallucinating. I had a severe reaction to it, but I am extremely sensitive to tricyclics and all SSRI 's except Remeron. If you 're taking it for the first time, might be good to have another person around just in case.
Horrible med. I weigh 105 and was given VISTARIL 3 times a day. I lost a CHILD  and was sad. Grieving and this is what I was given with trazadone and I already was on cymbalta  for chronic pain.    I couldn 't even finish a sentence. Released from hospital ran into a ditch, arrested for DUI. Two nighes in jail. DUI was my own meds. No Alcohol and never drugs in my life.   Now I have fines a court date truck repairs and may lose license and probation and community services and I was out of state.  I told the Doctor it was too strong but he didn 't listen. My life is ruined
I have been taking this for 10 years (started at 18 mg, went up to 36 mg). Recently (several months ago), I developed several horrible side-effects. For example: it made me feel nervous. I could not keep still. It also made me extra irritable (to the point I was yelling at my friends for the littlest things). I also felt depressed (to the point I did not want to get out of bed at all) and could not sleep. The doctor brought me down to 18 mg, symptoms did not improve. I immediately stopped taking this and felt 100% better the next day. The doctor put me on Adderall XR which works a lot better with very little side-effects. Please avoid Concerta if possible.
Have had stiff ankles, digestion problems, some vomiting, some dizziness, went to Doctor for sinus problems didn 't need medicine but I think it is related to the Tradjenta, increase acne on face, cough and increased sinus drainage.   
Have not stopped bleeding since I started the pill 3 weeks ago today.  I have gained 10lbs and the non stop bleeding is enough to make me go back to  my painful irregular periods. I am stopping the pill immediately.
I have had the worse cough I have ever had in my whole life. My doctor prescribed benzonatate to me and I thought it would really help. UNFORTUNATELY for me it did not help at all. I really needed some relief to sleep and it just did not help at all. Taking Mucinex helped more.
taste terriable. made my stomach hurt and did nothing for headache
DO NOT GET IT.I wish this site would let me share the pictures I took after getting this birth control. I broke out hives that covered my entire body. I ended up in the emergency room three times for an allergic reaction and was put on four different types of drugs to reduce the inflammation and rash. It was so painful and itchy I would sit there and shake. No matter what I tried the itching wouldn 't go away and the hives didn 't get better. I called into work twice and was sent home the third time because I could barely stand. Doctors didn 't believe it was from the Nexplanon. I told them if they didn 't take it out I would dig it out with a kitchen knife. Hives were completely gone within an hour of it being taken out. Not worth it.
I heard good things about this drug for metastatic head and neck cancer (mine began in my tongue and has moved around my mouth and into my neck - I 'm a 30 year female with no risk factors), but had a severe allergic reaction during my first infusion. I felt a hot flash move from my midsection to my head, then everything started swelling, until finally my throat began to close. It was instantaneous. I only had about 10-20 cc 's. Luckily, my nurse was prepared and flushed the line immediately and gave me meds to stop the reaction.  My doctor has already ordered panitumumab to replace it, 
This is the worst birth control! I have been on it for about 2 and a half months and for the first month I had light bleeding/ spotting almost every day. I don 't weigh myself very often so I 'm not sure if I have gained weight, but my appetite has increased a ton and I am eating really unhealthily. I feel very tired in the mornings even when I wake up at 11AM or later and I feel very lazy and just want to lay around all day. This pill has greatly increased my anxiety which I have normally, and I am a lot more emotional (I cry at almost anything now!). I feel very irritable all the time, and the littlest things can set me off now (I am usually a calm person) I really hate this birth control and wish I had read reviews before I was put on it.
Been taking 5mg Trintellix for 3 days and having unbearable adrenaline rush in the mornings? Anyone else experience this? Can I safely stop after only 3 days?
After reading several other reviews, I 've realized that every real major issue I 've had over the past 7 weeks (how long I was using it) has been because of this thing. My anxiety and depression has been at an all time high, the past three days I haven 't been able to keep anything down, and I 've definitely experienced the low libido several others have mentioned. After lying on the floor in nauseous agony and reading the reviews i tore it right off. I don 't want to say I 'm already feeling better but honestly.This is my first time using bc other than condoms and I chose the patch cuz I knew I would have trouble with the pill. But after my experience I wish I had chosen something different. would not recommend.
I 've used this before and had no problems.. must be a new formula because I had symptoms of a YI and bought the same 1 day applicator and oh my goodness my vagina is on fire.. as if I put a icy hot cream inside. It burnnnnssss. Beware 
I got the shot in June due for another one in September . I am debating on whether to get it again or for the main simple fact I have irregular periods its looks its going to start but never does . So just a warning a lot of these reviews are true personal experiences. And I don 't think I want it again
Was on breo and spiriva .  Tried this for 2 weeks .  Ran out of breathe walking to the kitchen .  went back on breo anspiriva
What is this? Phenol? Phenol doesn 't &quot;numb&quot; anything. This is the weakest medicine of any kind. What happened to benzocaine? We want POWERFUL medicine that eliminates pain and lasts for a long time, not this worthless, useless snake oil.
I have had 2 Rituximab Infusions for rheumatoid arthritis, the last one 2 1/2 months ago.  I sailed through the infusions with no problem but 3 or 4 days later I had extreme edema and burning pain of both lower legs, muscle pain all over my body, feel like I have the flu and some loss of coordination. I was on 40 mg Lasix for another problem and my Doctor increased it to 80 mg daily along with Zaroxyl, extra Potassium 4 weeks ago, and for the first time today, my legs are normal size. I 'll probably discontinue the extra diuretics when I see my Doctor tomorrow. 
Lidocaine 5% patch...What a waste of time and money. Product did NOT relieve my bursitis pain. The &quot;metallic&quot; taste went away after a couple of weeks. The blurred vision, sensitive eyesight to sun and complicated way of using this product I could have dealt with if only it had worked. Do not waste your money and time
I have been on this bc for 3 months and it 's been the worst 3 months of my life! I had pretty clear skin before taking this but now it 's awful! I have tons of small pimples all over my forehead and chin and big pimples on my back. It has also left bad scars on my face. As far as weight goes I haven 't gained any weight. I 've lost weight if anything. I am switching at the end of my pack because I just can 't handle the awful acne!!
I have had both depression and pain for the past 20 years.  After having some rather intensive back surgery 18 months ago, I decided to switch to Cymbalta instead of the Prozac that I 'd been taking for many years to see if it would aid in the pain.  My initial result was hot sweats, but no other help.  I missed a day while I was on 60 mg and had vertigo and an electric twinging in my brain that actually made my vision jerk.  It went away about an hour after I took my Cymbalta.  This has since recurred every time I try to wean.  I cannot get down past 30 mg.
I had perfect skin until 2 weeks after starting this pill. I continued to take it because my gyno said it would take 3 months for my body to fully adjust to the hormones. 5 months later I am still breaking out on a regular basis. 
Don 't do it. I got mirena in March of 2016 and bled for a few weeks. I got a period every month until August. No period August, September, October. Starting early November, I began bleeding. It 's now January and I 'm STILL BLEEDING. It will not stop. I am having it removed in a day. I cannot wait to get this thing out of me.
Unfortunately, it doesn 't work for me. I experienced some chest pain and heaviness within the first day of taking.
Within 3 minutes of inserting the 7 day cream, I started to experience burning. It increased by the minute until it was unbearable burning. I took a shower trying to get all of it out, that didn 't help. At this point it was 2 in the morning and I was experiencing one of the worst pains of my life. The extreme burning was actually causing pain. I ended up going to the ER. Not ever using Monistat again. Really recommend researching before using any topical cream.
Helped me sleep.  Gained 10 pound in a month.  Did not feel more level or stable.  Worse actually.
My mom had recommended this cream for me. I did not know what to expect once I purchased it. I did not look up reviews or anything so I was fully unaware of the side effects. Once I inserted it, about 10 minutes passed and I started to feel discomfort. It then turned from discomfort to the most extreme burning I 've ever felt in my life. My vagina was burning for a good 4 hours. I can admit, the following day, my yeast infection went away. But the process before that was literally helllllll! I was literally crying all night because I didn 't think the burning would go away. I would rather deal with the yeast infection then deal with that burning pain I felt. Although it helps.. I don 't think it 's worth all that pain.
I used ocella years ago and it was great at first. My cramps weren 't as painful or etc but then I started getting severe stomach pain and guess what? I found out I had gallstones due to Ocella and had to have my gallbladder removed when I was 20 and I 'm 25 now. So if any ladies experience stomach pain on the right side you might have gallstones due to this pill
I have had the Implanon for about 12 weeks and am going to have it removed next week.  Although a good form of contraception for preventing babies, I have found it made me moody, anxious and at times down-right depressed.  Also sometimes aggressive, and my libido dwindled to nothing (rather defeats the object).  My poor young boys think an alien has inhabited their Mummy 's body, and they are the final reason I am having it taken out.  I have been irritable beyond belief with them and never was before this went in.  My husband wants his wife back, my kids want their mum back and I want my life back.  It works for some people.  It has not worked for me.
I had unprotected sex on the 17th this month and took the Ella pill 44 hours later. I felt so sick for the first 2 days I couldn 't get off the sofa, had severe bloating next few days I was nauseous and vomited a fair few times still am occasionally vomiting 12 days on, I 'm now 13 days in and still having symptoms e.g. cramping and back ache mainly on the left side of my abdomen, headaches, heartburn, acid reflux. Also this pill is like an abortion, if you did have a fertilised egg which in my opinion is when pregnancy begins it stops it from attaching therefore causing abortion. Worst pill I 've ever taken in my life. I 'm due  in 4 days and even though I don 't think I 'm pregnant the effects it 's had on me have been horrendous. Use with caution
I was prescribed this pill due to heavy bleeding during one menstrual cycle..my tubes are tied so this was the only reason I took the pill, it really helped alleviate the heavy bleeding however I ended up with a blood clot in my rt eye as a result of this pill. Just wondering if anyone else had this experience. I was fine before I started taking it and after just 3 months I noticed blurry vision in my rt eye. I don 't have a familial history of blood clotting and no where else in my body do I have blood clots. I know this because I 'm now under the care of a cardiologist, hematologist, retina specialist, all because of the clot. Don 't take this especially if your family has a history of blood clots.
My doctor prescribed Triamterene/HCTZ 37.5 once a day about 6 months ago. In the meantime I experienced severe silent migraine type symptoms (light-sensitivity, motion sensitivity, brain fog, irritability, not able to read or think clearly) which I have never had before.  My doctor even did a brain MRI to try to find the cause but never thought of my medicines side effects.  I quit this medicine on my own and immediately noticed no more headache symptoms!  Have been off for 2 months now and no silent migraine instances have occurred.
24 hr medicine for pain, I only got 6 hours of minimal relief.  Started on the 20 mg for 1 month, then Dr switched me to 40 mg for 1 months, then 30 mg for 1 month.  It always seemed to start working long after I took it, about 12 hrs and made me extremely sleepy and tired, along with pain.  In the 3 months I took it, I gained 15 pounds without even eating more or differently because I was constantly nauseous with it.  Who wants food when queasy?  I have been prescribed and instant release pain med and have been on 2 days.  It works great with no side effects and I have lost the 7 lbs of the 15 the hysinglia  made me gain.  Hopefully the other 8 lbs will come off quickly too because the weight gain from the drug caused my A1C to go
My doctor prescribed Tramadol because I am allergic to other types of pain medication and he believes doctors are treated like criminals if they prescribe Vicodin. I 've taken Vicodin before, after surgery, and it works, but Tramadol barely touches my pain. It does, however, make my head feel foggy and my vision blurry. Tramadol also makes me extremely tired and weak feeling--like I could sleep every day away. Vicodin, however, helps relieve pain, gives me energy, and actually lifts my  mood. Strange. I am about to have 3 surgeries, so I have scheduled an appointment with a pain management doctor hoping she will be more knowledgeable and helpful. It 's a shame that doctors can 't prescribe what they know will work due to the addiction epidemic
I 'm currently on two benzodiazepines (xanax and klonopin) as well as lexapro, and lexapro is effectively useless. I 've been on 20 mg for a while now and so far I am still extremely depressed and experience severe suicidal thoughts multiple times a week. I absolutely CANNOT WAIT to get off of lexparo. I was better off when I wasn 't on anything at all. The only thing that helps is lexapro in conjunction with 1 mg xanax, which, quite frankly, makes me feel stoned.
This medicine is absolutely awful. I took it after surgery because I was constipated from pain medication. I ended up being in bed for a whole day and I couldn 't move without throwing up. I thought it must be from the surgery. I got better and took another laxative a couple days later. Within an hour, I was having horrible diarrhea and vomiting. Totally not worth it. Geez. Horrible medicine.
I had been on the Yasmin contraceptive pill for a few years with no problems but liked the idea of not having to worry about taking a pill every day. The first few weeks after having Nexplanon in we 're great but then my skin got gradually oilier and spottier until I couldn 't bare it any longer and 3 months later I had it removed..one week on and I 'm waiting to get my clear skin back. It also gave me mood swings but by far the worst part was the acne.
Took Augmentin for sinus and ear infection . After 3  days of stomach pain, I stopped. Called Doctor and he said take it on a full stomach. I did what he suggested and spent the night in the bathroom throwing up. This medicine is insane!! Throwing it in the trash. Don 't you think I should get my $55.00 diollars back that I spent on it? But of course I won 't.
Had the implant 1st may 2015 and after two weeks I have become a complete mess. I 've had extreme headaches and tiredness. Massive acne out breaks but the worst was the mood swings. I would find myself ready to kill my other half over silly stuff and then sobbing uncontrollably in the next minute. I also had pain when I moved my arm. I also had a real job to get my doctor to take it out! I 've had similar reactions on other types on contraception so knew what it was. I appreciate it works wonders for some people but for me it was a nightmare!!
Worked for bacterial UTI but I got dizzy and numbing on face and had  horrible experience. I would not take it again
My daughter 's pediatrician told me to give her 1 pill before 9:00 a.m. daily.  I gave her the pill at 8:30 a.m. and all day she was amazing then suddenly out of no where at 10:30 p.m. she said she just couldn 't fall asleep, her hands and feet wouldn 't stop moving, her mouth was moving extremely weird, and she said she was jittery. My daughter finally fell asleep at 6:30 a.m. and didn 't receive another dose again but had problems for 5 more nights with sleep.
Went into anaphylaxis after third dose. Increased anxiety. Had to go to the emergency room via ambulance. Mouth, tongue, &amp; throat were swollen, chest was tight, severe all over itching, &amp; itching throat. Found out this only works 50% of the time. That it 's a hail Mary drug. It works on half of the people, makes the other half worse. Be very cautious with this one. Because it 's a 50/50 chance.
I was prescribed flexeril for migraines and it was the WORST experience of my life. After developing a migraine, I took one 5mg flexeril in the afternoon and, about 6 hours later, one 50mg tramadol and one 100 mg imitrex. I ended up in the ER at 3 o 'clock in the morning unable to breathe, barely able to move and in a full blown panic attack. Apparently, flexeril is similar in chemical make up to Elavil  - a drug a had a VIOLENT reaction to! - and can cause something called serotonin syndrome (which is what I had) when taken with tramadol. Why didn 't my doctor know this?? Why was I never warned that flexeril should NOT be taken with tramadol due to possible dangerous interactions. I 'll NEVER take this dangerous drug again.
Honestly I never write reviews but I have been on this birth control for 3 months and I just requested to switch.My first period was pretty bad and my second was so light I was worried it didn 't even count as a period. My inconsistent periods are not what bugged me though. My mood swings have been insane and everyone pointed it out to me after I have been saying I feel depressed spent a lot of time sleeping and in my room. I 'm usually a positive person with a positive outlook on situations but I have felt myself become more negative and miserable. I have been on other birth controls before and have had no problems. I fully believe different birth controls affect people different ways so it may work for you! This has just been my expierience
At first I ignored it because I assumed it was working and fighting the yeast but a minute or two after inserting the applicator filled with cream inside my vagina it started to burn. It was burning, stinging, and itching all at the same time very badly. My vagina felt like it was on fire. I wiped some of the product out of me, but it is still burning. I have used Monistat in the past, but I have never had this issue. Have they changed something in the formula?
OMG!OMG! I am so relieved to know I 'm not the only one going through this excruciating burning and itch!!! I bought the Monistat 3 day treatment. I am on day 2 and as soon as I inserted the cream it burned like crazy and the itching was unbearable!!!! I 'm dreading my last application tomorrow night. But I hate hate hate this intense itching and burning sensation. Good luck ladies!!!
After stage 2 breast cancer/unilateral mastcectomy, Took tamoxifen for 2 years, then switched to femara abt 4 months ago.  My oncologist said this was largely because femara is kinder to my kidneys.  I truly hope the femara is doing its job, because my fingers are stiff and swelling, and hurt when I bend them.  I now have 2 - 3 trigger fingers, depending on temperature and time of day, and I truly understand what a reviewer called &quot;Walter Brennan walk&quot;!  Stiff legs after sitting for as little as 5 minutes, &amp; as an artist, pianist &amp; admin, this is definately a quality of life issue for me.  I am going to  speak with my doctor again - he agreed that that was side effect, but it 's getting worse quickly, also slight weight gain &amp; low energy levels
I 've been on this pill for almost a year. I finally just switched to a new birth control today. I have had a huge decrease in my sex drive and that really worried me because I 'm only 20 and I have a very loving attractive boyfriend who I 've been with for 3 years. I 've been trying to figure out why I never want to have sex. It 's making my boyfriend Think that im not attracted to him anymore. I realized that I get really turned on when I 'm taking the placebo pills so I 'm thinking its the active hormone pills. Hopefully the new pill helps.
If I could give this drug is zero rating I would. Since I take Klonopin for anxiety and oxycodone for severe pain due to extreme degenerative disc disease and facet joint disease in my entire spine, along with 11 herniated discs, my new pain management doctor would not allow me to keep taking Soma (which worked wonderfully) because of the goddamn DEA.  I have been on that combination for years with no problems. I am not addicted to any kind of drug, nor have the desire to abuse drugs. I simply take them bring back my quality of life. I 'm dealing with a failed microdiscectomy at L5-S1, which is causing me level 10 bilateral nerve pain from the groin area to my toes.  I took 3 500mg pills, which did not work so I threw the bottle out.
I 'm a man with UTI which is much less common than in women.  My Dr. tells me that my case is fairly bad and seems surprised that I didn 't complain more about the considerable pain while urinating.  He prescribed antibiotics to heal the infection and this drug to help with pain and urgent feeling of needing to go.  I experienced gut wrenching nearly vomit inducing pain while urinating on this medicine while prior to dosage I was experiencing discomfort to start urine flow but manageable pain that subsided when ending urination.  The primary difference with this medication seemed to  be more severe pain and less ability to stop it than before I was using the drug.  I 'll NEVER take another dosage again.  Really, really rough for me.
I am pregnant. I don 't think it works.
To be honest, I can 't tell you if it helped with the prevention of migraines or not. I have had chronic migraines for 15 years now. They are accompanied by loss of feeling in my hands, aura, and sometimes my words come out as gibberish. I have tried just about everything from medications to natural remedies for my migraines. When my new neurologist suggested I take Topamax I thought that I would finally be rid of my migraines. I didn 't even last a week on this medication though. I couldn 't stand for more than thirty seconds without being dizzy and having shortness of breath. My stomach ached and I had a tingling sensation in my hands. I also had a slight fever. My doctor wanted to attribute all of these things to the start of a cold.
This medication made my 15 year old son wet his bed on numerous occasions until I had his doctor take him off it.
I am 67 years old, postmenopausal for 9 years, with typical vaginal dryness but no other issues. No problems with either Vagifem tablets or Estrace cream in the past. I had more vaginal discharge with Yuvafem. After 2 months on Yuvafem I developed vaginal spotting, fever, and a kidney infection! Was treated with oral antibiotics, and within a couple of days the vaginal spotting stopped as well. My GYN has since found a benign cervical polyp and attributed the spotting to that, but I 'm not convinced. I have never suffered from UTIs so this was too much of a coincidence. I believe the excessive discharge from Yuvafem led to bacterial overgrowth, spotting, and subsequent urinary tract/kidney infection. I 'm back to Estrace cream.
I was given this medication after battling a bad sinus infection for 3 weeks now. The med helped my cough for maybe the first day, afterwards I have been dealing with bad headaches and going on two days without sleep. Needless to say, after going to the doctor numerous times I 'm still coughing (dry cough), sore throats, chest congestion &amp; painful chest due to all the coughing at night. Looking forward to a quick recovery soon. I 'm on my 2nd dose of steroids and antibiotics, I need relief!!
I took 2 Dulcolax for mild constipation and 5 hours later was hit with severe abdominal pain and sweating for about 45 minutes. It was the first time that I had used this. I was about to leave for the emergency room and it subsided.  My daughter read some reviews on Dulcolax and found that several people were affected in this way. I would definitely stay away from this product. It did relieve the constipation this morning.
All my muscles and joints got stiff 2 weeks after taking it and I never went back to feeling normal, always stiff and achy.
Had zero effect except impotence. This drug is over rated.
I was given this medication for fibromyalgia. Now at 21 years of age I am having heart problems. The first medication they took me off of after the heart problems surfaced was Amrix. Upon further research and communication with Amrix representatives I found that this medication is not supposed to be used for over a period of 3 weeks. Something my doctors obviously were unaware of. Just letting everyone out there know in case they find themselves in a similar situation.
I have osteoporosis at age 49. I had reclast on March 5, 2015. The side effects that I have experienced have been extreme. About 4 hours after the treatment I felt a crushing sensation from shoulders to hips, difficulty breathing. Movement made it worse. Went to ER, Drs. administered by IV, Benadryl and steroid. I have experienced bone pain throughout my body, at times not able to move without pain. That has past after 2 1/2 weeks. I have extreme tingling, itching, redness in my entire body. Doctor put me on prednisone and hydroxyzine. This has not helped me. I am unable to sleep due the itching. Has anyone else had these side effects? If so then what did you do to take care of it.
I started taking Latuda a month ago and it is the most debilitating drug I 've ever hadi feel like I can 't move or have any motivation to do anything. Ive also gained 20 pounds. Im absolutely miserable. Do not take this! It 's not worth feeling like a slug all day.
I 've had awful cramps and I 've had a period for 2 months straight. It 's caused me to have period clots (which I had never had before so it scared the crap out of me) I 've just felt miserable with this form of birth control!
At first, I thought it was great- no headache. Then, the more frequently I used the medication to treat my migraines, the more debilitating side-effects I began to experience. I could first mitigate the burning/pain and weakness in my head, neck and jaw and the general feeling of malaise/fatigue by the administration of Naproxen or Ibuprofen prior to the Imitrex, but then, even that ceased to be effective. I finally quit after experiencing total body weakness, a more severe burning/pain in my upper extremeties than ever before (accompanied by fluctuating hot/cold sensations everywhere else), irregular heartbeat and irregular breathing after administration. If you experiencing adverse side-effects- it gets worse! Please, find something else.
I had a urinary tract infection (e-coli) and was taking Macrobid, but after a week, I was still having very discomforting symptoms. In previous UTIs my doctors had given me Bactrim and symptoms cleared up within days. I researched the medicine as soon as I ran out of it, and found that it was more effective in preventing than in treating, and users were prone to recurring infections. I promptly called the doctors the next morning and got a prescription for Bactrim. I was fine not too long after that.
I got my first shot of depo before I got discharged from the hospital after having my son back in Sept 2015. I had my normal postpartum bleeding but was still bleeding ranging from spotting to heavy when I got my 2nd shot. I have been bleeding on and off more on than off so when I missed my 3rd shot on the 23rd of Feb 2016, I was thinking the bleeding would stop but no. I have been full blown heavy period type bleeding for the last 2 weeks. I already have anemia problems and had to have a blood transfusion after I had my son. So this nonstop bleeding is not good but I can 't get it to stop and can 't go see a doctor cuz I no longer have insurance to do so. I will not be going back on depo for sure.
I took this medicine after having many urinary tract infections in the past year. I usually am prescribed CIPRO but this time the nurse at the minute clinic CVS told me to try this. Little did I know how much worse I was going to feel. It did help with the UTI which then later became a yeast infection...but I became very weak, had a fever, no energy and went numb from my knees down my legs. I could not feel circulation in my legs.
This medicine was awful. Every time I took it (for whatever reason) it made me feel in a daze throughout the day (not a good feeling). However, this might have been just a bad reaction with my Concerta.
I have had 3 infusions and I am tired all the time and just want to sleep. My vision has also been more blurry.  I  understand the immune system can be lower on Simponi.  I now have the shingles on my face and I had the shingles vaccine two years ago. I have had RA for 33 years and Plaquenil has helped me more than anything as far as stiffness and pain. Have been taking it for at least 20 years. I also take celebrex and methotrexate.
On 900mg 3 times a day and it is not working at all for me. In need of something that is actually going to suppress the pain. 
This has been the worst experience on Birth Control I 've had. I 've had this for about 5 months and I have been bleeding everyday. I am giving it the full 7 months as recommended by my doctor, but if the bleeding doesn 't stop, I 'm getting it out and will not be using any BC for awhile. I haven 't had headaches or mood swings, it 's just the constant bleeding that is the issue.
Unfortunately this medication had a very negative effect on me. I was supposed to take it for occasional nerve zaps that I get from having IC. When I took it, it didn 't take the pain away. Instead it changed it into a CONSTANT burning pain which is way worse than the previous zaps. I stopped taking it, and although I was on a low dose 25mg a night, I got horrible withdrawal symptoms and am still dealing with panic attacks upon waking up. I know this drug has been a godsend for some people, but please be careful because it has the potential to make things way worse.
Four weeks now on this medication first 3 weeks on 1.5 then they reduced it to .75 still no different, and am NOT taking another one! The vomiting and diarrhoea is crippling me, having to take two days a week off sick, I can 't do this. I 've lost just under a stone in weight and I 'm not that big to start with! The constance stomach cramps not wanting to be far from the loo is taking its toll! It hasn 't helped my sugars at all if anything it 's worse! Good luck
I am 86 years old. I only took 2 doses of 750 mg over 2 days &amp; was having calf pain, nervousness &amp; trouble sleeping.
I took alli for 2 days and now I pee blood so bad I am so scared , I stop taking it right away, will not take it again
I had suffer from the below side effects :excess air or gas in the stomach, full feeling,lack or loss of strength,passing gas,sore throat. I stopped taking it.
My doctor prescribed me Ponstel recently.  I suffer from endometriosis, and am in pain 3 weeks a month.  I took the first pill, fell asleep shortly afterwards.  When I woke up, I had horrible pains shooting through my stomach.  I was told to stop taking it, and got prescribed good old Vicodin.  I realize I 'm in a small percentage of people who have had problems with this medicine, but since the other reviews have been good, I wanted to let people know that it does have side effects.
I started Nortrel August 2016, and whenever I went on it my appetite increased like crazy and I became severely depressed. I started binge eating and gained about 20 lbs in two months. For a while I didn 't put two and two together and thought that I was just depressed and developing terrible eating habits. The next few months I was going through therapy and trying to get my binge eating under control. Nothing worked and I felt awful. Finally about two months ago I questioned whether the birth control was to blame for all of my problems. I went off and got a Skyla IUD and let me tell you... BEST DECISION EVER! I 've lost about 5 lbs in a month with no effort and I definitely have noticed that my appetite is back to normal since switching.
Nonstop spotting for 6 weeks. Weight gain, bloated. I can&rsquo;t wait to switch back to Juleber. My only side effect with Juleber was bigger boobs.
Had a sinus infection for over a month, but didn 't know it, because it started out as pain in my teeth.  Went to dentist on 2 seperate occassions within 2 weeks to have a check-up and x-rays.  X-rays revealed nothing wrong with my teeth.  Pain went to throat for 2 weeks and then my ear.  All on left-side.  Went to my PCP, who said my sinuses were almost completely closed.  I did not have any pain around eyes/nose at this point.  Put on Levaquin.  The pain has gotten worse!!  Has not helped me with my sinus infection.  In fact, I 'm on day 6, and not only do I have pain in my teeth, ears, and throat still, but now it 's traveled throughout my entire head!  The malaise I feel is horrible! Been mainly in bed for 5 days now! Horrible antibiotic!!
I had mirena inserted July of 2014. The insertion was extremely painful for me and I tend to take menstrual pretty well. The only pro for me was not having to think about birth control. Everything else was sadly a con. My periods did not become lighter, my cramps did not get less painful. I had a regular heavy period every month since July. Finally yesterday was when I reached my breaking point. I started my period 3 days ago and the cramps were excruciating. My gyno was able to see me and it turns out my body was trying to explell the iud and it was pushing on my uterus. Needless to say, out it came which I truly didn 't feel. Can 't wait to start any other birth control again. The acne I 've gotten since July has been just horrible also.
I started this just to see if it would help with my period and the cramps I had. My face first started by breaking out really bad everywhere. I also felt bloated 24/7 the whole month I took it. I stopped when I started my period and the cramps were worse than they have ever been before. It was horrible. I wouldn 't recommend it to any 18 year old.
Worst drug I have ever taken for anxiety. I took it as prescribed and it actually caused me to have episodes of crying and anxiety. Well thats wonderful, a drug that made me worse. Stay away from this, it could ruin your life if you get addicted
Mucinex is great for decongesting your lungs. Didn 't have any part in helping my Fibromyalgia pain.
I have had very severe chronic constipation for over two years that has just seemed to get worse and worse over time.  I 've tried Amitiza on a few occasions over the last couple years and each time has been a awful experience.  It works but it takes about 3 days and those 3 days are unbearable.  Horrible gas and bloating, headaches, cramps, nausea, not to mention the pain in my back and sides from the severe bloating.  I gave a friend some of my samples and it worked wonders for her, she had none of those side effects. Everyone is different, it 's always worth a try.
I am 25 and I had the Mirena inserted 4 months ago. The doctor told me I will experience slight discomfort for the first three weeks and that my bleeding may be abnormal-but what I experienced was far beyond that. The pain on ONLY my right side started to become more severe and COMPLETELY random, it woke me up at nights. I thought it was just my body getting used to the foreign device in my body, after all the doc did say it would take some time. I gave it 4 months of daily agonizing pain and many doc appointments just making sure the Mirena was in place and nothing was wrong. The doc kept me assured that everything was in place and basically hinted that I was simply being dramatic. IUD 's aren 't worth it to me, I 'm back to pills. Too scary!
I have Crohn 's disease, I 've had two surgeries, and have problems digesting food. My Doctor put me on Creon, and within an hour after taking it I had the worst case of brain fog ever. Like being stoned, but not in a good way. I tried it for several days and then stopped. Waited several days and tried it again with the same result.My doctor said it &quot;could not&quot; have been from the Creon............well, I 'm sure that it was.
I really eat healthy on a regular basis low carb kind of like the keto and atkins diet. I lost around 60 pounds on my own and was in a plateau phase. My doctor suggested taking this medicine. The first 2 days major headaches but then they went away. I am eating, working out, and doing my normal routine with this medicine. Now I weight myself 1 week later and learned I GAINED 9 POUNDS! Doesn 't make any sense but I am going to stop taking it when I can loose that much myself without medicine. Really sad but this is what I have to do.
The first time I was on nuva for about 8 months and got pregnant. Imy thinking the cause could have been another medication I was on while using nuva. After that pregnancy I had started using nuva again with no there medications, was using it Sept 2015 to march 2016. I started getting bad leg cramps, migraines, shortness of breath, dizziness, bad abdominal pain, and some days couldn 't get out of bed to take care of my 3 kids I was in so much pain. I stopped using it and have a drs appt to check for a blood clot and anything else that could be going on. Alot of my pain and migraines have decreased since being off it just 5 days. Still experiencing some pain in my knees, and some abdominal pain, but for the most part way better thandle I was.
Was given Levaquin for bronchitis/pneumonia. Within 15 minutes of first dose, I had violent vomiting that lasted almost a half hour. Cannot know if this would help or not. Doctor advised to discontinue use and continue with the steroids. After 4 days,congestion in chest almost cleared. Check all interactions before using.
Unfortunately after taking my first dose of Zomig, I had an allergic reaction to it.  Upper lip felt like I was stung by a bee and started to swell up on one side.  This stayed in the same location for about 45 minutes.  After that, my left cheek started to swell and get numb along with my nose.  Off to the ER I had to go.  While it DID kick the migraine, I had an unfortunate reaction to it.
Tried monistat 7 cream tubes the first time and it gave me insane burning and itching that I went to the hospital ..this time I have a worse YI and stupidly decided to try it again n WORST IDEA EVER, its made the symptoms TRIPLE their intensity!! I will never buy this rubbish again , in the worse pain ever and its looking like no sleeping tonight .. even tried digging out as much of it as possible and its torture !!
This drug distorted my son and took his life.  Stay away and learn to cope with you problems through natural methods.  So what if you are OCD, deal with wanting to make sure your bar of soap sits squarely in the dish. It 's a much better than killing yourself.  STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!
I usually don 't write reviews, but I felt my experience needed to be shared to warn others. I have a very high pain tolerance, I 've never had a problem with pain until I started using this 0.025% cream. I have never felt such horrible burning pain in my life. My skin looks horrible now, I have red splotches everywhere that are also dry. The only reason I started using this was because I started developing some minor breakout about once a month and they were enough to lower my confidence. But this pain is absolutely not worth it. I was supposed to continue for 5 months but I absolutely will not. I can 't even lay my head on my pillow at night without my face feeling like it 's on fire.
I read all the reviews on here andI wonder what went wrong with me. I have been plagued by cold sores regularly since a young girl and just the last few years my outbreaks have been considerably lessened to about once a year, more recently it 's been almost two years since my last one. When at the doctors a few months ago, I knew the winter time was the most frequent time for me to get a cold sore I requested a prescription from my doctor and she prescribed Valtrex. This morning, I woke up with tightness is my lip, no tingling, and immediately took my first dose of it ever and it got progressively worse all day. I convinced myself after the second dosage, it would get better and it didn 't. It spread further up my lip. Any advice.
Very depressed after 2 days. Didn 't seem to have an impact on my appetite.
I have not tried any medication beside this, and I could not feel anything from 30mg or 50mg, and I do not have any hope for 70mg either right now.
I have taken for 2 days now it only made it so I cant breathe out of my nose and my ears and hearing are bad I feel almost deaf.
This is THE worst product EVER!!! Do not waste your money. Go to your doctor instead. Hours after putting the little ball of medication into my vag oh my goodness!!! I was in so much discomfort! My va-jj was on FIRE!!! It burned so bad I almost cried. And it didn&rsquo;t go away either. Nope! Instead, it got progressively worse over the following 2-3 days. Not only that but it made my lady bits swell up!! I was a swollen, burning mess. It was worse than having an actual yeast infection! I&rsquo;m beginning to wonder if the makers of this medication are a bunch of dudes and they are playing a sick joke on all of us women!&quot;
After my 4 th child I went with the para guard not fully decided on if/when we 'd have more kids. 10 years gave me plenty of thinking time :)My 4th just started kindergarten and I was thrilled to have a schedule with free time for once. The day before school started I found out I 'm pregnant!!I immediately went to the doctor to have it removed but it isn 't an easy pull. They couldn 't find the string. It shows on an ultrasound still attached but attached right at the pregnancy. Too risky to remove. I just had a follow up ultrasound to be sure the pregnancy is viable at 7 weeks and discovered TWINS!!I know, sounds like a funny prank. It 's true. I 'm pregnant with twins and the IUD is still attached! Found outMy sis is preg too IUD in place!
I was given this medication at the gastroenterologist office and it has not worked after 2 days of taking it. I went to the doctor because I have been so bloated. Amitiza has worsened the bloating!!!
I been taking this pill for about 8 months and let me tell u what a Nightmare at 32 I thought I had left my acne problems in my teens.. I been depressed crazy anxiety from the bad acne this pill has giving me white heads and cysts like pimples all over my chin.. Don 't recommend this to anyone!!!
Ugh - Taking this medicine was a big mistake. My Doctor 's recommendation turned out to be a bad one. I 'm currently 60 days in with  and feel more anxious than before beginning zoloft. There were some days where i didn 't obsess over stressful things in my life, but the bad very much out weighed the good. All day long at work i have been feeling like a nervous wreck. Also, know that it will destroy your sex life. My libido is non-existant as of now. This created even more anxiety and stress with the vicious circle of failure. This medicine just made me a frustrated mess. I 'm going to look into wellbutrin and try and be hopeful. Don 't waste your time
HELP! Is there a 9-1-1 for the vagina?! Took this b4 bed and woke up 3 hours later like someone said, &quot;your YI isn 't bad enough, take this! I 've read that most experienced intense burning..I experienced intense ITCHING, far worse than the YI caused..then a little mild burning later...couldn 't sleep..horribly uncomfortable..in the end it worked, but DAMN!!!
I started taking this pill last October and have not had a period since. I 've noticed being extremely tired and moody. I 'm not that type of person, also I have NEVER had an issue with weight gain until I started this pill last year, I have very slowly gained 12lbs. I eat very well and, workout and I can 't get off even a pound. It 's really upsetting. 
I have stomach issues and within the first week I had worse stomach cramps and pain and throat gurgles. It made my symptoms worse.
My father who has a neurological disorder was taking ambien and my family had 2 terrifying experiences. The first time my dad got up and fell several times and was completly unresponsive, he could not speak and we had thought that he had a stroke. Next time he took it I woke up in the middle of the night to a  huge bang finding him in the kitchen with a gash on his forehead. The even scarier thing is he never recalled any of these things. I 'm not sure on the dosage but I don 't recommend to anyone!
I 'm getting married in 3 months and did not want to get pregnant before the wedding. Usually I do family planning for birth control and that has worked out great. But me and my fianc&eacute; have been having unprotected sex a lot so I decided to go on the pill until the wedding. I started Sunday and it has been a NIGHTMARE! I started crying about the smallest things, which is so abnormal for me. I have never been the emotional type. This began on Day 3. By day 5, I was truly depressed and yelling at my fianc&eacute; because he fell asleep before I made it back from the store to help me with my bags. Day 6 is when I came to the realization and started reading about the side effects. For such a small pill, it does a lot of damage. Please do not take this.
If i could give this any less than 1 star i would. I usually take yaz for birth control reasons and because I have pretty bad acne. My Dr prescribed me yaz, yet after trying the other generic Lornya and telling them I don 't want any more generics I got stuck with this. Figured I 'd try it anyway and let me tell you the last time my skin was this bad I had an allergic reaction to a face wash and was one big puss pimple. On top of that, I ended up getting multiple little cysts in my ovaries because they were trying to form eggs, causing a lot of pain and a high doctor bill trying to figure out the problem with tests and my periods are usually early and I 'm in pain. Needless to say I gave up, &amp; next week I start the real yaz again and I can 't wait
This shot has caused numbing of my writing arm, I am chronically fatigued. All I want to do is sleep. My appetite is enraged and I am having to be very careful about what I eat as I have already gained six pounds; I am worried that the fatigue is permanent as other women I have come across have permanent chronic fatigue. 
 I just used the three day pack of monistat for the first time, right after inserting the cream I felt like everything down there was on fire!!! I sat with it for about thirty minutes hoping the pain would subside, I ended up pushing the cream out and wiping away all traces of it, while wiping I noticed some blood. I 'm really scared that it was a really really bad allergic reaction. Still burning and red down there!!!!! help!
The drug store really pushed the high dose for anyone over 65.  My husband had a severe reaction 1 hour after the vaccination.  He slumped over in his chair and was extremely hot.  He fainted although he did not lose consciousness.  We went to the doctor who told us they would not carry this high dose due to the side effects.  It is a live vaccine.  I would caution anyone about taking this.
I have more acne as an adult then I had in my teenage years. I 'm now 43 . Its all on the lower quarter of my face.. it is awful.  More like cystic acne. I can not take antibiotics for acne due to my health issues.  My dermatologist has tried it all. I find it very drying. And acne is not getting better. I 've been on it a few months now and I 've had it. I don 't like anyone seeing me.  This isn 't working for me. So disappointing
No relief at all. No upset stomach or any other side effects.
I 've been on Yaz for a year and a half. Before I was ever on birth control I was very calm and a very easy going person. Ever since I went on Yaz I 've been overly moody and angry all the time. I 've lost my interest in doing anything new and now my husband and I fight all the time. I also bleed irregularly and have constant random spotting. On top of that I developed gallstones and had to have my gall bladder removed. The only good thing that Yaz has done for me is prevent pregnancy. The only reason I haven 't changed to a different birth control is because I have been overseas until a few weeks ago and the birth control I want was not available there. I have an appointment to change birth control this week.
Just recently was diagnosed with bipolar tapered off of paxil to try this oh my I was not myself much worse my mania went through the roof talking very fast spending money without thought impetuous thoughts needed to come off of it after a week
Made the cough go away, two days later and zero hours of sleep. Give me the cough all day. Honestly this things make you feel like your on drugs. If you are trying to achieve a legal high that you can buy at the store this is for you.STAY AWAY FROM THIS THING
My eye doctor tried me on Restasis for dry eyes the first time being about a year ago.  I didn 't experience stinging as some have and thought it was going to do the job.  However, about a week into the treatment my eyes felt swollen.  I lifted my upper lids to see if anything looked wrong and my eyeball looked like it had hemorrhaged.  I took a picture so I could show my doctor and stopped the treatment.  About 6 months later we decided to try it again thinking maybe another medication I was using could have caused the Restasis to react that way.  But once again it did the same thing.
I 'm up to 3mg dose.. only lost 8 lbs in 2 months. I was very leary starting this medicine due to the thyroid and nausea issues, but I gave it a try.. it did not curb my cravings. It did make me full fast.. so instead of eating 2 sandwiches, I would only be able to force 1 down, but I don 't think its worth it. My Dr says it takes 4 months to really kick in. Side effects were dry mouth, HORRIFIC FATIGUE, and confusion. nothing too major, but like any drug there is something. I would not recommend this drug as it is not a fast solution to weight loss and it is pretty discouraging if you want to lose more than 1 lb a week even with injecting yourself.
In April and then May of 2015 I began having heavy periods. In May I bled from the 5th to the 22nd, stopped for 2 days then started again on the 24th. After going to the doc I was told it was nearing its expiration date (had it since June 2010). Was finally able to have it removed in July  2015. A week or so later I began bleeding heavily. I passed clots that ranged in size from half dollars to tennis balls; one so large I had to look in toilet to make sure I hadn 't just had a baby!! The clots have somewhat lessened but the bleeding is still heavy. I get dizzy, feel drained, and lose a lot of hair. Currently, I began bleeding on January 19th, today is February 21st and I 'm still bleeding. I do not recommend the Mirena to anyone!
22 yr old with horrible and frightening nocturnal panic attacks 2-3 hrs after falling asleep every night. Waking up in a confused state with vivid images making no sense, yet feeling a need to act on them before realizing the situation wasn 't real. Researched on my own and discovered a definite correlation between ranitidine and panic attacks. Stopped taking Zantac 3 weeks ago and have not experienced a panic attack since. Feel like I was reborn. Ridiculous drug with far too many untold or unknown side effects. Stay away from this. After asking different psychiatrists, only half knew Zantac can cause or worsen panic/anxiety.
I took the recommended dosage of Delsym and it went in my mouth and set my throat on fire I have never felt pain like that I couldn 't sleep at all I sat up all night crying I 've never felt pain like that from a cough medicine or so-called cough medicine
Within the 1st week I went from a happy optimistic girl, to a very unhappy, unstable individual. My experience: crying for no reason, complete misery, severe weight gain, anti-social, exhausted, nauseous, dry eyes, high anxiety, NO sex drive, painful sex, cramping, bloating, irrational behavior...
I took this since I am not on birth control yet and just recently had my baby (5 weeks ago). This pill has way worse side effects than Plan B. This pill has meEmotional crying within minutes and gave me a migraine minutes after that and a few hours later I woke up with extreme cramping in my lower back and abdomen for hours I was up in pain. I would never take this again.
Hi, I 'm 24 years old, healthy, and known for my fitness regime. I 've been taking Yaz for three weeks now and it is horrible. I have a history of mental health issues and this medicine made me severely depressed and suicidal. I lost all interest in my activities and it is hard for me to talk to people anymore. I also gained a little weight, got hives, and regularly have stomach pains now. I 'm not sure if I should continue with this medicine. I 'm going to talk to my doctor. But, I know medicine doesn 't necessarily work the same for everyone, so I wanted to share my experience. Talk to your doctor about the risks before taking Yaz.
I 'm 23 years old. I 'm due for a 3rd shot the end of this month but I don 't think I 'm taking it. I 've had severe headaches and backaches. My eyes hurt going outside so I have to wear sunglasses in winter!. I haven 't had any periods just spotting now and then. I 've gained a lot of weight well being on it because I seem to always be hungry. I have no sex drive what so ever. I 'm extremely moody. I wouldn 't recommend this shot to anyone. I 've heard nothing but bad things about it since being on it. And I didn 't know that this shot is also used for cancer patients too. I 'm going to stop the shot because of the bone strength loss and possible infertility caused by this shot.
side effects back pain, tiredness, bruiseing, hoursness &amp; bleeding.
Came down with a very high fever and the flu. I had chills off and on for two days, which culminated with some good ole ' vomit. Doc at urgent care prescribed me this horrific, useless drug for the nausea. I have NEVER had a poor reaction to any drug, until now. Even with this drug, I felt extremely nauseous and had horrific headaches. I forced myself to throw up to relieve the dibilitating feeling and stopped taking this drug and voila. I hate this drug. Never again. The headaches it induced brought me to the brink of tears.
I was on TriNessa for 5 months and at first everything went well. I had no problems with it but after my 3rd month I started noticing really bad emotional changes. I started of being moody and then it went on to crying everyday at night. I got to the point where I was really depressed and didn 't want to do anything. Oh and also my jaw would hurt a lot after taking the pill.
I 've been taking 10mg for 4 days now (today will be day 5) and I 'm wondering if I can make it a full week like my doctor wants me to. The side effects have been horrible for me. I 've been walking around like a nauseous zombie since day 1. Then there 's the dizziness and headache that goes along with it. The only benefit I 've experienced so far is weight loss, but that 's not at all why I started taking this medication. Instead of the anxiety and depression I would normally feel, I feel no emotions. 
I have started taken yasmin after reading reviews about how good it is for acne and PMS , and I had very frequent periods that I needed to regulate ,   but soon after taking the 1st tablet I had severe nausea that lasted all day , 3 days down the line I became very low in mood , I was very tearful , the slightest things would irritate me , I had never felt like this in ages, I was  taking accutane at the same time , so I attributed the low mood to accutane. Since I couldn 't tolerate the severe nausea , I stopped taking yasmin and strangely my mood suddenly changed , I was no longer depressed or tearful and I was still on accutane. I think people react differently to medications , but I am sure yasmin wasn 't the right OCP for me.
I have been on a small amount of Methadone 5mg twice daily.  I can only go to the bathroom like 1 -2 times a week and then it 's little hard balls.  I took Movantik 25mg 1 time and went within 1 hour that would have been ok, but then a few minutes later my stomach hurt I mean realty hurt I was in tears then I went again, well I have gone so much it is pure water now and I will not take this again, I would be scared to try the 12.5mg.  No withdrawal symptoms but the runs well the last time I had this that bad my kidneys were shutting down, so I fear for this, cannot eat or drink anything it runs right through me...be careful, I would try the lower amount first and see how that goes.
After taking this for 3 days for a UTI  infection, my vision was so blurry I could hardly read. I called the doctor and he changed my medication and in a day the blurriness went away. I don 't know if the medication works, but it scared me that my vision was going and stopped it right away.
I have only been using it a week. But it has made my age spots DARKER!!. Not sure if I should keep using it or not.
My experience has been horrible... I feel like throwing up all the time. The worse part is just the feeling of it. Also, my boobs are sore and my body aches. I feel super blooded and I actually look blooded. I guess, this pill reacts in different ways for different people; however for me has been a horrible experience. Some of the symptoms I have experience are: Calf Cramps, headache, continuous nauseas,  body ache as if I was getting the flue, headaches....
3rd colonoscopy, first with this prep.  I was excited not to have to force down the large volume of the traditional and discussing prep fluid.  That 's where my satisfaction ended.  In short, it didn 't do the job and left me bloated and cramping for days.  3 weeks after the procedure I was still not feeling myself.  I have learned from others this is a common experience.  Do not recommend!
I had mirena right after my 2nd child in 2009. Insertion wasnt bad at all. Felt like mild cramping I felt like passing out only bc I stopped breathing from being nervous. But I bled...literally for 3 weeks straight. After that I was fine but I gained 10 lbs and I was a total nutcase. I had it in for 2 years. The removal was the worst it felt like she was pulling my insides out. I just had my 3rd child and I am trying skyla...every person is different.  Talk to your dr she or he knows you the best
Tooth infection. After taking 5 of the 28 pills I had the worst heartburn of my life and could not even lay down. After 10 of them I ended up in the ER with chest pains, excruciating heartburn, diarrhea, and the itchiest hives from head to toe. They were however very effective at clearing up the infection which in turn reduced the pain in my mouth significantly. So for me, where tooth pain is almost intolerable it was a trade off I accept.
Worst thing ever. Cleared my face in 3 days only to make it twice as worse after the 3rd day. I  now have acne in places I 've never ever had a single breakout. I hate it
Did not phase my psoriasis in any way. It did manage to take my fingertips off the fingers I was using to apply it. I would have thought it was pretty strong based on that. But did nothing for my patches.
No suicide ideation, but I was the most boring, apathetic and tired person ever. I literally fell asleep standing up. Extreme dreams. This changed me and everybody noticed. It was only good in the sense that I was no longer sad.
Had this vaccine at Dr. 's request. Regret it. I 'd rather have pneumonia Injection. The shoulder, neck, back and arm are extremely painful I cannot raise my arm and have no strength to lift or move my arm. Wished I had read this site before injection. I can not drive or worse yet walk because I use crutches.
My dad took this and had ALL the side effects....including delusional thoughts and actions! 
Cyclessa had all the negative side effects that it lists.  I was irritable, irrational and depressed to the point of suicidal thoughts.  I gained 15 pounds on the drug in less than a month.  It didn 't help at all with my terrible cramps.  However, I 'm not pregnant, but I don 't know if that had to do with it killing my sex drive.
I 've been taking sprintec for 3 months as prescribed after a surgical abortion as a birth control/period regulator. Before starting sprintec my period were on time but extremely heavy. I had been on lo minestrin for a few yrs prior to starting sprintec and had a ton of success with that, but my insurance stopped covering it so I had to change perscriptions. I 'm on my last few days of month 3 and I have been bleeding everyday for the past two and a half months. It 's beyond normal spotting - I use up a super plus tampon twice a day. On my normal periods I use four to five super plus tampons. I thought something was very wrong with me, and I 'm still gonna see a Dr, but reading these reviews leads me to believe its just a really horrible medication.
My doctor recommended I buy abrevea. I used it several times and it did temporarily help with the pain however when I woke up in the morning  my sore was gooey and looked like it had melted all over it cause it to spread on other parts of my lip.
I had chest pain and palpitations. Was prescribed Imdur and took 1 tablet. That was the worst 3 days of my life. I prefer the angina to the &quot;cure.&quot; Caused nausea, vomiting, intense pain (felt like my body was made of broken glass), every sound went right thru me, and every noise was excruciating. Never again.
After a few days taking Augmentin I had shortness of breath, dizziness and my tongue starting to swell up. My skin felt like was on fire. I had to go to ER, doctor there said I was allergic to that medicine.
I just got out of the hospital and I 'm in excruciating pain. The surgeon took out my hip implants and broke my femur . I have antibiotic spacers and balls put in. I was on a baseline of fentanyl plus 100 mcg every 6 minutes via PCA on top of a 250 mcg patch and 45 mg oxycodone every 3 hours  and 40 mgs of Oxycontin every 8 hours. Also, Ketamine spray every 2 hours. I was released with in adequate medication and my PM doc put me on 30 mg of Opana every 3 hours.
This was the worst of all the antidepressants I 've been on. One day without taking it and I would immediately start to withdrawal. I quit this cold turkey disregarding my doctor 's request because I just wanted it out of my system. I basically went manic for about a week but I felt so much better when it was cleared from my system. Hated this drug. 0 stars if I could. My new doctor even refuses to prescribe this.
Well I have been on my period for almost three weeks now. And I have asked a lot of people if they have it and they said yes. But I don 't like it BC I feel like I 'm as big as a cow
I have been on a small amount of Methadone 5mg twice daily.  I can only go to the bathroom like 1 -2 times a week and then it 's little hard balls.  I took Movantik 25mg 1 time and went within 1 hour that would have been ok, but then a few minutes later my stomach hurt I mean realty hurt I was in tears then I went again, well I have gone so much it is pure water now and I will not take this again, I would be scared to try the 12.5mg.  No withdrawal symptoms but the runs well the last time I had this that bad my kidneys were shutting down, so I fear for this, cannot eat or drink anything it runs right through me...be careful, I would try the lower amount first and see how that goes.
My 5 year old son started off on the generic version for 2 weeks before switching to the intuniv. He did OK on the generic tenex (not an extended release), it just made him drowsy. The 1St day on the intuniv (extended release) however, he was busy, could not sit still for nothing &amp; sleep was not on his mind. 2nd day, his Dr. told me to up the dose to 2mg(b/c he had been taking 1mg of the generic 2 weeks prior). My son was worse! He was worse than he was before he started any of the meds. Dr. took him off &amp; put him back on the generic, 1mg, no problems so far besides the drowsiness. Generic, $60 some bucks,  intuniv $300. Surprised the cheapest works better!
I can 't  use the explicit language to describe my time with this, IMO, rat poison..Started at 37.5 ,then 75,eventually 225.Naturally, Dr 's always say-&quot;You 've got to give it time to work!&quot;..SURE DOC!..Want you to all know I 'm no rookie at this, having battled depression for 23 years, and taken over 30 different meds, and certainly, THIS DRUG WAS BY FAR, THE WORSTTTTT..I refuse to believe that this drug was allowed to be given to humans.Getting on it, I became practically more dead, spending 20 hours a day in bed,, suicidal ideations one after another, crying, not eating, hopeless even more and every other negative symptom you can name associated with depression.Getting off is YOUR WORST NIGHTMARE-FOR ME?.3 ENTIRE MONTHS!=BEWARE!!
My new Dr. Recommend I use afin for my sinus congestion, the first time my nose and my throat burned and stinging. Now my throat is sore and  I lost my voice. It made my illness worse. I was better of using saline.
This medication is a JOKE!! Stay on subs  before you try this. Omg it 's horrible. I can 't believe the scam these pharmaceutical companies are pushing out with this horrible medication. Feels like I 'm withdrawing all over again!!
I have not seen any improvement at all.........
I had previously been on Ortho Micronor, the name brand for norethindrone, 0.35 mg, for 3 years. Then my insurance wouldn 't cover it so I had to go on Jolivette. After about a week of taking this pill, I started to experience heightened anxiety. It got so bad that I could no longer do simple day-to-day tasks such as going to class or going to a restaurant. I was having panic attacks daily. It then got to the point where I was terrified to leave my house. I was also overcome with depression. This all happened within the first 2 weeks of taking this pill. It was too horrible to endure so I stopped taking it. My mental health is still not 100% back to normal.
I have been taking Contrave for 4 days.  I am 5 '2 1/2 and wgt 156.  I was taking phentermine but then I began to read about contrave and asked my Dr. for it. I have been taking it only four days I don 't feel anything.  Does this medicine have to be taken for a while before it kicks in. I take one in the AM. I don 't have any of the symptoms that I read about. I not sure about the cravings or eating to much because I feel like it may be a placebo effect.  Did anyone else have this kind of feeling.?  Should I just give it more time to kick in.?  Its not an inexpensive drug to keep taking if it doesn 't work. I hope I am wrong and the weight loss will start happening soon as it did for some of the people I have read about.
THIS MEDICINE IS THE DEVIL!  If you want to feel paranoid, confused, like the worst bitch, anxious and destroy every relationship that 's dear to you----&gt; take this stuff! I guarantee at least u won 't get pregnant! I smashed up and flushed all my pills today cuz I can 't take this rubbish anymore! 
Hello, I was diagnosed May 7,2016, had a single mastectomy on 5/23, that put me to have IDC stage 2 grade 3 onco diagnostic score of 29. I went through chemo four AC and 12 taxol. A lot of side effects including blood clots in my medi port, heart and lung, white blood cells extremely low, sent me to the hospital for four days, I was put on xarelto for the blood clots. I was finally able to complete my chemo Dec 16,2016. My onco started me on anastrozole in Feb 2017, and after just 10 days I stopped them, it was not much bc of the bone pain, tiredness, etc, but because my mood was so horrible, I was just snapping a people for no reason and I didn 't like that. She said 50/50 chance, then I 'll take my chance.
Belsomra, for me, is the worst sleep aid I have ever taken. It seems to have the opposite effect on me, I can 't sleep at all. Took it with a benzo after a couple of nights with Belsomra alone, worst sleep ever.
Have been taking it for 2 weeks  and now wake up stiff and in a lot of pain. I can barely walk because  I have arthritis in my ankle I 'm going to have to go back to my other medicine because  this one does not work at all for me.
Took this and had the worst 4 hours of non stop dry cough, no relief. Finally took robitussin again and stayed with that and Tylenol to get some sleep. Was really hoping for sleep relief when I came back from Dr. But this was not it.
I was on this medication for THREE DAYS, missed ONE DAY, and for a week my body was in the most excruciating pain. It was almost as if the withdrawal gave me fibromyalgia. Also, I was a different person on all of the medications I tried. Be careful with any medicine you take. It was painful, but I also needed it because of severe suicide ideation. 
Severe menopausal hot flushes and night sweats, did nothing, still have severe night sweats and day time hot flushes!
Not worked for my depression. Zero effect.
Started off on Webutrin (Bupoprion) because Strattera was non-formulary and required approval that didn 't meet my schedule.  Switched, and noticed a dip in mood, but figured that it was some sort of withdrawal from being off Welbutrin. Started at 20mg P.O. for 10 days with no effect, increased dosage to 40mg as scheduled.  Strange dreams, not quite nightmares.  unusual temperature regulation, cold chest, sweating legs.  Started to experience severe difficulty in just getting out of bed, started to have significant irritability and being outright enraged over some things.  Started to experience signs of depression.  Girlfriend noticed and said that she was actually worried about me.   Called doc, was advised to stop. 36 hrs back to normal.
I took the first dose at night because my doc said it may cause sleepiness. I woke up in the middle of the night with a terrible headache and insomnia. Decided to try a second night. This time, no headache but still insomnia. Last night I took my 10th dose and I am awake 2 hours after falling asleep then having a horrible, horrible nightmare about sexual situations, being part of murders, and my son being kidnapped by a killer clown. I know that sounds dumb, but it was extremely realistic and now I can 't go back to sleep. I will call my doc in a few hours to discuss tapering off and quitting this med all together. My pain has not been relieved at all (even if it had, I could continue with the insomnia and graphic nightmares).
I took Simvastatin 5mg for only 1 month before I could no longer tolerate the headaches, and the muscle pain.  I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia 15 years ago, always very mild pain, and very seldom, but now I feel as if the Statins have changed this.  I have been off the Statins for just 1 week.  I tell myself that 5mg for only 1 month should not cause any permanent damage, but I don 't know.  I 'm now treating myself, no more doctors.
After taking the 2nd shot started having back pain, pain in my knees and hands I can 't take statins for the same reasons I was hoping this was the drug without the pain
Been on sertraline for anxiety however my limbs have had a constant ache so doc changed me to mirtazapine 15mg . I took half a tablet b4 bedtime last night &amp; slept well but woke up totally zombified. ....I am a carer so can 't function  feeling  like this so wont be taking anymore!
Reading the reviews. I 'm really jealous of those light period no crampers. I 've only been taking Orysthia for 5 weeks and at first it wasn 't too bad. I noticed significant weight gain during the past 2 weeks and am on my first period on birth control. They are killer. I have never experienced cramps this bad. I get sharp pains in my back, legs, shoulders, and stomach. Everyone 's body is different and this pill isn 't working for me.
I have mild/moderate rosacea with no bumps. My dermatologist recommended I try a new topical gel called Mirvaso and I started using it every day in January 2014. At first, everything was going awesome. Would reapply when redness/heat would start. Side effects gradually took hold. Rebound redness was 10x worse than originally. My face would randomly flush. It would burn so bad and go completely cherry red. My original problem was nowhere near that bad. Eventually, I got weeping rashy patches all over my face. The gel reduced in effectiveness to the big mess it caused. I finally weaned myself off this vicious cycle in September 2014. Had to walk around looking like a freak. Took forever to return to normal. NOT WORTH IT!
I have been taking Syronx to calm my cramping and bleeding on my period and I have not been pleased. I take my pill around 8:30 every night and since I have been taking it I have woken up each night with nausea, dizziness, and bloating. I am not too pleased.
I have had the implant in for 8 months now. Insertion was easy, and it has never caused any pain at the site. I however have experienced terrible mood swings, depression, anxiety, rapid weight gain, loss of hair, excruciating period pains including passing huge clots of uterine lining! Not to mention a faint vaginal odour, random blisters on my hands, moles developing halos around them, and I now have two random white patches of hair on my scalp! My experience has been terrible and continues to be so! I have kept it in because everyone says to give it time before it starts balancing out. I hate what it 's doing to me, and I am getting it out as soon as I can. I cannot recommend this product at all.
Dr. put me on this and within 3 months my A1c went from 6 to 8.6.  Continued for 6 more months and blood sugars are high.
I was the rare case that was allergic to Neulasta and ended up in the ER with anaphylaxis the day after getting the injection.  After an epi-pen, many steroids, and a night in the hospital, I 'm still feeling the effects of the reaction a week later.  I will now have to finish AC chemo without a white blood cell booster.  Please be careful on this medication and call your doctor at any signs of swelling or trouble breathing.
I tried it once my sophomore year in high school. I bled the entire time and tried to commit suicide. It made me crazy. I had many mental breakdowns. I got back on the pill for a year then got back on the shot because I can 't remember to take any meds. This time around was better, but I have gained weight I can 't get rid of. I don 't get a period and because of that I always have yeast infections. It 's effecrive, but many of the women I know say their ovaries went into &quot;hibernation.&quot; Do not try it.
Started Contrave on Saturday. Was feeling very jittery. Took 1 pill on Sunday same effect but worse and terrible nausea. Woke up Monday morning covered in hives. Will be making a doctor appointment today. Sad the Contrave didn 't work for me. Good luck to all of those who can tolerate it and keep pushing toward your goal!
Very bad experience. Heart pounding immediately after ingestion, extreme sensitivity to light, swelling of face, gum, etc.
This was indeed the scariest medication ever. I started it and the first two weeks were too much. I had the normal beginning-taking-New-antidepressant side effects but I 'd have hallucinations in the dark. Things would move and sway and melt together. It began to make me numb over the five years I took this medicine. I couldn 't &quot;feel&quot; anything. All I wanted to do was sleep and sit there and zone out. I felt as though I was in limbo. They tried all doses and absolutely nothing changed. Not only that, I would miss a day and it was a nightmare. Eventually I cut myself off of it in the way the doctor told me to. Scariest experience ever. Worst few weeks of my life. I still had nighttime hallucinations, I felt like I was falling off a skyscraper.
vistaril it 's what they give to people in jail, if you have bad insurance this is what you get or they will offer you Benadryl. both made me feel terrible.
Paraguard was inserted July 2016 and removed June 2017 (almost a year!). The first week after it was installed I had debilitating cramps for three days straight and constant bleeding. Every month my periods were twice as heavy, twice as long and 10 x more painful! I was told this would calm down after 6 months....so I persevered. If anything, my periods got MORE painful to the point where I couldn 't leave the house incase I 'd be hit by a wave of contractions. On a side note, I felt anxious, depressed, introverted, alone,  (I 'm usually so social and confident!), worthless and I experienced social anxiety for the first time! I also gained 20lbs which is definitely not to do with change in diet/exercise. If anything, I was eating better!
I was prescribed Microgestin Fe 1/20 for my PMDD at 18. The first month was amazing, as far as my period goes, light, short, cramp free, nausea and vomit free! But the pill has led to a recurring yeast infection, dryness, weight gain, and now six months later I 've acquired a second period and terrible nausea I 'm really considering just stopping this pill now.
Day 15. I have been on the 2 pill in the morning, 1 in the evening for 4 days. I have developed constipation and abdominal pain. I have lost no weight at all. I am most likely going to stop taking this drug. It is not helping and I don 't like it.
I was on Prozac for somewhere around a year, and my dr prescribed me bupropion to go along with the Prozac. This absolutely ruined my life. I was doing good before it. Not perfect but satisfactory. When I started taking bupropion it gave me adrenaline rushes which led to panic attacks. Even after being off of the medicine around a year I still have panic attacks and have gone through so many Medicines trying to fix the problem. And I 've been reading the experiences of others and unfortunately some people never get over the effects. Please don 't take this medicine. It 's not worth it. Maybe it helps people. But for others like me, it is prescribed flippantly and has awful effects.
Turned me into a lifeless zombie
Gives me heartburn and indigestion. Also makes me nauseous. Prefer the depo shot, wish it was for more long term.
I had nexplanon inserted April 2015. At first it was okay, hardly had my period. By the end of July I began having stomach pains, I felt like I was pregnant. Luckily I wasn 't, but the stomach problems persisted for a couple of months! Finally the stomach problems stopped, but I began having anxiety and slight depression. I was constantly having panic attacks and weird mood swings. One minute I was okay the next I was happy or freaking out over nothing. It got to the point I didn 't know how to cope cause I 've NEVER had anxiety OR depression. I even saw a therapist, and was prescribed Xanax. I started to feel like there was something very wrong with me. I realized it could be implant!! Getting it out in two days! Stay away!!
2 days, 2 pills a night. It will clean you out good, but at a cost. Burning pain and an hour of cramping later, you 'd wish you never took it. It 's not worth it. If you have another option do it. So far the worst pain I 've ever felt.
This is my first time ever having a YI and I wasn 't so sure what to do so of course I asked my mom and we went to the store. Sadly they were all out of the 7 day and I used the 3 day. HOLY HELL. I felt like my vagina was ripping itself apart it BURNS and itches so bad and nothing seems to help! This stuff is WORSE than the pain of the YI. I 'm on day two and I 'm seriously considering not finishing the treatment. This is insane. Unbearable and not worth it. Warm Apple Cider Vinegar &amp; water soaks are so much better!!
This is an evil little pill!  The first time I took it, I became very irritable.  The second day, I was so angry that I screamed at my children for the smallest things.  The third day, I start to itch all over and got a headache.  The fourth day, I was so volatile that I screamed at anyone who dared look at me.  I called my doctor who told me to push through.  The anger became so bad, that I thought I was going to hurt someone.  I 've never reacted like that to any medication and quite frankly, it scared me and my family.As soon as I went off of it, didn 't even wean myself off, my mood started to even out some.
Had it for a year and a bit. Gained weight. Stopped it 8 months ago and get my period twice a month! Painful ones too
My grandmother was given this in the hospital for anorexia and nausea.  She began having tremors after the first dose. It was discontinued, and we are on the second full day post discontinuation, and she is still shaking, severe hallucinations, and mental status changes. 
I got my nexplanon implant on 12/31/14. Today is 7/24/15. My first to &quot;periods&quot; we 're super short and super light. Then on the 3rd period I got (what I like to call) &quot;self destructive uterus and razor blade nipple&quot; syndrome. The worst cramps of my life. It hurt and bled like someone was performing major surgery with a spoon inside of my uterus. I bled THROUGH 3 super plus tampons each day for 3 days, the period continued for a total of 9 days, took 2 days off and then I had a week long spotty-period. Just to have 1 week off, then start the process all over again. I 'm currently going through my 4th &quot;cycle&quot; of this nonsense. Also, I 'm extremely active (have trained for and completed 2 half marathons in the past 8 months) and gained 30 lbs.
I 've been using the depo shot on and off for about 5 years now. I got off it a few years ago due to the increase in weight gain that I got. so I switched to the pill. after a while I decided to go back onto the depo shot. in February 2016, I received my first dosage and everything was fine. near the end of April I began to get my period again, just figuring I needed to go back in for my next injection. after I got my second dose, my period has not gone away since APRIL. I have been bleeding for over 3 months now and I just cannot deal with it anymore. my doctor won 't do anything about it besides tell me to wait out the three months for the depo to leave my system. well here I am... 3 months later and bleeding heavier than ever.
Please don 't get on this bc . I 've been on it for 4 years. It 's made my life hard work and now after I 've been off of it since March. I 'm now bleeding out of control at times. It 's like its never going to end. I don 't know what to do. I wish I  would 've done some research before getting this birth control. I 'm embarrassed at times and becoming stressed out . What can I do to slower or maybe even stop this bleeding?
I have been taking this less than a month and my acne has gotten significantly worse.  The amount of acne has tripled since I stared using this product. Don 't waste your money, this does not work!
I was hoping it would help with acne and birth control but I have gained 6 pounds in 2 weeks and acne is WORSE and no sex drive. 
Worst experience ever. Acne on my face and back which I never had before. Emotions every where. I have gained 25lb in a year of having it and I work out 2-3 days a week doing kick boxing and cross fit which I never worked out before this year and I keep gaining. I have gone up 3 pant sizes. I 'm getting this terrible device out of me next month.
I had started out n ortho tri cyclen, but due to costs, I switched to this brand. Started out great, until this last pack. I became a little less inconsolable, moody, aggravated. Then began the leg cramps. They weren 't that bad at first, but continued to get worse. As I was getting those, I also became familiar with sudden, and harsh migraines that nothing seemed to help. Possibly had vision changes, but can 't completely blame that on the medication because I wear glasses (should be wearing)  I started great, ended horribly (3 Pack duration)
Wish I could have given this a -10. This &quot;medication&quot; is absolute torture. So much worse than my YI. 3 weeks ago I broke my leg, dislocated my ankle and had surgery to put in a plate and 8 screws. Didn 't cry, the pain was bearable. An hour after inserting the capsule I was crying like a baby. Desperately trying to fish out as much cream as possible. I took 3 Benadryl and numbed it with ice and called the emergency nurse line. Will NEVER use this product again.
Did not help blood pressure at all.  Made pulse go high-106 at one point.  Went back to Cozaar.
I stopped taking Savella during the 2nd week of the titration package.  I didn 't feel any pain relief; maybe if taken longer term I would have.  I experienced many of the side effects others have discussed, including bloating, weight gain, anxiety, and dizziness. I stopped taking Savella because I experienced a severe panic attack followed by weird heart beats, twitching muscles, electricity zaps, and vertigo. This is how a Serotonin Syndrome began for me 1 1/2 months ago for which I was hospitalized. Perhaps I am at greater risk for Serotonin Syndrome, having had it before. Still, I caution you to be careful if you are on other serotonin medicines, and Imitrex. Savella will augment the serotonin effects and may leave you very sick.
I have been using the OTC differin since maybe Feb. It 's been so long. Maybe about 3-4 months. Some spots like around my nose and forehead would get clear for like a day but then I keep having these massive breakouts. Really huge cystic acne on my forehead and the worse around my chin and jawline. It is much worse than when I started using this medication. I have always had hormonal acne. I 'm 34 now. In teen/college years you name it I used it, except accutane. I had clear skin for about 8 months of my life. I was seeing a dermatologist and was on spiro and a retinoid. I moved states and trying to avoid the costly Dr visits but I give up, nothing OTC seems to help. After 3-4 months and now tons of scarring from it, this is back like college
This drug is awful. My Dr. took me off my klonopin because she was worried about addictive behavior.   This drug i only took ! time and will not take again. It made me very dizzy, sick to my stomach, my hear was racing. It basically gave me the worst panic attack I 've ever had. Odd since this is supposed to be for anxiety. I understand the risk with taking benzos but it the only thing that has ever helped me. I would recomend never taking buspar.
Very effective in the purpose. My weight gain since the implant (April 2015) until now which is 6 months later is almost 20 pounds. I like not having cycles and painful cramps. But the weight gain I could not take. Just had it removed yesterday so I can work on getting the weight back off.  Good luck to all that have the implant.
My son experienced adverse reaction the morning after 1st dose (1 spray per nostril ) he complained of headache I thought was just because of his colds, he coughed more frequently and late in the afternoon he has low grade fever then he complained his legs ache, I relate all these with different things like another cold, too much playing , then I read the drug info thats when I had a hunch, so after second spray I observed his reaction on the first 2 hours , then the coughing happened again .I will stop the spray now and find a way to talk to the doctor tomorrow. I gave him Benadryl syrup and nebulize him with salbutamol . His usual treatment during attacks...
Dr advised taking Boniva,,,,,,,,,,I was so happy that there would be a cure so I wouldn 't be bent up like my mother is.However, upon investigation, Boniva works by not letting the dead used up bone from naturally shedding.  See you get good bone around the dead brittle bone......yes you guessed it when you have your scan the density includes this.  Thats why on the leaflet it still warns of brittle bones.I have stopped taking it.I also got pains and all my joints started clicking.....is that normal?
I took Bactrim for a kidney and bladder infection. I used to not have any issues with the medication but now for some reason it makes me so sleepy I 'm sleeping 90% of the time on it. I refuse to take it an more because I need to be able to function and with this med for some reason now I can 't function right.
My dr decided to switch me to this bc just to try a different kind because I had a headache every period. Well took this pill for 4 days. I felt awful. I woke up feeling hungover every morning, headaches, dizziness. Almost fainted at work. So I called my Dr and switched right back to my previous bc. And it 's been over 2 months since this and I 've lost a lot of hair ( and  I mean a lot!!!!!! )
Did not work. I used it a day after I felt a small bump. I bought first thing in the morning, used it accordingly and did not see any quicker than usual improvement. Expensive for a very small bottle. I suppose it it did work for me it would be worth it and I would use it at least 3 cycles. However, it did nothing. My advice let it run its course. I 'm day 12 now and it 's almost gone. Not completely. Highly disappointed with the product.
My 17 month old son gets many ear infections.  After 8 days on this one he had an allergic reaction.  The doctors in ER told us he is allergic to Penicillin.  Also, his ear infection didn 't clear-up with this antibiotic.  Maybe others will have better luck.
I started the meds this morning. Went to gym had a pretty good workout. Felt a little lightheaded this morning while at the gym. Got home started craving water. While traveling this afternoon noticed I was getting very edgy and lot more energy and hungry. BUT I ate at 8am then gym and didn 't eat when I got home so ... I was still wanting water a lot. 5 hours later I was very tired, edgy, and my husband said I was slurring my words. We ate dinner around 6 and I was fine. Not traveling again and it 's 9:20 and I am so sleepy. Better mood per my husband.
After 3 days of 5 mg, I 'd had enough of this RX. Being knocked out during the day for 1-4 hours, but only sleeping in 2 hour increments at night, with violent/disturbing dreams, even waking with auditory hallucinations. The nausea wasn 't extreme, but the overabundance of gas build up was too much for me. My depression only worsened because of the sleep deprivation.
Over the last 6 months since I was diagnosed with UC, I 've tried as much as 4.8g/day of asacol: alone, with prednisone, with imuran, IV steroids and enema cortisol. So far, I 've only had luck with the prednisone. This stuff does not work at all for me
I absolutely do NOT recommend this medication! I tried it to help with some weight loss along with lowering my blood sugar. I only got through 2 doses. I immediately suffered from nausea and headaches the first day. The second night on victoza, I awoke with severe stomach pain and began throwing up. Throughout the next day I felt miserable. Headaches, achy, low energy, and puking everything I tried to put in my body. I ended up in the ER that night dehydrated. Due to the severe stress on my body, I ended up with ketoacidosis. I spent 3 days in the hospital. It was the worst experience I have ever suffered due to a medication. Please do your research before taking this medication.
On my second dose of taking this ...Worst experience ever ...I feel my whole body is swelling and numbness all over my body ...I 'm so dizzy I can 't stand up,diarrhea too...was rushed  to the ER because of this medicine .and they just told me to drink water to flush it out .After  8 hours I feel better I won 't take this medicine again...
Was given compazine for the first time in the ER. It was mixed in a cocktail for my headache. After 3 minutes I started feeling uneasy and I started to have a full in panic attack, I&rsquo;ve never felt that in my life! I ripped my IV out of my arm and started kicking the walls and stomping , they thought I was insane! I told them it was the medicine , they didn&rsquo;t do anything just released me and I felt like my skin was crawling for 3 days. Was the absolute worst experience of my whole life !
I was on 3 different antibiotics none helped to rid the UTI. I was then given bactrim, my second dose I felt so bad I felt like going to the ER. My head hurt day and night, I was nauseous just couldn&rsquo;t function. I called the doctor, he told me to continue taking it, it is a strong medication. He said if I couldn&rsquo;t take the pills he would have to give it with an IV antibiotics. I am being told I have this UTI and it is so bad that&rsquo;s what I have to take. I have no symptoms of a UTI.
I had to go to the ER cuz it was so bad. They gave me cipro and I feel way worse then when I went to emergency. I 've Been taking it two days now and the pain on my right side feels like it 's on fire. I can 't stand up for longer than a few minutes and I 've been throwing up every couple of hours. Antibiotics are supposed to make you better not worse
I went to the doctor about the itching and turns out I had a severe allergic reaction to Brintellix. 103 temp, so I have to wait a week to get the meds out of my system.
I had sex and my partner finished inside of me on 6/6/17 and it was around the time of ovulation. I took aftera within about 24 hours afterwards. On 6/19/17 I started bleeding like a period and thought it was very strange that my period came about a week early. The bleeding was light and I was experiencing some cramping. On 6/25/17 I took a pregnancy test and it came back positive. This was my first experience with taking a morning after pill and getting pregnant. I have taken plan b, and next choice in the past they both worked but Aftera effectiveness varies with each individual and didn 't work for me.
This birth control sucks!! I started taking these pills 10/17 and 11/17 started my period and haven&rsquo;t even started the period pills and my period is still on!! The doctor told me I can skip my period pills for the month and start a new pack. Started period on 11/20/17 and as of today my period is still on.  And my appetite has picked up, which I don&rsquo;t like so I&rsquo;m just going to stop taking them and use condoms for protection!!
I had pneumonia &amp; had been sick for 2 weeks. The Dr. had prescribed another antibiotic &amp; steroids first.  When I wasn 't better, the Dr. prescribed Levaquin. The first day was ok, just really tired. The second day I started having joint pain &amp; my ribs were really hurting (not from coughing)&amp; still really exhausted. By the third day I could barely walk because of my knees being so swollen &amp; painful &amp; hard to breathe because of the rib pain. Called the Dr. &amp; he said to get off of it &amp; come in for blood tests. I have been off of it for almost 2 weeks &amp; still can barely walk &amp; the ribs are still really sore. After reading the rest of the stories, it makes me very angry that this drug and it 's family is still out there to harm people. RIDICULOUS!
5mg dose does nothing for me. This is the second occasion I 've tried it and it 's not working for me.I 'll check with my doctor to see if I need a higher dose. I previously had 10mg of stilnoct a European brand. One of those and I was out ten mins later.
I got mood swings that most of the time is controllable but still I shouldn 't randomly start crying. I have no sex drive. I 'm so irritable. With my period its heavy long and it hurts so bad! I am going to my doctor to get a new pill after the next 2 months that I 've already purchased. Overall the only good thing is that my breasts got slightly bigger.
I was given this for anxiety and wasn 't able to take it longer than week. I had weird dizzy spells after taking a low dose and after about a week the muscles in my face were spasming. This was the first time trying to help my anxiety with medications.
I 've been on different types of medication for pain even Tylenol 3 and that still don 't do anything
Well I figured this stuff would work ... But I decided to research my symptoms from it (which Are even worse burning and itching and swelling now) and I have not only read the funnies things on this website but the most accurate. I never expected this. I hope this is it getting worse BEFORE it gets better. If not I gotta call the doc.
Had no effect on me at all.  I had an average of 3 hours of sleep after using it for a week.
I had this in the hospital after a hysterectomy when I was vomiting from the anesthesia for 3 days afterward. It did absolutely nothing to stop my nausea. I was given it repeatedly even though I told them it was completely ineffective. I had both shots and pills.
A neurologist prescribed carbamazepine for my wife to treat persistent pain in the area of her surgery (brain tumor). She was on this drug for two months and it did not have any affect on her pain. It did almost kill her so BE VERY CAREFUL if you take this drug and have side effects such as low energy, drop in blood pressure, dizzy spells, etc.  This can be a dangerous drug - in our case it depleted sodium levels and my wife almost went into a coma. It is her third day in the hospital after having to call 911 when she collapsed - she is slowly recovering.
I took Viorele for a single month. I have experienced the worst acne I 've had in YEARS, my depression has gotten significantly worse, my blood pressure (which is usually spot on perfect) is frequently high, and my mood swings are horrible.
I just started Protonix 6 days ago.  I feel beat up. Does the Propofol used to do the procedure hang on for this many days?  If it doesn 't , then the Protonix is causing several symptoms|LethargyDizzinessDry mouthAnd last and worst is constant ringing in my ears. It 's getting very annoyingHas anyone else experienced this crazy ear side effect?
Dry mouth
Been on it over a month and have gained weight not lost. So sad bc it has so few side effects compared to the others
Only reason why the Mirena gets a star is because I didn 't get pregnant. Extreme pain on implantation, and I have a high pain tolerance. I experienced extreme dizziness, headaches, mood swings to the point of breaking down once a month, cystic acne, headaches, and extreme bleeding. Constant cervical irritation and bloating with no sex drive. Would never recommend it, even though it did its job. I was convinced it was misplaced based on the horrible constant symptoms. When I went to have it removed the nurse acted as if my symptoms were crazy, she had never heard such a thing and my IUD was placed &quot;beautifully&quot; and tried to convince me to keep it. I could have killed her. Final got it removed and back I 'm back to being a healthy 28yo.
I ran out of acyclovir so thought I 'd try Abreva since I couldn 't get in to see my doctor. Have had cold sores for 20 years and since using Abreva, I have had my worst episode yet. Seems to heal the area, but then the cold sore keeps popping up in new parts of my lips, despite using q-tips and being very careful not to spread it. Have had this for 10 days now and am frustrated. Not sure why this is happening but I 'm going back to my doctor to get a prescription for acyclovir cream.
I only took it once but that one time was enough to leave it. I took a 50mg pill and felt really foggy headed and really down. My depression got really worst and I slept all day.  I really wouldn 't promote this drug, I find meditating 10 times more useful than this drug.
Doesn 't help cough at all...threw em away
Gave no relief what 's so ever, pain level stayed a 9 the whole month on the patch
I had a scary adverse reaction with Ativan. I was given 1 mg in the hospital orally for the very bad anxiety I was having. About an hour and a half later I began getting the most strangest, scariest hallucinations. Both visual and sensory. I don 't know if this was an allergic reaction but I never had this problem with any other benzodiazepine. Please be cautious with Ativan in particular, because it altered the functioning of my brain (it wore off the next day).
I 'm a teenager with a family history of endometriosis, and has had severe problems with my menstrual cycle. I have gone through many birth controls to find Yaz being the best at controlling all of my symptoms, as well as being an effective birth control. I have been on Yaz for two years, and just this summer, I was switched to Gianvi. My body is very touchy and picky about pills and did not react to Gianvi well, even though it was a switch that shouldn 't have made a difference. It did not control my previous menstrual symptoms. I found out I had gotten pregnant, even with other contraceptives, and just went through a horrible miscarriage. If any other women out there have problems, I would recommend switching back to Yaz just from experience
Started off on this drug August 2 of this year at 100mg. Within 10 days was being treated for severe dehydration. Increased fluid intake and dosage was upped to 300mg. Now in October, glucose numbers are down to normal, have lost 38 lbs, but side effects are unbearable. Severe itching, leg and hand cramps all night long and yeast infections are too frequent. Tired all the time. I agree it works, but at what cost?? Miserable diabetic!! I 'm not going to take it anymore. I 'm done fighting!!
I was prescribed this medication to treat nausea and vomiting. The 1st day I put the patch on as directed. For an hour after I felt light-headed then side effects went away. 2nd day I noticed dryness in throat/eyes/nose, however, I was finally able to hold down liquids but not food. 3rd day when removed (same time I put it on) I noticed a whelp where the patch was. Stopped use. 4th day, woke up to find the white of my eyes were red, pupils dilated, painful, and blurred vision. Contacted Dr. who confirmed it was a side effect to stop use. 
My Doctor is bad and suggested this medicine. I 've tried lots of different ones nothing has helped in 10 yrs. She stated it would help my pain , hot flashes and menopause. I came home took a 37.5  mg at 8pm and by 11 pm I was sick -  my stomach hurt so bad  I vomited and  I was hot / cold , my pupils were dilated ,  I could not control my emotions or my stomach , I threw up againe.  I 've been a nervous wreak for 36 hrs.  I woke up with a terrible  right side headache, muscle ache in my jaw or my right eye, feeling sick to my stomach.  I only took 1 pill its the worst medication , ever , I 've been on lots of meds , but nothing has ever done this. I do not recommend this pill to anyone.  I 'm just trying to get it out of my system , please read all reviews before you try it.
Took 200mg four x/day for 7 days. Cellulitis was still very pink and ozing. Now trying doxycyline for 10 days.
I am had unprotected sex on September 16. I took the plan b pill within 24 hours and had no side effects. Turns out that the pill didn 't work and I am now 6 weeks pregant! This pill does not work 100%! If you are not experiencing any side effects from the pill, odds are it didn 't work on you.
I have taken and tried many different types of birth control pills and Mononessa had been the absolute worst experience of my life. 1mg of mononess and three days of taking it made me cramp daily and painfully. I thought it would get better but my symptoms contributed to get worse as my period got closer. It got to the point where I could hardly sit up right. A month into it and on my period I had to take days off work because the cramping was distracting and unbearable. It lightened my period but I would rather have a heavy flow than be in that much pain ever again. I recommend Levora for you ladies. Do not go through what I went through. Good luck.
I thought I take this med and have fun my wife, as we did when we first met.  Maybe my problem is the antidepressant and high blood pressure medicine I take. I lost 100 pounds in the last two years and then I was very active.
This stuff is pure poison plain and simple and anybody trying to portray this as a &quot;medication&quot; should be jailed. I hadn 't been to a doctor in 44 years when the V.A. insisted that my BP was so high they couldn 't put me into their database unless I took a BP &quot;medication. Day one, &quot;immediately&quot; I fell off a cliff with side effects that were the same as daily doses of deadly &quot;poisons&quot;. The &quot;doctor&quot;,HA! says &quot;keep taking it you 'll get used to it. 10 weeks go by and, I continue to complain  and the doctor continues to say &quot;keep taking it you 'll get used to it! Well, in 10 weeks I lost 32lbs. of solid muscle, I also had every side effect that the &quot;hidden literature&quot; listed that no-one bothered to tell me about !
Everyone is different but Kapidex does nothing for me. I was on 60 mg for 2 weeks and am now on 120 mg. No side effects but then it doesn 't help either. I had the same experience with Prevacid so it probably should be expected. I hope it works for you but I would ask for samples before spending a lot of money on something that may not work.
I was prescribed this for migranes/constant headaches. It made me very sleepy and didn 't seem to help at all with the headaches. I 'm a 24 year old female.
I 've had psoriasis for 15 years and I used the taclonex ointment for a couple of years before going on biologics. Last month I had a flare up while on Stelara and my derm told me taclonex had been reformulated into a suspension and he wanted me to try it and gave me a coupon for $0 copay. Yay! I take the RX to be filled and find out that my insurance will not cover it and the coupon pays up to $300 my portion was $1433. The ointment worked well for me, so I just knew the reformulated version would work wonders. I used the suspension 2x/day for a month. This medication was extremely greasy, ruined my sheets and my clothes and actually made my psoriasis worse. I would NOT recommend this product. Try clobetasol instead.
Rythmol caused my blood pressure and pulse to drop dangerously low. I was admitted in hospital for two days. 
32. F. After a couple of years refusing medication, adjusting to an interstate shift proved more difficult than planned, so about a month ago, decided to give these a try at the suggestion of my Dr. Took the first one in the evening after dinner as directed. By 10pm I was feeling achey, cold sweats, couldn 't keep my legs still in bed and nauseas as hell. Within another 25 minutes the nausea turned into violent vomiting. And incredibly restless nights sleep. Dr said to stop immediately. I 've not attempted another type again since, and don 't think I intend to.
Does not help dry eye - which is severe. Restasis did not either - but did not hurt as much on application.  Vial very hard for old hands to  squeeze so have to hold it with opening facing down and give quick jerk to get a drop out and often a drop gets wasted. You are way too stingy with amount of medicine inside vial and should use better quality plastic.I hoped so much that this xidra would help, have given it many chances when eyes extra bad, no improvement noticed.  Probably will not  try  again - was given first month free.Thankyou. Delivery needs to be made user friendly.
I have ankylosing spondylitis.  Very painful.  Started taking baclofen  five days ago.  NO relief!  Too early for good results?  Excruciating pain!  Where to get relief?
My acne got so bad and my skin even started peeling.  Its caused so many problems and after trying this for 2 months and reading all these (mostly negative) reviews, today is my last day taking this pill. 
Made me bleed more heavily, horrific cramping.
have had many colonoscopies. moviprep doesn 't work well enough on me, previous 4 litre stuff worked very well. Repeating scope 8 months later. Moviprep AGAIN, doctor suggesting 2 extra days of liquid diet...blech!
Well I wish I had read these reviews before trying this new birth control. My doctor recommended it to minimize side effects associated with other pills. I got pregnant within months of switching. My doctor said it was because I must 've taken a dose at the wrong time. True, I didn 't realize there was only a three hour window. This is different than every other type of birth control pill!!!! And this important difference is not highlighted in patient training in my experience. Now I 've taken the pill religiously for last two months, and I just found out I am pregnant again! I am devastated. This birth-control is not effective. Beware. Please note that I took Ocella and Ortho Tri-Cyclen for over 22 years before making the switch. I never had any problems. Do not trust this pill!
This is an ungodly expensive worthless medicine ( $2,000 a month) which gave me head splitting headaches (never had any before using this terrible drug)- As soon as I stopped it, the head pain went away-- I suspect my podiatrist is getting kickbacks.  He couldn 't wait to get me on this junk &amp; they even immediately mailed it to my house with no co pay... It has a dismally low l cure rate &amp; I cannot understand why this nasty ineffective drug got FDA approval--
I did not see any positive results with this medication. I am still on this medication.Within the first 2 and 1/2 months I gained 20 lbs. I am not very happy.
I switched from Tri-Sprintec to Microgestin Fe. I tried Microgestin Fe for two months and I actually felt suicidal. I didn 't feel that way with Tri-Sprintec at all so I switched back. Also my headaches seemed to last longer with this one. Extremely undesirable side effects.
This was not right for me. I had a severe reaction while taking this and had to go to the emergency room. Racing/irregular heartbeat, nausea, shaky, legs felt weird, red blotches, slurring speech, red eyes, feverish and generally felt very unwell. 
This drug is going on my &quot;Do Not Prescribe&quot; list.  After a day and a half on it, the fatigue was so bad I could barely function.  No one claimed to know anything about this side effect, but when I looked it up I kept seeing it happening to users again and again.  It helped my UTI, but I couldn 't get off the couch.  I phoned my doctor and was switched to Cipro.  After skipping my evening dose of Macrobid and taking Cipro instead, I felt almost normal the next day.  Be very, very cautious about using this drug.
Started with 30mg plus Ativan (lorazepam) 1-2mg/day for anxiety/depression.  OK.  Then, up to 45.  Too strong, down to 30.  Later back to 45, then 60.  Lots and lots of side effects--ear pain, weird nerve pains, mania, then urinary retention which is VERY serious. Kept trying it too long, 7 weeks.  Then switched to Venlafaxine ER which is much more tolerable.
Had a severe UTI that wouldn 't clear up on it 's own so I had a doctor that called in Bactrim. Within 15 minutes of taking it I had severe flu-like symptoms. It is now 3 years later ... I can only eat about 10 different foods due to intolerances and severe allergies to most anything. I cannot tolerate chemicals or outside allergens either. I basically live in a bubble- of pain, fatigue and misery. When people ask what happened to me, all I can say is, I don 't know, I took Bactrim and it ruined my immune system. Did the Bactrim clear up the infection? Yep... sure did.
i hate this birth control. I have had it for 2 years and its been 2 crazy years dealing with the side effects. im going to remove it I made my appointment and its coming out. I wouldn 't recommend it even though it does help with not getting pregnant but dealing with the side effects is the worse part. I would bleed for like 2 weeks straight and I wont for a week and the bleeding will start again. I have had breast pain, acne, etc. things that I never experienced with other birth controls. Not satisfied at all with this birth control.
I was diagnosed with arthritis all over my body through a bone scan...first I was given mobic...made me sick throw up etc. And made pain worse. Rheumatologist then put me on feldene (piroxicam) and it helped a lot they pain was almost gone and I could walk and drive again. My insurance stopped covering it so I was switched to sulindac and I started to take it 4 days ago. I am back to zero! Completely inflamed in severe pain it also gives me bad migraines makes me sleepy and my stomach hurts. I don 't know what to do! I need to go back to the rheumatologist and try something else yet again! Why do insurance companies stop covering medications that help their patients!! This is so frustrating!
i never knew what it meant to be manic until i started taking Zoloft.  My OCD got worse and I was so jittery, yet felt so high on life nothing could stop me.
I was on the shot at 19 for about 2 yrs then went back to pills. I decided 6 months ago to go back to the depo, I had no bad side effects at 19. Now 24 the side effects of this shot are terrible. My anxiety has worsened, I 'm depressed but the over all worst is the acne! Cyst acne on my neck and chin. I 've never had acne not even as a teen. It 's awful. It 's gotten much worse. I spent 80$ on acne meds!!! Not to mention it has know estrogen in it! I 'm due in 2 months for my next shot. Defiantly not getting it again! Going back to pills to hopefully get back to my normal self and skin!!!!
Very difficult to stop taking it
I started Stelara Sept 2014.  By January 2015, psoriasis are worse than they have ever been.  I even have patches on my face!  I 've suffered with psoriasis for 30 years.
Had bad reaction all the way. Within 15 minutes of taking, experienced shortness of breath, dizziness, diarrhea, throwing up, shakiness, full blown rash/hives, cold/chills, confusion, slurred speech, rapid heart rate, ringing in the ears, extreme tiredness.
had my first injection today. had problems for years. 2 meniscuis surgerys and  many cortisone shots. knee keeps getting fluid and have been getting it removed and cortisone inj. hasnt been lasting long. i have another torn meniscuis and osteoarthritis. i have little pain with fluid removal and cortisone inj. my first euflexxa inj. today was so painful that i cant go back. level 10 pain for about 30 seconds!  also it was done by the same dr. that gave me painless cortisone! i was told to do normal activity and no mention of icing? it was my first and last one
I was prescribed Nora b after being off of birth control for 15yrs.... I always had normal periods on time to a tee now I am getting my period for 9 days.... I 'm stopping this med right away....especially after reading all those reviews on in between period bleeding
I was recently diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease. I was started on Mirapex, after 3 weeks of therapy I had to stop due to severe side effects: auditive hallucinations, nausea, peripheral edema, muscle pain, vivid dreams and the worst, difficulty sleeping having the need to get up and move constantly.I 'm sure that this is a very good medication but I couldn 't tolerate the side effects
I have had nexplanon twice. The first 2 1/2 years were great. I never had a period or any other side effects. When it came time to get a new one put in, I bled for months at a time. So, I got a new one put in and it effected me completely different than the first time. I bled constantly for months at a time. I had horrible anxiety and mood swings. For example, I would freak out on my boyfriend when he wasn 't even doing anything. I didn 't feel like myself. I actually had to get on antidepressants. I finally got it taken out of my arm yesterday after this went on for 6 months. I just don 't understand why the first time I had it was so great and the second time was terrible. Nexplanon definitely can cause terrible freak outs and constant bleed
I have severe, chronic sciatica.  Aspirin does next to nothing for the pain.  Naproxen or ibuprofen are far superior.
Have been losartan for a couple of months not good. Blood pressure went  up  and terrible side effects.  I received meds from vet administration.  They  seem to want to keep you medicated all the time. I have,stopped taking it. I am waiting on an appt,with a civilian doc who will listen to me about these side effects and give me,something my body can tolerate.
I was admitted to the hospital with a severe headache and stiff neck. I was given Demerol on one occasion it didn 't really help, And upon my next visit for the same headache 3 and a half weeks later I was given Tordol for my pain and Zofran for nausea...It sure didn 't help. So I was put into a room where I asked for some pain medication and the nurse told me I could get Nubain for my pain. I had never had it before to the best of my knowledge..But get this.. The doctor that admitted me saw in my chart that I had taken Methadone in the past..He asked me DO YOU STILL TAKE METHADONE?? I SAID YES EVERY DAY. The nurse gave me the Nubain and I had instant withdrawals. One week later I 'm still sick with a headache.
I have had a terrible experience with Gianvi. I have never had problems or side effects with any other birth control before. Gianvi gave me severe migraines. The migraines would be so bad I would stay in bed for days. Gianvi also messed with my vision. After taking it I started having blurry vision. It also caused me to have mood swings. I cried over anything, including commercials on T.V. After finally realizing it was Gianvi causing all of my problems my husband and I decided it was best for me to stop taking it. Best luck to any one who takes this.
I have been on this medicine for almost two weeks. Has helped my mood and curbed my cravings and eat almost nothing and have NOT LOST ONE SINGLE POUND!!! I can 't tell you how disappointed I am....and for what I paid for it!!!! This is a total rip off.
I have been on the NuvaRing for a little over 3 months (because my doctor made me see if it would get better although I tried to change to something else less than a month in). I have gained 15 pounds, lost my sex drive, and have been extremely Moody and unable to feel like myself. However I would have to say the worst side effect is the Breast tenderness. I have been on many different birth controls and this one has more unpleasant side effects than any other birth control.
I recently tried Ultra Strength Bengay, and found it to be a poor quality, worthless, useless, rip off of a product that did nothing. I might as well have used water. It did not heat up, and I could not even tell that I had applied it, although I know of course that I did.
Went to the Emergency Room with lower left back pain and numbness in left leg.   The doctor prescribed Vicodin and Valium when didn 't eliminate the pain, but helped manage until I saw my GP.   She conducted no exam and decided to discontinue the Vicodin and Valium and put me on Methocarbamol and recommended physical therapy.   Needless to say it was back to the emergency room that night and I 'm now looking for a new GP.   Only made things worse - she was an idiot.
I was prescribed Creon for EPI.   While on this medication I experienced very little, if any, relief from my symptoms.  The side effect were horrendous - headache, hot flashes, coughing,  memory issues (straining to remember words) and joint pain in my upper leg and tail bone.  Within 24 hours of stopping the medication ALL side effects disappeared.
Tried this medication twice hoping it would help. Could not take the side effects; frequent urination, anxiety, depression, swollen glands, chest congestion, sweating and chills, and acne. Gave it 1 month and had to stop once realized the connection to my unusual symptoms and the medications side effects
I will NEVER take this again. I just started taking it and everything was fine and I loved it. I got to about halfway through my second month and all hell broke loose. I had the WORST period I had ever had. I never had cramps or heavy needing until this pill. I continuously had blood clots and wouldn 't stop bleeding for over a month. I kept taking it until my 3rd month and after that it still continued. No stopping. So I stopped taking it and then had an even worse period and had to go to the doctor due to bleeding a way abnormal amount. NEVER again.
I had the implanon for three years and it did the job well. Didnt get pregnant and had barely any side effects. Since getting the nexplanon.. never again. After few months constant bleeding lasting more than a month at times. Irregular bleedimg and spotting. Constant headaches effecting work and stopping me getting enough sleep. The GP advised i keep taking paracetomol ... not helpful. I didnt get acne but never have suffered with  it. However, the mood swings are out of control and i can feel myself getting angry over nothing at times. I have had episodes of depression and crying and i am usually a very happy person. This implant messes with the body.
I have been dignosed with Hypothyroidism since 2010, my weight has never changed. I 've been taking this medicine and no difference in 5 years. I spoke with my doctor and she tells me to continue to take it and referred me to a lady to do the HCG which cost too much money for me to do. Instead of her looking more into my condition and trying another medication. I have scheduled an appointment with another doctor to get help.
I switched from Yaz (I was on it for 2 years) to Tri-Sprintec this month because of all the warnings. I think I would have rather suffered the blood clots and heart attacks than gone on this if I knew what was going to happen! About a week in I started getting really REALLY bad acne (just in time for spring semester!) like worse than I 've ever had. And not just on my face, on my back and chest too, which hasn 't happened since middle school. I 've gained a lot of weight in the worst places even though I 've been going to the gym more and eating better and I SWEAR my breast size has actually gone down. I feel so unattractive I don 't even want my boyfriend to touch me. 
I was on loestrin for about 5 years until I decided to take a break and get off the pill. Although my skin was clear and it was effective at basically eliminating my period and most cramping, DO NOT TAKE THIS PILL. It gave me horrible mood swings, anxiety and made me irrational, unreasonable and angry (basically insane) - which I didn 't realize until I stopped taking it. I honestly thought I was just me until I got off and felt much more like myself. I 've been happy and upbeat ever since.
Probably the worse drug ever made. No help at all from panic attacks or anxiety. Tried the drug for months and all I got from it was vertigo.
My experience was horrible. I had to stop because all the side effects became too much for me and it was affecting my every day work. As soon as I started taking this, I began getting headaches, nausea, dizziness and my skin completely broke out. I have had good skin my whole life and my face completely broke out. Also, my hair started falling out uncontrollably. I was afraid to even run my hand through my hair. I stopped taking this when these side effects became unbearable and my lips even broke out. I began getting a lip rash and getting bumps all over my lips. The doctor said it was one of the side effects, in addition to my face breaking out. I was also crying all the time and overly emotional. The side effects were too much to handle
I have been on Femara for 9 months.  First few months were tolerable, as time progresses, I am miserable.  In beginning, I experienced nausea and diarrhea.  As this went away, the bone and joint pain began.  I would be awakened from my sleep in tears, as my hips would ache just from lying in bed.  My hands/fingers hurt to make a fist, or do any type of extended writing.  My knees ache horribly.  When I get out of bed in the morning, I need to stand still for at least 2 or 3 minutes until I can get my legs to work.  Same thing when sitting for any length of time.  I am 45 and feel like I am 85.  
Agonizing bloating and cramping after the first dose. Couldn 't straighten enough to walk at some points. Didn 't take second dose, couldn 't face the thought of it. Headache.
Hello everyone, I got my explanon on 7/27/15. Almost a year. I thought it be amazing to get. But now I 'm getting g this thing removed. I have really bad mood swings. This thing has made me gain weight. I haven 't really changed my diet. I feel like this thing makes you go insane. Your like bi polar on it, but your not. I can 't even. Stand myself. I 'm making my husband upset the way I act. This explanon is not something anyone show up In there body. It put to much hormones in your body. That 's why it causes emotional imbalance.
I took this for a chlamydia infection after my first, and stupidly, unprotected encounter in 6 years. I had very mild itching and irritation in the urethra, and after my test came back positive, my doctor prescribed me 1000mg of powder, which I took as directed. Everything got better but a month later, the irritation came back, but more  mild than the first time.  I waited a week just to make sure it wasn 't just me being paranoid, and tested positive AGAIN.I just took my second 1000mg powder dose with water, as directed. Getting a little concerned now.I suffer from IBS and normally have stomach cramping and diarrhea, so I don 't know if I 'll notice the side effects.
My first injection of Enbrel caused me more pain and stiffness then I had before I used the medicine. The right side of my body and my hands hurt so much... happens to be the side I injected. NO way is this for me, it made my skin red and so painful, my joints are stiff and I have so much more pain. My scalp is much more itchy. Also gave me chills and made me feel like I had the flu. I wish I could fine something to stop the pain and my joints from getting deformed.
I started nuvaring on 5/15/2016 and took it out 5/28/2016. I am 38 and have 3 children. I felt so depressed, emotional and aggravated for the past week. I am extremely tired, headache, and just feel off. I 'm nauseous and hungry at the same time. I don 't know if it 's in my head or my body needs to adjust but I am scared of going forward or symptoms worsening. What really made me nervous was my eyes felt like I had a fog over them, I took it out and flushed it down the toilet. 30 mins later my eyes were clear again. Maybe I was being paranoid I don 't know but that wasn 't for me. I 'm getting my tubes tied.
I am 20 years old, and this is the first BC i have been on. I started this pill to regulate my period, my Gyno said it would help and this pill has minimum side effects. I started this pill the second day of my period because it was a sunday (that 's what my gyno told me to do) Any way i have been on it for a month now and i am still bleeding every day like i am on my second day of my period (which is my heaviest day). I have very bad crampscramps, loss of appetite, and lowered my sex drive tremendously. I am married, so that is a very inconvenient. I honestly hate this pill because when i called my gyno, they said give it 3 months and thats its normal, which i dont believe.
They don 't work.  Why do they still make it? I wound up back in the ER and a nurse tells me that it never worked for her and she 's never heard anyone say it had worked for them.
Prescribed for sleep but didn 't work. Only sleepy during the day!
terrible depression, mood swings, not helping tremors seems same as before I was taking them, might ask doctor to stop giving it one more week, I have been taking for 6 weeks
I would not recommend this pill for anyone, not any progesterone only pill. Bloating that makes me look 3 months pregnant, constipation, 50 pounds of weight gain in under 2 years that won 't exercise off, skin feeling too tight all the time, headaches, fatigue, appetite is weird, constipation and diahhrea, mood swings, hot and cold flashes, and a never ending period. Medical staff all say it 's normal and can 't be the pill...so it 's all in my head. I stopped this pill 2 nights ago and lost a third of my stomach as the bloating is decreasing.Stay away from these pills!
I have really bad leg cramps and I start peeing and cant stop. my wetting problem is twice as bad as it was before taking it
I was given Zofran after having my gallbladder removed. The nausea wasn 't from the procedure, but came on when I was finally able to eat and the broth soup was placed in front of me. For at least a month prior I 'd been getting nauseous just from seeing food no matter how hungry I was (and after fasting for surgery I was absolutely starving!) I was given Zofran in my IV and it did absolutely nothing. My surgeon then gave me a prescription for the pill form, but again, it did nothing to help my nausea.
I had the Implanon for three years. Never really noticed anything crazy except for the first and final month of having it. I had the usual nausea and dizziness. Exactly what the doctor told me to expect.Any medicine you take will have side effects &amp; sometimes you have to pick and choose your battles. I got a new one put it that same day I got the old one removed .I am now approaching year 2 of this one &amp; I am having it removed tomorrow morning. For the last year I have had on &amp; off nausea, headaches, moody, anxious. I am praying that once this things gets taken out I will be me again. My demeanor has been crappy the last year. Headaches &amp; nausea prevent you from living your life to the fullest. Absolutely do not recommend Nexplanon.
I 've had normal bm for all of my life (34) until recently with a 2 week bout of constipation. I 've been popping out number 1 's on the bristol scale bidaily. Tried a little mineral oil, olive oil, mass hydration, stool softeners, and a change of diet. No change. Frustrated i was told &quot;dulcolax was where it was at, just take 2 and you 'll have the best poop of your life&quot;. This was so far from the truth. I 'm on my second day of missed work of a 3 day ordeal. My insides feel like they have been detached. I can feel the entirety of my large intestine from tip to tail. Car rides and seat belts, laughing, sneezing, sudden movements in general reverberate pain through my colon. This is all after that nightmare of a night described by others here.
since my new gastro couldn 't be bothered to actually think about what might be wrong with me, she threw two weeks of Xifaxan at me, because, hey, if you can 't figure out what a patient has, they must have IBS.  my stomach is now so hard and bloated I can 't wear my clothes, I can 't sleep form the pain, I 'm constipated (first time in my life!) and now, from the huge bloated stomach, which never goes down, really, it just goes from horrible to 9 months pregnant,  I am having problems with sleep apnea.  it 's a nightmare.DO NOT LET YOUR DOCTOR GIVE YOU THIS DRUG IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THE SYMPTOMS THAT THIS DRUG IS FOR.  do the research on line.  protect yourself.  do not trust your doctor.  i did.  what a mistake.
I have given this through IV at the hospital for migraine without being warned of side effects. Within 15 minutes my entire body felt like it was on fire and I felt unbearably agitated and insane. I was writhing in the bed and gripping at my face and they told me it would pass.  It took a benadryl and about 45 minutes to calm down. Reglan was probably the scariest experience of my life.
I have the same situation as what was described by momto3b2g. Basically started from week 7: spotting to pantyliner to regular pad (week 11). When you read the forum, the &quot;endless period&quot; problem was brought up quite often,  but was never mentioned as the possible &quot;side effects&quot;.
This is the most horrible thing I 've ever tried to get down!! It works really well if you can actually bring yourself to swallow it. There has to be something that 's not this horrific!
This actually elevated my blood pressure dramatically and induced tachycardia and also gave me terrible headaches and nasal congestion.  *Same as another user above.  How odd.
Suicidal Thoughts, Mood irritability, lots of mental side effects. 
I 've had a horrible experience with this birth control. It was my first time going on birth control so my doctor recommended gildess. I gained over 20 pounds in 5 months. I had a decrease in sex drive. I also had horrible mood swings, not just while I was pms 'ing but all the time. I actually just stopped taking birth control because I hated the way it made me feel. If anyone has any recommendations for me that will make me feel a little better, I would appreciate it. this was the worst birth control though.
This is day two for me taking the medicine, and already my face has broke, I 'm very tired, and I feel anxious at times and like crying at others. I don 't like it. I 'm going back to latunda
Had either a urinary infection or intestinal. New to macrobid, in one day after taking the medicine I ran a 104.7 fever, was nauseous and hurt all over. Ran a fever off and on till I got off the med and started cipro.  Began noticing fatigue, brain fog and constant headaches. 10 weeks later I 've been diagnosed with hypoxmia and am starting night time oxygen therapy. Already have RA, Sjogrens and Sarcoidosis, didn 't need this drug complicating my life. Macrobid should be taken off the market!!!
Was taken off ambien and put on silenor. Three times the cost and does not help in the least.
Laid in bed for 2 days using this and nothing.  Wasted those 2 days I could have been out walking to prep naturally than this.  The range of effectiveness is ALL over the board. Did they even prepare a trail before marketing?
I am a 47 year old woman and for the last few weeks have suffered asthma-like symptoms, common when I have a cold. The doctor prescribed this as I wasn 't getting better only using the inhaler. I took first dose at night, the next this morning and I have had diarrhea all day. Apparently stomach problems can be a side effect. While I know some medications have side effects when first starting, this is not tolerable. I will not continue and will see an allergist for possible other solutions. I am sure it is the advair.
I would never use this again!!!! If you already have a bit of anxiety without it do not get it! I had it in for a year and suffered from more severe depression and anxiety than ever before. I got it removed two weeks ago and my anxiety has literally decreased so much.
Chose Skyla over Mirena because less hormones and smaller in size. Insertion hurt soooooo badly, and I 'm not sure having the IUD is worth it anymore. I 've been on my  'period ' for 3 weeks now, bleeding nonstop. Ever since I 've had the iud inserted, my periods have become so irregular and long. In terms of birth control, it is effective. But nonstop bleeding isn 't worth it.
Okay, I had this thing put in my arm 9 months ago. I 've also had a very very heavy period for 9 months. After 5 months of non-stop bleeding, I asked my doctor to take it out. She refused and put me on estrogen pills. 4 months later and I 'm still bleeding. I have no energy, depressed, I can 't lose weight at all even when working out &amp; eating healthy. Horrible, horrible experience.
Prescribed Levaquin for 5 days. 5 to 10 days after completing medication, which killed the pneumonia, I started to have joint pain. Now, over two months after taking this medication I am pretty much disabled. I have what is now called Fluoroquinolone induced tendonapathy in my shoulders, elbows, wrists, hips, knees and ankles. I also suffer from neurological changes that effect my sense of touch and I feel like I am suffering from mild electric shocks all over my body. I wish I would not have been given this antibiotic. It has slowly destroyed my quality of life.
Was on Coumadin for 4 years.  Walked away due to headaches daily.  Got another clot.  It may have been worth the couple months of no headaches, no fussy head, no feeling stupid, loosing my sight (which is old age, but still the timing), but the anxiety of knowing my body will clot along with a new clot put me back on Coumadin.  Finally got the news about Xarelto.  Life changing to say the least.  No way to reverse dose, I take the risk for a better life.  Besides the half life is only 5 to 9 hours for under 45 yr old and 11 to 13 hours for older.  Take it with dinner and you are sleeping that whole time.
Started Week 4 : 2 pills am/2 pills pmSevere Thyriod, Autoimmune and Hashimotos. -5 '9 | 183 | BMI 27-Plant Protein shake, two salads with protein daily, and with healthy snacks in between-Still hungry after meals-No weight loss in three weeks-Food and sugar cravings VERY present -Alcohol cravings present -Dry mouth -Odd after taste through the day -Severe nausea, bloating and cramping -Constipation -Trouble falling asleep and then not getting quality sleep  I plan to stick this out 8 weeks, then I 'm out.
The potential side effect list became my life.  I got everything, the extreme sweating,  nausea,  dry mouth,  constipation... all of it.  Had to stop going to my daily kickboxing classes completely because I 'd get dizzy and throw up every five minutes until I stopped working out.  I had to plan taking it around being able to spend two hours in bed not moving in air conditioning just to keep it down.  Saw 0 effect on mood, I was switched to a new one yesterday and hopefully life gets better.
I was given Mirtazapine as an add on to my treatment with Zoloft for major depression and anxiety. Made me extremely tired to the point where I almost couldn 't form a sentence and didn 't care about anything but sleeping (and eating). It did help a little with the anxiety, but not at all with the depression, it made it worse since I had no energy whatsoever.
My husband was diagnosed with MDS, no symptoms. He worked out at gym 5 days a week, had just retired, was enjoying life. At Dr 's urging, he started on Vidazia. This was supposed to prevent MDS from going into leukemia and buy time to prepare for bone marrow transplant. He took daily treatments for 5 days, was sick with flulike symptoms, then had breathing complications. The following week, he is in excruiating pain, was hospitalized in ICU FOR 2 weeks, died a horrible death. Pain that no amount of pain meds would control. His last 2 days were in Hospice, so that he could receive the highest doses of narcotics, that can only be administered at end of life. Death certificate read &quot; multi organ failure &quot;.  Vidazia destroyed his internal organs
I started sleep walking on this medicine. My wife found me sitting on the kitchen floor with a bottle of her red wine and I 'm told that I asked her if we were in San Francisco Or San Jose. This stopped my 28 years plus of continued sobriety. I was rushed to the hospital by ambulance they thought I might of had a stroke. I didn 't. It was an Ambien blackout. I have a very close friend here in San Jose who owns a Recovery home. He told me that his place is filling up with people being pulled over driving around town in their Pajamas while thinking they are home in bed. Ambien might be great for some people, but for folks like me it has evil effects. Please be careful people.
Experienced many side effects, blood sugar was higher than before I was placed on Actos.  My doctor took me off of it immediately.  After she did, I felt great.
Don 't waste your money....Its all in your head. You think it is working, but it is your mind playing tricks
Waste of money. Helped my headache but its not like I needed to pay 10$ for 20 bloody Ibuprofens... had plenty at home already. I usually take a single cold pill and I 'm good for half a day with barely ever having to blow my nose, and can sleep a full night without a problem. With this stuff however, I took 6 today and I kept blowing my nose ever 1-2 mins regardless. Wasted my money and now I can 't get any sleep at all because of the constant cough and runny nose.
Please please please.......If your doctor suggests this drug to you, do your research. I am 18 and just put full trust in my doctor when she told me to take it. 7 months later and I wish I never ever took it. I usually take my 150mg dose when I wake up in the morning and now I cannot even go until 11 pm at night if I forget to take it without having withdrawals. I experience nausea and feel uneasy on my feet as well as shakiness. It is ridiculous and  I write this to stress that this is not a light topic. BE CAREFUL!!!!!
I was given this Horrific medication as my provider thought I had pneumonia and after taking it for 8 days, I could hardly walk and my knees were stiff and I could not get up or put any weight on my legs. My hands were swollen and I could not make a fist or open my water bottle. This Drug should be taken off the market immediately!!!! How can a physician in good conscience prescribe this medication to anyone? I just hope that I am not a permanently crippled by this medication. My chest X-ray came back negative to I did not even need an antibiotic and just needed a cough medicine and Mucinex to clear up my cough. The one time I did not have time to read the drug information because I was moving and my doctor decides to prescribe me this!!!
Within 8 hours, I was experiencing severe chest pain and shortness of breath.  I ended up in ER with all the symptoms of a heart attack.  After 7 hours of tests, it was determined that Macrobid caused an extreme allergic reaction.  I 've never been allergic to anything in my life, and I 'm 53.
I gave it the benefit of the doubt and had 2 sessions worth of it..... it did prevent any pregnancies but at the risk of never bleeding. I don 't know about yall but it scared the crap out of me! My sex drive vanished once I got on it. 10-20 lbs of weight was gained over the course of 4 1/2 years. finally got it out and still not bleeding.....not sure what all it screwed up...... good luck ladies!
Took first pill and became very sick. Sleep disturbance, ill stomach, chemical taste
I had a bad, bad tooth infection and needed a root canal. Dentist gave me clindomyacin ...400 mg 4 times per day for 2 weeks! Then after the root canal he wanted me to take another round of it! But the second time I took 1-2 days worth and said, &quot;That 's enough. No more. I 'm rollin ' the dice on this one.&quot; It tore up my stomach. It 's two months later now and having to have an endoscopy to see what damage it has done. I was doing real good before taking the Clindomyacin. Never again! It 's on my &quot;do not ever take list.&quot;  If I had it to do over again, knowing what I know now, I truly would have just had the tooth pulled. My stomach has not been the same since. Also had explosive bowel problems with it, going 4-5 times per day!
Paraguard caused my periods to literally double, to the point that I became anemic and had it removed (almost 1 year), plus I have a sister who managed to get pregnant on it...twice! First miscarried, second it her youngest son :/
Extremely drowsy, no difference in pain
I have had three back surgeries the latest was back fusion I now suffer from nerve pain especially in my right thigh and knee At times I can hardly walk due to the pain and weakness in my leg Xrays and MRI show the fusion is in the correct position but the Specialist have said I may always have this nerve pain They prescribed Cymbalta  and oh what a calamity I only took this medication for 3 days and that was 3 too many I was not warned about possible side effects these are numerous Massive increase in painMassive increase in weakness in the leg (had to use a walker)Chest painHeadaches NauseaStomach painMood swings like anger suicidal thoughts NightmaresHot and cold flushes Sweating for no reasonlist goes on
I 'm 29, female, was on Celexa before. On 50mg of medicine for past 2 weeks. Killed my sex drive stone cold-just gone! Palpitations like crazy. Extreme nausea and dizziness. Sweating through my clothes...under arms, chest, back, groin, everywhere! My whole body is very tense and my TMJ is flaring like crazy. Feel like a sweaty zombie with palpitations and zero sex drive. Trying to stick with it. 
I had this birth control in for 2 years and have had it removed. The only benefit was the fact that I didn 't have to take the pill every day. I spotted all the time on this and got really random heavy periods. The side effects were unbearable (they creep up on you)! I didn 't notice any major problems at first, but by year two I thought there was something medically wrong with me (I have been seeing a specialist, my normal Dr. couldn 't figure out what was wrong with me) I had really emotional PMS, the sharpest worst cramps (I could feel the Mirena poking me for the inside) and no sex drive at all. I had difficulty focusing, was tired ALL the time, super sore body and I gained 27 pounds with no major lifestyle changes. Insertion and removal HURT!
I have had just a horrible experience with this birth control. I&rsquo;m 18 and I had started to become sexually active so I thought I would give it a go. Honestly I have been very hormonal and gaining weight in my stomach :-( just terrible
I was given this medicine for depression/anxiety, I had many of the bad side effects listed on the insert. My world became even darker than before and I started having suicidal thoughts. I thought I was losing my mind. I was not myself on this medication. I started having panic attacks and just feeling so out of control. My family was worried because of the severe reaction that I had. After changing to a different medication I was back to myself within a few days.
Tried it for 2 days and felt like a zombie took the pain away from my body but made me feel like a controller . I would not recommend this medication to anybody.  It seems like they want to take us off opiates and give us government induced mind altering drugs do not take this drug at any cost
My doctor put me on Remeron trying to ween me off of Xanax and it was a horrible alternative. It gave me one of the worst panic attacks I 've ever had. Once I eventually fell asleep, waking up the next morning was quite difficult as it felt like I was hit with a train.
So I was given Lyza because of my migraines. Long story short as soon as i started taking it I 've had problems. My migraines seem even worse. It made me really moody &amp; depressed. Not to mention never having a break from my period if I 'm lucky I get 5 days off at the most other than that I 'm always on my period. I definitely would not recommend!
I have been on Contrave for 1 month and have not lost an ounce. I am taking it two times a day. It is not curbing my appetite at all. I am active and walk at least 4 or more miles a day and do extensive yard work in the FL heat.Any ideas?
This medicine didn 't work for me.Orally.
54 yr, peri-menopause experiencing bleeding for 6 weeks.  Was given 10 days 10mg provera.  Never stopped bleeding, now it 's Day 10.  Now bloated, gained weight, ovaries have twinges of pain, menstrual cramps..
This medicine should be ILLEGAL. It is extremely adicting and within only about 2 days of taking it your symptoms will be 5 times worse. I have been unable to breathe without this medication for around 4 years now. Tried many times to get off it but with no luck. I 'm simply convinced that it has damaged my sinuses beyond repair.I 'm begging you DO NOT take this. It may work wonders at first but within a day your nose will be completely blocked again and you will have to rely on the medicine again. It 's a vicious circle.
Since I have been on it less than a month, my breasts are painfully tender as well as HUGE, I 'm extremely moody and bitchy, weight gain/bloated not sure which, nausea, 0 sex drive, the only good side is I 'm extremely project oriented on task.
I started taking Loestrin in Sep 2015 after experiencing weight gain, general sadness and headaches on Yasmin. At the time I was starting a new job &amp; training for a marathon so initially put my anxiety down to that. However after completing the race &amp; becoming settled &amp; happy in my new job I still experiencing severe anxiety, having panic attacks and racing negative thoughts. I stopped taking Loestrin, within days the symptoms subsided. This month (Feb 2016) I foolishly decided to give the pill another chance convincing myself I had been over-reacting to the side effects previously. Within 4 days the symptoms returned, stopped taking &amp; already getting back to normal
I 'm 20 with two kids. I have had Mirena in for over two months now. I have had so many side effects from it and I am still bleeding. Some side effects I had were headaches, severe cramping, pain in my sides, moderate to severe bleeding, horrible mood swings. 
I was in pain one might so i drove to kroger at 3 in the morning bought this because it said it had more strength than azo so I took them as soon as i walked out the store drive home sat in my car for an hour to still be in pain. These pills do not work i drove back to kroger got the azo brand and was in relief within 20 mins dont waist your money on this brand
On Pristique for two years with good results, then started getting really depressed.  Doc prescribed 150 mg of Effexor for six weeks.  I didn 't feel any better and was having horrible nightmares and constipation.  I was so disgusted so I weaned myself off over period of six weeks.  I thought I was going insane, the nightmares increased and I was jumping out of bed during the night with leg cramps ,was nauseated and dizzy. When the dizziness got so bad that I fell down, I went to ER and they told me that was withdrawal symptoms and go back to doc.  Now I am down to 37,5 mg a day. Nightmares not so severe but have terrible leg cramps. Hope to be off after one more week.
I took this drug in combination with Zoloft and Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, and ever since then my ability to write and create has just not been the same. I have been off of these drugs for a few months and these things have not returned to normal, which is quite distressing. Unfortunately it 's impossible to tell if this problem resulted from the lithium, the Zoloft, the TMS or some combination of all three. Regardless of its effect on my capacity for written expression, I did not experience any relief from this medication. For instance, lithium is supposed to reduce suicidal thoughts, but I did not notice any decrease in these feelings or inclinations at all; nor did it help with sadness, motivation, etc.
19 year old male was taking this medication for relief of tonsillitis.  After 2 days had an allergic reaction, lips started to swell, throat was significantly worse, swollen to the point of not being able to talk.  Went to Urgent Care and they advised him to stop and prescribed an alternative antibiotic.
I was less upset on this medicine but much much more anxious. Tried 5mg-20mgs and different doses didn 't change the anxiety levels.
After just two doses, I experienced sharp pain in my Achilles heels. Couldn 't walk up stairs without having twinges in tendons. Unfortunately, I experienced the side effects. 
Six months later and I am no better on the humira. I am 24 and had psoriasis since I was 6 head to foot. Doctors want me to wait another 4 months before they change my meds. That 's the NHS for you! Fed up.
I was prescribed Miralax in the ER. I have been in HORRIBLE pain since Tuesday. I 've taken Miralax since Wednesday and haven 't had a bowel motion since. This product severely constipated me. The opposite of what its supposed to do. I am STILL in pain and I was normally regular. Not anymore. 
Started on .75 initially for two weeks, then upped to 1.5.  After a week at 1.5 dosage, began getting severe acid reflux.  I did loose about 10 lbs. but I woke up several times choking on stomac acid, got so bad it was in my lungs.  Great.  Lowers A1C but at the risk of choking to death in my sleep.  Trulicity sucks.  AT this point I 'm taking Lantus and novolog, still can 't get AM before breakfast numbers and after meal numbers anywhere near goal.  I 'm beyond frustrated.  About ready to chuck the whole program and just take my chances.  The alleged cure seems worse than the disease!
I was diagnosed with Bronchitis and have a unbearable cough.  This medicine has done nothing to stop me from coughing.  How can anyone sleep, if they are coughing?????
I had been on Boniva for 18 months and woke one night with severe chest pain and pain in my throat and jaw.  For the next three months I ran high fevers and suffered chills and incredible pain.    My internist denied that it could be this drug and didn 't even tell me to stop taking it.  I have spent thousands of dollars on tests and nothing has indicated that it could be anything else but the drug.  The only way I have been able to function has been by taking Prednisone and tons of Advil.  Be very careful if you take this drug and if you get any of these symptoms STOP TAKING IT regardless of what your doctor says.
I 'm 20 years old and have been on Tri-Sprintec for 6 days. This is my first contraceptive pill and will not be staying with it. I normally do not have mood swings, even around my period, but within the first few days of taking Tri-Sprintec I had to call my doctor and switch pills. I felt absolutely crazy and ended up skipping classes because I was crying to badly to attend. It also gave me a couple of terrible headaches, which could have been an allergic reaction. Whatever it was, I will not be taking this any longer.
I was prescribed this medicine for my diverticulitis and every time I took this pill I was experiencing bad cramping, so I went to the emergency room and the doctor there told me to stop that medication because it causes constipation. So I 'm just taking the other medicine and thus far no cramping just a bit of a headache but that 's better than getting abdominal pains
I 'm 31 years old, my husband and I decided we are not ganna have a baby in the next 5 years and we are not fan of condoms, so I got the IUD. I chose Paragard for no hormones. The doc told me it causes some cramps but it goes away after some months.I got it in October 2016. I 've been miserable since then. I suddenly changed to a weak fragile person devastated to do even regular daily tasks. The sharp pain suddenly started and went to my legs. Horrible pain. Ultrasound and x ray showed its perfectly placed! The pain made my doctor and I confused and I even took the cancer tests. The pain got worse with activities and,turning on. Completely ruined my sex life. I gave up and took it out after 3 months, everything is back to normal! Not worth it
About 2 years ago I found myself in a very bad Legal situation. I remember driving and not feeling well, my face felt swollen, I felt hot and very confused, this had happened several times in a couple years, but played it off as I have idiopathic Angioedema. I was just a half mile from home and was pulled over for speeding, just to mention I had had a few beers earlier. Well anyway I whited out and assaulted the Officer, I do not remember this happening what so ever. that week I went to the Dr and told him what was happening, he said that with some people lisinopril does have these effects on people therefore he changed my medication. looking through the web I also found that if you are allergic to Sulfa meds Lisinopril should not be taken.
Had this horrid torture device in for a little bit over a month before I came to the conclusion that the women that put up with the absolutely dreadful side effects had to be completely and utterly desperate not to get pregnant. This contraption must have been spawned straight from  a dark place, cause thats exactly what it felt like being on it. The night time was the worst for me insomnia fever chills throwing up heart racing. Whatever this thing is all I can tell you is it isn 't good. If your period is regular do natural family planning its extremely effective at preventing pregnancy the only reason I 'm not able to do it is cause my normal menstrual cycle is unpredictable as heck don 't know why but its always been like that.
This medicine did lower my blood pressure, but the side effects were horrible. It caused hair loss, skin rash, weight gain, insomnia, tiredness, dizziness and depression. 
I took one day of medicine. Next day had a full blown sinus/ upper respiratory irritation. Headache, fever, the whole nine yards. 5 days later I am still fighting the effects of a cold/infection. I have been taking Arava for 18 months and have not had one infection. Only reason I tried this is because the Gastrointestinal problems with Arava are bothersome. There are new biologics heading to the market that based on the first 2 phases are safer and more effective than all these that are currently on the market. I will wait for the new ones.
I have been on 50mg of Sertraline for almost 4 weeks now for anxiety, not depression. The last two weeks have been hell. I am having horrible side effects; worse anxiety, heart palpitations, light weight gain, insomnia, no sex drive, EXCESSIVE sweating (palms, face, and feet), numbness in my hands, bad negative thoughts about dying (never had this before) and pain in my neck. I have decided today that I am going to stop taking this, I feel worse taking this than I did before. The only reason I started taking this was because of my breathing. This is my story, although it doesn 't work for me, it may work for someone else.
I 've been in this for only 10 days and it is now in the trashcan. I became increasingly depressed each day and my vision has worsened.
I started this birth control almost 6 months ago. I 'm switching next week I can 't take it anymore! I have experienced about 15 lbs in weight gain, I have horrible mood swings the week before my period &amp; terrible cramping. I get very sensitive for about the first hour after taking the pill. My periods were shortened usually 3 days max....until last week I was spotting for about 2 weeks. The only positive, my skin cleared up, but broke out faithfully during period week. I would highly NOT recommend.
About and hour and a half after taking one Mucinex DM I developed severe dizziness, drowsiness,  bad intestinal cramps, vomiting and diarrhea that recurred over a period of 2 hours.  It was the only medication in my system.
I had paragard place last March, 2016. I had cramps in between periods the whole time. And 6 months later I started getting anxiety/panic attacks. So bad that driving was difficult. I didn 't realize it was my paragard until my physician ask what is making you feel this way? Any stress? Anything different. Then it dawned on me. My IUD was the only thing that was different. I personally don 't recommend getting one. So happy I got it removed today. I already feel better and more importantly like myself again.
First of all, I started taking birth control when I was 17. I started to regulate and lighten my period. I took Yaz for a year. No problems. After I turned 18, my insurance dropped me so I went to a women 's clinic and was given six months of the Ortho. I have been taking it for four months now, and once this pack is gone, I 'm done. The side effects are HORRIBLE. I have no drive for sex. I 'm moody, I cry constantly. My period is heavy and unpredictable. It also lasts forever. I haven 't gotten pregnant (we use condoms as well though), but that 's the only plus. My relationship is at stake here because of a pill.
Caused me to do things and not remember afterwards...I would be cautious while first taking this medication.
I 'm a 47 years old man that had NEVER ever in my life had taken an anti depressent.  I have always had anxiety and would take xanax as needed .25mg. First few weeks of February I had a lot of negative things happen in my life and my anxiety went through the roof and I was borderline depressed. My Dr Perscribed me Lexapro 10mg. THAT WAS THE WORST 8 DAYS OF MY LIFE. I got upset stomach. And in the first 3 days I started talking to myself and had suicidal thoughts and aggression.  I was absolutely scared out of my mind. My anxiety worsened to the point where I couldn 't sleep for 3 days. I was literally dying inside. So my Dr stopped it. Then withdrawal set in. 5 days later I 'm coming out of it. I 'm on seroquel now. MUCH BETTER. Actually helps the anxiety.
My son took 18mgs for 2 days and it was like there were five children wrapped up in him at one time.  He was nasty, negative, unhappy, and would not stop moving for 3 days after his second dose. We and the doctors were shocked at this reaction.
This has been a nightmare. I got the shot to ease pelvic pain my provider suspected was due to endometriosis. At first, I felt like I had the flu for a week or two. Almost exactly a month after getting the shot, I started getting a lot of spotting, and had to wear a pad constantly. After a week of spotting, it became a full-blown, heavy period, and my pelvic pain came back worse than ever before along with severe cramps, muscle aches, and even trouble using the bathroom because of the pain. The pain is far worse at night. I can 't sleep. Ibuprofen and heat packs no longer help. It 's been three weeks. My doctor isn 't sure what to do, and others I 've talked to said it took several months for the pain from the depo shot to go away. I 'm in agony.
I was given this medicine for anxiety and depression, after a month of taking the 37.5mg this medicine has increased my symptoms of anxiety and depression substantially. Also since I have started taking this medication I have developed some new symptoms such as mania and hallucinations. The pains attacks associated with this medicine are horrifying as well. The most disturbing thing about the drug, to me, is the extremely lifelike and vivid dreams that make you believe you 've been up all night but in reality you 've been asleep, this makes waking up very difficult because it 's hard to tell if you 're awake or not. This is an extremely powerful drug, I would discuss other options with your doctor before trying Effexor XR
Not helping pain!
Have an infected tooth was prescribed 600mg ibuprofen alternating with tylenol every 6 hrs (3pm take one type 6pm take the other sort of thing) and T3s with Codeine for over night to help me sleep. Took 1 t3 at 1pm and I 'm wide awake at 2am in agony from the pain and waiting for my next ibuprofen to kick in. T3S are crap!!!
I took this bc because I had constant bleeding for over a month. It stopped my period for about two weeks, however I started bleeding heavier than before and had cramps so severe it felt like I was having labor pains every minute for a couple of hours. I had to go to emergency room and while there I had a clot the size of golf ball. The doctor said it was the birth control and to see obgyn and get on another form of bc. I will not be taking this anymore and would not recommend!
Worst experience I 've ever had I inserted the oval thing at 1am and within a hr I felt more burning then anything never had a yeast infection like this in my life wish I would have read the reviews before waisting my money
Horrible drug. I have switched from effexor to this because of sexual disfunction and lack of sex drive. This has improved those sex issues but the other effects are worst. I have been more irritable,angry and not happy. Small things easily make me angry inside. I notice my blood pressure higher maybe because of the drug or just being more angry inside and out. Dont take this medication. There are other better meds that are out there. I 'll go back to effexor and taking viagra to become the happy champ lol.
My sister hd the Implanon &amp; it worked. So I decided to get it but they discontinued it. I 've had nexplanon for a year now. At first it was constant bleeding &amp; I thought it would go away within a few months cos I read that it took awhile to adjust but 5 months went past &amp; I was so done with it. My doctor told me that maybe if I tried to take the pill with it that maybe that 'll help it adjust to my body (I knew I would forget it some days) but now that my birth control prescription is up. I 'm back to the same problem with spotting. Nw I just figure to just stop birth control all together &amp; go back to condoms. The only reason I went to birth control cos everybody was saying be safe b t this is crazy! I have to be on 2 birth controls to adjust my period isn 't safe!
I used this medication just twice and had a severe headache for 3 days.
I hate this pill! It doesn 't work and I wish I never took his pill! I was on this pill several years ago(7) after I had second child. Switch to the nuvoring, bleed like crazy,  switch to the the shot it was good until I bleed like crazy switched to another pill bleed like crazy now this pill!   I don 't want to get off bc but I need to get my body back on track! Don 't use this pill
After having a few cortisone shots and not much luck or longevity with them,  my Dr asked me try the Synvisk 1and I was reluctant at first but when you have 100% bone on bone in one knee and 75% bone on bone in the other I was willing to try anything. I had to wait also to be approved by Wellness Blue Cross Blue Shield. It was finally approved and i had the shots in late July. I 'm 49 yrs old and a bigger heavier man and I made my 15 yr old son come in to watch. It hurt like heck. My son was shocked to see me wincing in pain the entire time. It takes a little while to get it all in your knee as well. Then to my other knee I gripped the table and said my god nobody said they were this painful. Swelled up so bad for a week. Never helped me.
These drops were applied by my ophthalmologist to treat conjunctivitis. Shortly after I got home 15-30 minutes later, my eyelids began to swell up. I called the doctor 's office and was told to come back. By the time I got there my eyelids were so swollen I could barely see to drive. The doctor applied antihistamine drops to counter the allergic reaction. Eventually the swelling was reduced enough that I could drive home.My other doctors later presumed that I was allergic to the antibiotic in Azisite -- azithromicin. But I had taken that antibiotic orally several years earlier for infections and had no bad reactions. Another ophthalmologist suggested that one of the other compounds used in the Azisite solution might be allergenic.
This medication has many side effects and I think that I had them all. Redness of the face, swelling of ankles and hands, severe knee pain, nausea to name a few. My left knee had so much fluid I had it aspirated three times and not one Doctor said a word. I read some posts and decided to stop taking it and I felt better in a few days and my knee doesn 't hurt. 5mgs of poison every morning......
Made me very sick
I was told I had osteoarthritis and surgery is not an option on my knee due to my age.  I had the cortisone shot in August.  It did nothing.  Therefore, I had the Synvics-one in March. Oh my god, there ought to be law that ALL doctors should be frank with their patients, who are in severe pain and seek relief.  Low and behold, I had the shot which was somewhat painful, but bearable.   The first night I was in agony...could not sleep for the pain.  It has been a week, and severe stiffness has set in.  A friend recommend Blue emu for the pain, and Tylenol.  The Blue Emu helps, but the pain (which is  as worst as last week) is beginning to subside during the day.  At night...just horrible, I awake ever two to three hours with pain!  Never!!!
I 've gotten this implant about a month ago  omg I rather just take the pill I 've had irregular bleeding before and I HATE to have my period in the first place so when I had my irregular period be4 I was a Lil over weight and had it for 3 months so I lost the weight and everything went back to normal to go from getting ur period and it lasting 4 days to bleeding 4 a month was just ridiculous to me  the CRAMPS OMG I COULD DIE I cried every day after I got this implant and when I say cry I mean cry I cried at work on the train going to work  I cried when I woke up and when I went to sleep it really made me emotional oh let me not forget one night I went to sleep when I woke up in blood everywhere. I would NEVER do this again
BAD experience.  My fourth colonoscopy but the first using Moviprep.  Previously all colonoscopies worked using a preparation named Cleanprep.  Moviprep just didn 't work.  I was booked in for a morning procedure and stuck absolutely to the guidelines as there is NO POINT in going for the procedure if you do not have a clear bowel.  Started drinking the solution (which was relatively pleasant to drink) at 5 pm evening before my morning procedure and had one bowel movement shortly after first batch then NOTHING more!!  just an unpleasant experience for a really negative outcome. Procedure ABANDONED and I 'm rebooked.  Afternoon procedure now with different timescale for taking Moviprep - I 'd rather take the more unpleasant Cleanprep it WORKS!!
I just started Protonix 6 days ago.  I feel beat up. Does the Propofol used to do the procedure hang on for this many days?  If it doesn 't , then the Protonix is causing several symptoms|LethargyDizzinessDry mouthAnd last and worst is constant ringing in my ears. It 's getting very annoyingHas anyone else experienced this crazy ear side effect?
Hi. I am 62. Diagnosed with Osteoporosis in 2008. Bone density has increased with Fomax (for 7 years) /calcium &amp; walking 20 mikes plus a week.   Had my first Prolia injection in July and 4 days later started to feel very bloated. At first I didn 't link it to the jab as I do get a bit of IBS. After 2 weeks  wasn 't responding to anything - and I felt worse. Have since seen the GP had blood tests &amp; an ultra sound scan has  showed an almost impacted colon.GP agrees with me that it is due to the Prolia. Laxatives are helping - but the bloating is still terrible. I 'm just desperate to know when this drug will wear off.No more Prolia for me folks!!.
2nd day on contrave and feel like crap spending my time in bed. Nope not taking any more!
I 'm 25 with two kids. I had my insertion on January 16th. I was really scared at first thinking I was going to be in a lot of pain when in reality I  didn 't feel a thing. I did go a day after my menstrual cycle, and had minor cramps through out the day, but it wasn 't bad. My first menstrual cycle was really heavy with painful cramps and huge blood clots it lasted about nine days, but my second menstrual cycle was horrible the bleeding was heavy and as of today I 've been bleeding for 26 days and it is still going. I hate this thing so much, I 'm making an appointment to get it remove and going back to pills.
I had this put on at the beginning of July and have been bleeding ever since! It has made me so emotional and snappy and also caused my skin to become dry and sore! Sounds like a good idea at the time but is definitely not worth all the hassle it causes! Getting it taken out asap and would not recommend to anybody!!
Tried for several years. Doctor kept upping how many to take each day. Got to 4 and decided it just didn 't work for me.
I took this and it seemed to work after the first day. Unfortunately I was wrong to assume it was ok. It ended up literally burning off the skin in my vagina. Third degree. I ended up having to go to the doctor to take something else to treat my infection, then I had to deal with the burns. I was literally afraid to use the bathroom because it burned so bad.
With the old inhalers you could test fire it to make sure it was working. Now, how do you tell? I&rsquo;ve used rescue inhalers for many years. The key word here is rescue. When I have an attack lose the ability to breathe deeply. When I use the ProAir RespiClick I can sometimes taste it on my tongue, just like with my old inhaler but I don&rsquo;t get relief. The instructions say you have to wait over 5 minutes to get relief, but the medicine never seems to kick in. My doctor recommended this especially since there was a coupon.
After my first dose on Sunday, I had a terrible migraine. I decided to take it once a day at night until I get used to it. I took it at night instead of taking it at the beginning of my 12 hour shifts (I 'm a nurse). Yesterday was my first day of taking it twice a day as prescribed. I took the second dose at 10 PM. I woke up at 2 AM this morning with extreme dizziness and a profusely bleeding nose. I thought I was dizzy because of my allergy meds and being sleepy and I explained the bloody nose as being related to allergies. I went to work again today after taking my morning dose at 6 AM. At 10 AM I once again had a bleeding nose. I checked my blood pressure, and it was in the 150s when it normal runs less than 100. Will never take again
Prescribes this for a 3 week cough suspected walking pneumonia or bronchitis and cough is calming but 3 days into this and the diarrhea is horrible.  Feels like I am prepping for a colonoscopy.  Stomach is constantly gurgling and roiling.  Deficating while coughing at times.  I am calling doc to ask for something else cause I can 't leave the house with this diarrhea.   Need to get on a plane in 6 days.   There must be something with less diarrhea side effect
I took Yaz after I had my son. I was on it for 2 years and had no problems. I stop taking it so I could get pregnant. After my daughter was born I decided to go back on Yaz since I had no problems before. I just recently started the pills, I am starting the 3rd week and I have had breakthrough bleeding for 1 and 1/2 weeks straight now. I am so feed up with it. The whole reason I go back on the pills was to keep my bleeding regulated. So, I am thinking about switching to Loestrin24 Fe. I am going to give Yaz until the end of the pack and if the breakthrough bleeding doesn 't stop then I am switching.
I thought I was going nuts until I read all ur comments.  I have sat with ice packs between my legs all day.  The idea that you have a yeast infection is so embarrassing anyway then to top it off you go to get treatment and bear the cashier humiliation, then to halt sex activities, put your life on hold and then the WORST PAIN comes after inserting the medicine.  Wow this sucks. I don 't get frequent enough to remember the brands but I will forever remember not to buy this again.
Dangerous drug, associated with many side effects, even after you stop taking it.  I took a similar one (a quinolone) and came out in a terrible rash.  Had bad taste in mouth, and aches and pains.  I also suffered hallucinations.  All these reactions have been strongly associated with this group of antibiotics.  Best avoided.
I went on this pill after being on the NuvaRing for several years, and I have never felt so depressed.  My life is wonderful and relatively low stress, but everything seems like a hurdle while I 'm taking this pill.  Not to mention a severely decreased sex drive. I actually look forward to my period weeks when I don 't have the hormones in my system!  Definitely looking forward to going off this pill - almost a year of it and the only positive was not getting pregnant!
I was on Lexapro for close to 5 months - didn 't work for me, it made me More anxious.  Told my dr &amp; weaned off of it.  I would not recommend it.
I had the implanon in for the whole 3 years I gained around 50 lbs I had no energy to do anything. I had terrible mood swings I would cry and feel down so much of the time. I didn 't get a period the whole time I was on it I had light spotting maybe twice a year for a few days randomly. I got really bad headaches as well. And I ended up with ovarian cysts as well. I did not have a good experience at all.
I took 3 doses and when I got in my truck I heard a rip in my crotch I could no longer  drive that vehicle because I couldn 't jump up to get in I had to buy a vehicle that I could just sit in a day or 2 later I was just pushing up in bed with my arm and I heard a rip in my elbow I quit doing anything and quit the meds drank alot of water to let it heal in later time had xray chiropractor found gap in dimond s sape bone in hip area of crotch ????? Is that what ripped??Be carefull  taking this I was told this could happen even6 month to a year later after taking it :(
I tried Effexor about eight ago, for a few weeks. Terrible medication! Racing thoughts, my anxiety level went skyrocketing.  Soon when I started using the drug, I started to emerge strong and badly violent obsessive thoughts, albeit I am usually very kind, easy going and non violent person. No, I did not implement these thoughts, thank goodness,  because I understood theme as obsessive thoughts, which were caused by the drug. I had no appetite and had to force my self to eat or drink.  It was really scary. It took weeks to recovery. I was suggested to try it again last year, I said absolutely no! Never!
I tried this for anxiety, but unfortunately it killed my stomach and I had to stop after 2 weeks. Upon the first dose, I became very nauseous. I moved the dosing time to after my largest meal, but it did not help. My stomach would cramp for 3 hours after taking the pill. It gave my heartburn also. I had zero appetite and could not even think about eating a vegetable for all 14 days. I could only eat very bland foods in very tiny amounts. I have gastritis and this drug flared it so badly, I had to take Prilosec. If you have stomach/GI issues of any kind, I would not suggest this drug. I would also advise you check with your insurance on the cost. I was given a sample pack, then called my insurance and it was going to be $223/month for me.
Was on this for about 6 weeks, did absolutely nothing for my depression (possibly even made it worse). The nausea was horrific, I had to start taking Ondansetron (a drug that chemotherapy patients take!) just to get through the day/night without throwing up. Tried taking it at different times and nothing worked.I had high hopes for Vortioxetine due to the research I had done on clinical trials etc. so I 'm sure it does wonders for some people however did nothing for me unfortunately.Also important to note; it is quite pricey, and for those in Australia; it 's not on the PBS so make sure you buy it at chemist warehouse (it 's at its cheapest here for about $70AUD per box)
Stay away from this birth control! I used to take loestrin fe which was the perfect birth control, had little to no side effects. I had switched to blisovi due to insurance, as soon as I started taking it I felt depressed, anxious and like I was living in a bubble. I couldn 't do anything because all I wanted to do was throw up all the time, I barely could eat as well. I barely lasted a week which consisted of me crying everyday due to how it made me feel and decided to switch back to loestrin and pay out of pocket. Stay away from this birth control!!!
I went off Enbrel due to  fungal and other bad infections. My body and brain sped up on withdrawal for a month. My RA Dr. recommended to try  xeljanz almost 2 years later. My arthritis got worse, and I had most of the same symptoms within one and 1/2 months. I went off and I had worse side effects of speeding brain for over three months. Which included 1 month of pychiatric inpatient treatment for withdrawal. Does xeljanz stand behind their drug? Will I be compensated for the results. I hope to start working again in the next month or so. These two drugs have greatly impacted my health and working ability.
I was given Effexor XR  for depression. I had the usual side effects at first dizziness, nauseous, weird dreams and tingly. I was able to beat most of these by taking the medication at the same time every night. The down side was if I was late by a few hours taking it the dreams and tingly feeling returned bad. I was started on 75mg and that worked for a few months then the dosage was upped to 150mg. This worked for a few months as well then I hit rock bottom again and the dosage was upped again to 225mg unfortunately this only worked for a few months. A year after this I was given it again this time it only worked for a couple weeks. This was not the medicine for me.
Did not work well for me.
Extreme fatiguePressure in my headHeadachesDry mouth
WORST BC PILL EVER!!! First two weeks went great no side effects but third week was terrible! This pill made me super bloated and constipated. It really messed my stomach up it 's so uncomfortable. Will never take this again.
I need bi-lateral knee replacement but due to being only 50 we are trying to put it off if we can.  Had both knees injected April 24/17.  No numbing used and the injections were quite unpleasant.  I 'm on day 4 and feel minimal difference in the right knee and still have dreadful pain in the left.  Unless something changes in the next couple of days I most likely will not do this again.  Have opted to get the surgery.
At first I had no problems with the pill. But then on the second month of the first pack I began spotting. At first it was light and then it got heavier like a normal period. This has been going on for over 2 weeks.
Wasn 't for me. It caused irritability and anxiety with no help with depression symptoms. I was on 150mg 2x/d.
I 'm 41, using for cramps and excessive bleeding. My doc gave me 3 months of samples. First and second month, spotted for about a week, then got actual period, for a total of about 10 days bleeding, granted it was lighter, but still had some cramping. Also it all started during the third week of the pills, not the fourth. Terrible mood swings, fatigue. Now halfway through third month, terrible acne. It 's like puberty all over again.
Would not recommend. My doctor put me on the patch because I had a hard time remembering to take the pill to help control my reoccurring ovarian cysts.  I am now in the hospital with severe blood clots from my belly button to just below my knee in my vein.  My leg is swollen and I am in horrible pain after 9 days in the hospital, so far. I would recommend NOT using this patch!
I took Ortho for just over 1 year. This is the worst thing I ever did for my severe cramps caused by endo. I don 't think I will ever fully forgive myself for it. While my cramps subsided completely for 8 months (and ONLY 8 months --- then they came back in full force without any change in lifestyle or medication) the side effects were a nightmare. I developed extreme pain in my breasts to the point I was barely able to wear a sports bra and totally unable to wear a regular bra. I developed severe cystic acne which has left my face permanently scarred. My hair began to thin and small patches fell out while I suffered from crippling depression and insomnia. I would never take BC again in any form after this experience.
I was prescribed this drug recently by my Dr. for treating my High Blood Pressure.  In Reducing BP it was wonderful and I went from a BP of 143/105 to 95/71 using one of the lowest doses of this drug (5mg). However, I felt dizzy and faint and feeling like I was going to pass out and was afraid to take a second dose. I was sweating so much, even in my sleep. And that night I woke up sweating and with dry mouth and a strange cough was beginning to appear in my lungs.  I knew all this dehydation could not be good for my recently diagnoses CKD and so I stopped using it immediately. Within a few days I felt back to my normal self. Still I don 't know the extent of internal damage caused by using it just once. I have decided to reduce my BP through
Gave me constipation and bloating - worse than the problem it was supposed to treat.
I thought it was working until I developed severe stomach cramps that wouldn 't go away. Got scoped and discovered I had fairly severe damage to the esophagus which had reduced the efficiency of swallowing down to 10%. Don 't assume the medication is working unless you get checked. They switched me to omeprazole. 
I went to have the Mirena IUD removed 1 1/2 years after placement and my ob/gyn couldn 't find it to remove it. I have had an ultrasound that turned up nothing and now need an abdominal xray to see if it can be located that way. My insurance won 't cover any of it until my deductible is met,  so I have to come up with $1000 just to find out, and if they find it, I 'll need surgery. This &quot;migration and spontaneous expulsion&quot; are more common than the company says. 
 Ever since I started taking this birth control, I noticed a complete shift in myself. I have been soooooo depressed and my mood swings are so out of control. Before I started this birth control, I was a very happy and out going person and now I 'm so depressed and emotionally about everything.  My appetite is either extremely hungry are not hungry at all. There will be days where I just keep getting hungry and other days where I 'm  hunger maybe once a day and that 's all. I 'm always naueseous when I do eat and my cramps feel just the same as before. Beware and do your research before taking this!!
I have had the mirena  in since April 2015 and been in pain since it was put in and worse for the last 4 months.  Finally got around to having an ultrasound only to find out it has broken and now penetrated the linning of my uterus. There is a 2 week wait at the hospital and thats just for the referral to be looked at. Also because of the irregular periods i now have polycystic ovaries. All of this will effect how i raise my son for the next few months as he has quadriplegic cerebral palsy so lifting him and attending to him daily will be effected. Do not get this form of contraception if you havent explored all the other possibilities.
Got a painful period 3 days after lasted for a week, almost all blood clots.. The day before I got it put in my arm I was 178 pounds now 13 months later I 'm 232 pounds with no change in food intake or what I eat or how much I excersise. No periods anymore though just PAINFUL cramps. Every single morning and night I will cry because of the pain I 've had ultra sounds and NOTHING!! I 'm now so so moody and lash out on everyone. I am hoping to get this out so fast. Only good part is not having to remember if if I took the pill or not because it 's in my arm
I have taken this medication a handful of times but after the last dose have decided to stop use and ask doctor for different medication. I suffer from severe neck, shoulder and lower back pain. The medication does nothing to actually get rid of the pain what it does is knock you out. When I finally did manage to make myself get up the next day I was groggy which did not wear off till close to bed time. I have had the same affect every time using this medication but was smart enough to try it on a weekend. I takes at least 24 hours to feel right again. Not looking for a knock out drug I want something to help with the pain and allow me to function. Definitely not the right drug for me. Diclofenac wil help with muscle relaxing just not pain.
I went to the store looking for Visine A, which works perfectly.  They didn 't have it.  But they had Visine Totality so I got it, since I prefer Visine to the others and still do...but this stuff was potent.  A tingling sensation is okay and sometimes expected.  But these things burn.
I inserted the Monistat one about an hour ago and have been in tears with pain and burning in my doctor doesn 't know what to do.  I had symptoms of a yeast infection for about 2 weeks and finally went to the store and spent $20 on this stupid thing now I don 't know what to do I filled the bath with hot water and that didn 't help. I can 't believe this I 'm in so much pain the itching and burning was never this bad originally!!!!!!
I was on Jardiance for about 6 months, a month into taking it my hair started falling out. I 'm not talking about just a little either,  normally I have very thick long hair. But whenever I brushed my hair the brush was full of hair, it was all over my clothes. By the time I got my doctor convinced it had only started doing that after taking Jardiance my hair was so thin you could see my scalp. The doctor was convinced when I showed him the bag of hair that I had lost.  Now it 's in my records for me not to take this medicine, my hair is growing back but it 's going to be a while yet before it 's back to the way it was before Jardiance
Cardiologist put me on this because I had muscle cramping and pain on Crestor and other statins. Took very low dose once a week. Tolerated it well for about 2 months than started having muscle cramping in my leg so severe that I was completely unable to sleep. Have not had cholesterol levels checked, but I will have to stop taking this.
I had taken Tramadol in conjunction with off label use of Neurontin for bulging discs and a horrid backache, the worst of 20 years. After about 4 days, I felt great. Then about 1 month into therapy, I drank a beer and had a seizure about 1 1/2 hours later. It caused me to go into respiratory arrest. My doctor never cautioned me about drinking ONE beer, despite the fact that I 'd told him I did drink. His lack of foresight caused a situation in which I nearly died. As a result of the seizure, which occurred while I was standing, my L4 was shattered and I was left with nerve being compressed by bone. It has caused me permanent nerve damage and a limp. 
I 've used the generic 7-day with success. Wish I hadn 't decided to try Monistat 3-day cream. I am burning inside and it 's worse than the infection itself. Will be going back to 7-day after I douche. This stuff is awful and should be taken off the market. I feel like I inserted battery acid instead of medicine in my vagina. Will not be completing the 3-day treatment nor will I ever buy another Monistat product again.
Did not work at all - my appetite increased instead! Waste of money about $80.00 x a Month supply.. Very dissapointed
I 'm 25, I was put on this pill 8 months ago because I 've been breastfeeding. Since starting the pill I 've gotten horrible acne, I 'm bloated and gassy all day, every day, I 'm extremely moody, my period is typically every 14 days with the occasional 5-7 week break (very rare though) and very heavy with horrible cramps, and I 've gained 14 lbs; I was losing lots of my baby weight until I started this pill, since I 've started this pill it doesn 't matter how much diet and exercise I do, I can 't lose the weight... I will never recommended this pill and will never go back on it!
I 've taken several different SSRIs and SNRI 's. This medication is the worst I have even taken. It makes me feel worse than I felt before I started taking anything at all - sweating, hot flashes, my mouth constantly tastes like I drank salt water, constipated, bloated, nausea, exhausted. You name It. EXTREME RAGE!!!! stay away from this med. it 's a scary thing
I was diagnosed with parasuicide and major depressive disorder. I also suffer from obsessions, rather than compulsions, and have anxiety. This was supposed to be a cure-all for me until I started having VIVID nightmares that I thought only happened because I was maybe sleeping better. Turns out, Prozac made me lose sleep and I would wake up crying with my heart pounding. My brother had died, so having vivid nightmares related to him dying and other people dying was absolutely intolerable. I would lay in bed and cry because I was afraid to go to sleep. I would force myself to stay up so I didn 't have to dream. It was a living nightmare. I had no idea that that was a possible side effect, and the medicine was put on my allergy list.
The medicine is absolutely horrible! After the first two hours of me having only one pill in my system my whole body hurts, I have a headache. I 'm running a fever, I can 't even walk. My legs and arms are numb and tingling and are in so much pain . I do not recommend at all! It 's worse than my UTI.
My daughter took lamictal for bipolar 1 condition.  She titrated up as instructed by her psychiatrist. After 3 weeks, her eyes became irritated, she developed white sores inside her mouth, followed by a life threatening rash that put her in the hospital for 3 weeks. It was touch and go for 2 weeks. She was diagnosed with SJS that turned to TEN. Amniotic membrane was surgically placed into her eyes for protection and she was unable to see for 6 weeks. This medication was not worth the risk.
This was the most vile, hideous concoction I 've ever had the misfortune of consuming.  I have a very strong stomach and I was barely able to hold the first dose down and am already dreading the second dose. This is my third colonoscopy. Both previous times, I was given pills and my choice of drinks.  I would never recommend the Suprep to another living, breathing creature.
I have never given birth before and I m 25 years of age. I wanted a hormone free bc option so decided on getting the copper t inserted. The procedure was not bad did not feel any cramps during the procedure but had cramps for 24 hours after it. Tried to minimize the cramps by taking the highest does of ibuprofen. Had no cramps the next day just spotting for a few days and periods were normal no change. When I went to my doctor for a follow-up found out the copper t had been rejected by my uterus and had to get rid of it. I think it 's the best option if you don 't want to load your body with hormones. Hopefully will think about it after I 'm done having kids!
i have been bipolar since the age of 21 im now 28 was put on zyprexa for 6 years changed this med because i was gaining too much weight im now 3 and half months on geodon in combination with zoloft all i can say this medication sucks it makes me more manic than ever my doc want me to try lithium i hope ill get better result... been sleeping 3 hours in the night for weeks this was the worst medication i have ever been and i only been on Zyprexa...i started on 80mg now im on 120mg dont reccomend dont try this drug!!!
I started taking it May 2015, then about 6 mos in, the vertigo started and scared the crap out of me, dizziness, constant sinus drainage, so then the cough, dizzy at times, strange taste in my mouth but the worst was the ringing and another weird noise in my head, it would wake me up in the morning,like morse code. Then the clogged feeling in my head, my heart pounding in my chest and head, so as of right now I am just on HCT, hoping this will just help. Really really bad side effects on this drug.  would take it at night, and would be peeing all night, as to avoid the side effects oh and the blurred vision problems also
I started taking Loseasonique because my doctor suggested I do so. Every month just before my period I get a horrible headache that last about three days and nothing I take will make it go away. It has really began to interfere with my life. My doctor said that it was an estrogen withdrawal headache and there is nothing that could really be done. However, he said that if I only had a period once every three months I would only have to tolerate the headache once every three months. I have now been on my first three month pack for six weeks and I have started bleeding, cramping and yes, I have the headache. I have been tired, very emotional and have had migraines since I started LoSeasonique.
Very strange anti-depressant with severe side-effects.I 've been on many different SSRIs over the years, finally settling on Sertraline which has served me well. It did however cause me to sleep too much so my GP suggested I try Mirtazapine. I 'm only a few days in but I have to say this stuff is more like a powerful sleeping pill than an antidepressant. Far from solving my sleeping problem, this stuff has exacerbated it! It hits you really hard and sends you to sleep for 12  hours! The rest of the day I feel like a zombie; dizzy, exhausted and with strange visual disturbances (everything looks several shades darker and somewhat fuzzy).I 'll keep trying for a few weeks but I can 't imagine it will be worth sticking with them.
75 year old female with IBS. I will never take Prepopik again. I have hemorrhoids, and because the packet material contains citric acid, every time I relieved myself, I was in extreme pain. It was as if a hot poker were touching the rectal area. Many tears and muffled screams later, I could claim I was clear. It cost me $140 - no coupon and Medicare did not cover it.
I had asthma as a kid. I recently got bronchitis and my asthma returned. This inhaler should be recalled. It does not work. It is dangerous. I just found my girlfriends pro air hfa inhaler and it worked perfectly. I have been suffocating for 3 days on this horrible dangerous poorly designed product.
This has been one of the worst medications for allergies that I have ever taken. I took it around 5am in the morning and right now It 's 6:45 pm.  My nose has been draining since I took this medication and I 'm more stuffed now than I 've ever been.  My eyes are watery and I 'm sneezing something terrible. I do not recommend this medication. Save your money and try something else.  By the way this was my 2nd time trying it just to see if I would have the same symptoms and I did.
If I could give this a zero I would. I should have looked up the reviews before ever taking it. 15 minutes after popping it in my mouth I 'm anxious, paranoid, and sobbing over the smallest things. It has nearly destroyed my relationship and I feel absolutely insane. Unless you enjoy sobbing, lethargy, panic attacks, paranoia, and suicidal thoughts and tendencies, AVOID THIS LIKE THE PLAGUE
Terrible fatigue and dizziness. Stomach cramps
Extreme drowsiness. Never felt quite this drowsy from taking a medication. I&rsquo;m vomiting every hour or so, I feel so sick, I don&rsquo;t even want to leave my bed. It seems to be working for my UTI however so that&rsquo;s good. Maybe it&rsquo;s meant to flush your system out which is why most people puke? Who knows.
Bipolar II with mixed episode, tried geodon. Severe somnolence, with insomnia (read: trapped in half-asleep purgatory) upon starting. Triggered full blown manic episode with hallucinations, jabbering rambling and fast talking, distractibility and inattentiveness, poor judgment, and dissociation with passage of time, over following couple weeks. Shaking hands (could not perform ordinary fine motor tasks such as cutting my nails). Stopped and switched to quetiapine, with success.
Macrobid caused me to have diarrhea.
Abilify was fine at first, but it slowly increased my anxiety to the point where I felt like I was stuck in one long, never ending panic attack. I stopped Abilify two days ago and feel so much better.
Being an RN, I was very skeptical about birth control pills because of their reputation for causing issues. My OB/GYN encouraged me to take this pill due to a 7cm left ovarian cyst...he said it may help alleviate the issues I was experiencing and prevent further complications. He gave me a couple months worth of samples of Lo Loestrin Fe to try. I will never take birth control again. I took a months worth of the pills and quit. I was experiencing very severe mood swings, depression, etc. - Very unlike me...I have always been very happy and stable. A week ago I quit taking the pills. 
I was given vistaril.  It did nothing for my anxiety. I 've been taking it for about 7 months. It hasn 't done a thing for for. I took 50mgs four times a day. I hate this medication. I was on klonopin which I took for 24 yrs. I went through a lot of withdrawal. Overall not a good medication.
Had severe  shortness of breath, weakness, tiredness, loss of voice. Would never recommend this product! I was in and out of hospitals for months.
I have used this product for only like 3 days now and it instantly made me breakout, my face is now 3x as bad as it was when i started it.
I took this for over 3 yrs (age 17 to almost 21) and wish I 'd read reviews and realized what was happening to me sooner. I 've always been a nervous person but my anxiety went through the roof on this pill. However, I blamed the anxiety on getting older and maybe the stress of school. In hindsight, it was definitely the pill. I changed from a happy, easygoing person to an emotional monster. I became easily infuriated and even hit my boyfriend out of rage (something I would NEVER normally do). I gained weight, had acne, and became unbelievably moody. Stopping this pill was the best decision and I only wish I 'd never started. My advice is to not take this pill, but if you choose to, be aware of how your body is reacting. I wish I had sooner.
I started taking Lyza on the second day of my period and it 's been 2 weeks now I 'm still bleeding. And this is the first time I have to take pain reliever on my period. Plus I 'm gaining weight too.. this pills sucks
Terrible cramping, humiliating gas and gut wrenching diarrhea for two days, and still going on -- after taking only 1/2 teaspoon for 2 days.  All websites fail to explain what ingredients are in this medication while warning me away from allergic reactions to the ingredients.
I 've been on multiple different pain meds for chronic spine issues. The pain Dr decided to switch me to this new pain medicine with promising results. This is my 3rd dose and stomach pain and nausea begin 45 min after every single dose. It seems to subside a little towards the 8th hour or so. This medicine has 0 effect on pain just creates more by adding the stomach pain. This medicine is being pushed because it has a low potential for abuse thanx to the junkies.That 's fine but make sure it works before u release it. All of the complaints about this drug will make it a short lived one. Doctors will push it hard in the beginning but patients will push back. Complete garbage ,  and a waste of money, thanks endo pharm, for the stomach pain
I only took this medication for a few days, my heart started hurting...I ended up in emergency room my blood pressure had sky rocket and my heart rate was throught the roof. Laying down my heart rate is steady but the moment I stand it jumps to over 150bpm...this never happened until I took this medication. I have been on bed rest for over a week now and so far it doesn 't seem to be getting any better.
Well I was going to write a full out review but apparently there 's not even room for that here. So I 'll make it short. I am 20 I 've been taking this for 8 months. In the beginning all was well, then it made me sick to my stomach everyday. I kept taking this in hopes that it would subside. It did. For the past two months this BC has turned me into the moodiest person I 've ever been in my life. I 'm rude and I 've never been this way. I would NOT recommend this to anyone. It 's ruining my 6 year relationship. I can no longer proceed with this medication. DO NOT take.
Terrible! I have gained weight and frequently have stabbing pain in abdomen and lower back, and severe painful bloating!! This tablet is the worst, don 't take it!!!
I was on the shot my first in December of  '13, next was due in March  '14. Barely had a period but when I did it would last 15 days straight then I switched to the pill and since I 've taken it I 've had a period non stop. Before any birth control my period would last 3 days. I stopped taking birth control all together it caused back pain, cramps, headaches. It was supposed to help cysts but I 'd rather go through that pain then with this.
The positive I had on this medication was having great, clear skin. But the negatives very heavily outweigh the positives. Ive been on this for a month and a half and already have to stop taking it. I get constant headaches, my mood swings are off the wall (affecting my boyfriend and i 's relationship), nausea, difficulty concentrating, irrational thoughts and depression. Switching off of this immediately. If you are prone to depression DO NOT take this pill!
I have bad side effects from all antibiotics, which is why I ended up with a long-standing urinary tract infection. I was given Bactrim DS by my doctor. I was really afraid to take this medications, so I cut a pill in half. I also took 1/4 of a Phenergan to help with possible nausea. I was fine all day. No side effects at all until about 4 hours in. Then I developed extreme body aches, especially stiff neck and a low grade fever (which lasted 3 days). I didn 't take another one, checked my urine with a dipstick and it was clear. Unfortunately the urinary tract infection came back the next day because I didn 't take enough. I tried 1/4 of a pill and had the same side effects 4 hours later. No more of those for me. Going back to the doctor for something else.
First night had crazy dreams.  Couldn 't settle in.  Next day nauseous all day.  Worse than flu symptoms.  I will never take again.
I 've been on Doxycycline for 4 weeks.  I haven 't seen any improvement with my adult hormonal acne around my mouth.
Prescribed as an alternative after I suffered rashy spots all over when taking Celebrex for a crushed vertebra (trying to avoid surgery).  While I didn 't suffer any side effects I didn 't get any pain relief either.
Been having cold like symptoms. Running nose, sneezing, stomach pain, constipation, heart beating too fast. I 've been taken only 4 days but stopped today. Side effects are too much and they 're making me miserable.
Ok I 'm 51 yrs female. Suffered along thru life with anxiety. When younger it was manageable.  Until the last 5 years after loss and my fair share of medical issues leaving me overcome with severe anxiety and depression. Fast forward today my physian petscribed Effexor 25mg. In the past 5 years have tried others with side effects. I 'm only on day  5  and feeling so tired and have mild diareeha and some little anxious feeling. The tiredness is profound. Will update in a week.
I have never written a review in my 21 years of life but I feel I should share my experience. About a little over a month ago I got on this pill. Not to brag but I have a decent happy life. The first couple of days I noticed no symptoms and was so happy.. out of no where i started waking up with migraines and breaking out.. I figured ok no big deal.. I didn 't connect it with the pill. Next thing you know, I get upset and mad about literally EVERYTHING. Work..family.. boyfriend. My life was going downhill everyday.. depressing thoughts.. Finally my boyfriend and I put it together and figured out it was the birth control. I IMMEDIATELY stopped and thank god I am feeling better as the days go by. Not to mention everyday spotting! NOT WORTH IT
Inserted in 06. Removed in 16. Opted for this as the hormones triggered headaches. Shortly after insertion hair breakage. Severe PMS. Migraines. Kept being told it 's because I 'm stressed. I 'm getting older etc. nobody ever suspected the IUD. Migraines became progressively worse over the year yet nobody ever suggested the Paraguard was to blame. 15 days a month of migraine. Tried every single drug, remedy, alternative health paths. Nothing worked. Had hair test done a month after IUD removal to confirm hidden cooper toxicity. Severe PMS went away quickly after removal. The migraine copper detox is a long dedicated life alerting progress. 9 months post removal in seeing progress. Never ever would I recommend this to anyone.
Abilify does not work. It is not the medication for me. My heart races I can 't breathe half of the time right  I get dizzy I 'm panicky and unmotivated I 'm Droggy and always lethargic very down and it has the opposite effect. !!!
1/10 does not even begin to describe my awful experience with this pill. I was on this pill for almost a week and had to stop it due to EXTREME mood swings and massive depression and anxiety. I have been on SSRIs for 7 years now and my depression and anxiety are relatively under control. From the minute I started this bc, I started gaining weight, breaking out and having intense mood swings to the point where I thought I needed to go to the hospital. My breaking point with this bc was one night when I went through the cycle of angry/violent thoughts, to intense anxiety, to feeling completely normal. That cycle happened about 5 times in an hour. After this experience I am now terrified to try another birth control method besides condoms.
I was prescribed 2-3 weeks ago...was so happy to finally have something I thought would help prescribed to me. I tried it for two days...felt my depression/scary scenarios get worse, so I stopped. Depression was still there but not as bad as it is when I am on the pill. I took it again to see if it will finally work this time...it 's my 3rd day, still feeling worse but I 'm trying to wait for it to work because I 've read it works after 2-3 weeks. So I hope it helps... :/
Horrible, Made my chest tighten up, and did nothing for my migrane, I ended up in the ER.
Just didn 't work for me. Now day 10 and still sick.  Emergency walk in says it must be viral. I won 't accept this prescription again.
Lets just say I never write reviews for anything but I am on day 4 of this antibiotic for strep throat, and all I can say is that I actually felt better with the strep then I do on this medication. Worst stomaches, itchiness, and sleeplessness. It has also caused me severe anxiety and racing heart. I was told to try and give it another day or two by my doctor but I am actually hoping I just get a rash just so I can stop this stuff!!!!
Who knew an eye drop could taste so bad!  It worked, but the taste is terrible - I 'll only be taking it when I have to.
I have only had my first dose- 4 weeks in and I already know I 'm never getting it again. My mood swings have been terrible... I feel like crying for no reason, worse than any other birth control I 've taken in the past. To top it all of my skin is reacting terribly. I have a rash all over my legs and it 's starting to breakout on my arms too! Luckily it 's not red, but it 's still uncomfortable. I 'm terrified of how the next 2 months are going to be... Broke down crying to my fianc&eacute; begging him to help me get through this. Wouldn 't recommend it to ANYONE
Dont like this medication at all. I have MS and i started taking this for depression/anxiety about a month ago and i must say i will not take another pill as of today! This is a terrible medication, it gives you the weirdest nightmares! And thats when you can finally sleep! Avoid this medication at all cost and anything like it
I had a mild yeast infection as a result of taking an antibiotic earlier this week. I thought it would subside on its own but after day 3 i figured I should go buy some Monistat as it usually works for me. I 've never bought Monistat 1 and I NEVER will again. I put in the ovule ate 12:30 AM  and was AWOKEN FROM MY SLEEP at 4 AM with the Devil 's wrath on my vagina. It is burning like crazy and itches so bad!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!! I would have gone to an Urgent Care if I had known the side affects would be this horrid
I took one pill of a two week prescription and immediately had a splitting headache. Six hours later I had difficulty breathing. Body aches and joint pain also kicked in. Two days later I am finally starting to feel better, but my right knee still hurts. This drug is (almost) banned in the U.K.  And should be looked at by the FDA.  You need to know if you are allergic to the sulfa class of drugs before even thinking about taking this drug.
Orthotricyclen is pretty bad, but this is the worst generic of it. As soon as my pharmacy switched to giving me this instead of Trisprintec, My side effects dramatically increased. I gained weight, had horrible mood swing and even had a blood clot in my leg from this pill! It nearly killed me!! It 's claimed that generics are all the same, but that can 't be true for birth control pills. Tripreventfem is the worst!! Do not take it if your pharmacy forces you to switch!
I 'm on week 3 of yaz and I can 't impress enough how it has exacerbated my depression.  I am crying constantly, I 'm getting cramps like there 's no tomorrow and feeling nauseous randomly. I don 't think regulating my period is worth the feeling of hopelessness, the lack of motivation and general low feeling I am emersed in after only 3 weeks!
After my wife was taking Simponi for about a year under the direction of  her arthritis doctor, she came down with a rare neurological condition called CIDP (chronic inflamatory dimylating polyneurothapy) where she became almost totally paralized .   I think that the drug Simponi is very dangerous to take and she still can 't walk after 2 years after stopping the drug.  She has to take infusions of IVIG  gamma globulin every third week to rebuild her nerves after the erosion of the myelin of the nerves took place.  This is a very serious side effect that no one has addressed.  I am sure that others have had this side effect hit them from taking Simponi.  We have spent over $200,000 in medical expenses toward my wife 's recovery and will take at lease 1 to 2 more years for her to recover.
My itching went down some after taking 10mg of hydroxizine, and that 's good, but now I am totally awake, and will be for 36 hours or so, I can tell. That is how I react to Benadryl, but not to Allegra, which doesn 't seem to affect my sleeping. The little bit of relief that I have gotten from taking it is not worth the complete loss of sleep. The prednisone I started today is working already, and I think I 'll just take that plus Allegra until my rash goes away.
This gel has been horrific for my skin. As a result of taking it I have come up with an allergic reaction on my neck and around my eyes which is so painful, itchy and red. I really wouldn 't recommend trying it unless you are really desperate. I have read a lot of other reviews where people said this happened to them too - but the GP never informed me of the potential side effects.
I started 10 mg on Dec 19th and started a severe yeast infection Dec 25 and then into a Bacterial vaginitis. I have been treating this now since Dec 26th, and stopped the med with my doctors orders. I will never take this again. I have spent a fortune on OTC meds, with  poor results. Now doing steroid creams and will start antibiotics next week. This has been miserable  and my sugars are up because of the infections. Just be careful with these new meds.
Does absolutely nothing for me except make me a little dizzy. I 'm in more pain now than before I started taking it.  Absolutely the most useless prescription I 've ever had.
I started this medicine four months ago, and I 've had the worst experience so far. My skin has cleared up and I haven 't gotten pregnant, but otherwise the side effects are NOT worth it. I 've gained 12 pounds since I 've started, and I 'm a petite girl who 's weight never fluctuates. My face has swollen up like a chipmunk to where I can hardly smile anymore. I 'm constantly bloated and there 's no way to fix it. My sex drive has drastically decreased. Sure it 's great I haven 't gotten pregnant, but feeling so fat and bloated and insecure that it makes me want to stay inside and hide - NOT worth it!!
Horrible side effects! Just 4 doses and I 'm still recovering from this medication. Feeling dizzy/ run down was just the beginning. Symptoms progressed to headache, vomiting, nausea, chest pains, loss of balance, and a general feeling of illness and pain. Not worth it.
I have been getting up 3-4 times every night and finally decided to try medication again. (previously tried Flomax which did nothing for me)  Rapaflo, after 4 days gave me only a headache, diarrhea and at best a 20% flow increase. I still got up several times during the night, maybe one less time than previous. The side effects and miniscule benefit made it a no-brainer to stop taking this useless medication. A waste of $78.
I gave this a 1 only because 0 was not an option. Of course, everyone has their own experiences and will react differently to this birth control pill. I highly recommend to everyone to read reviews online and DO YOUR RESEARCH because I didn 't and I blindly trusted my doctor. Unlike most people, I did not need this pill for the purpose of birth control but to simply avoid my period for 1 WEEK in December, as I am going away on vacation. I went to see my doctor for contraception to avoid my period for that one week in the upcoming December and she immediately prescribed seasonique. I checked with her again asking what was the use of starting in October, but she convinced me that it was my best option as I would have no bleeding until January.
Terrible medication in my experience. It helped very little with a1c and blood sugar control. I did not have any day to day side effects from this medication however I continuously suffered from high lactic acid levels which created severe pains all over my body which was just too much to take. I have switched to another oral medication and seeing the results that I have been searching for. As far as this medication- never again. I started it for Polycystic ovarian syndrome; later used for type 2 diabetes .
I have been having chronic sinus infections due to allergies for the last year and a half. I finally went to an ENT who prescribed this medicine along with my current regimen (Allegra D, Flonaise, Neti Pot). I have been on this medicine for about a week now and I am unusually irritable, and easily aggravated. I can tell that it 's getting worse, as today I started developing anxiety along with it. I am not going to take it tonight and call the doctor in the morning. I saw on the label about mood issues and depression, but this is more like taking a stress amplifier. If I had complete relief from the allergies, I would consider continuing, but I haven 't noticed an improvement, still have extensive postnasal. Glad to see I 'm not the only one.
This shot is terrible and I do not recommend it at all. My mood swings are terrible, I was put on an anti depressant because it made my anxiety terrible, and the abnormal, random, heavy bleeding with no warning after being on it for almost a year SUCKED. Not only was the bleeding random and heavy, it was for weeks at a time too. The shortest period I had was about a week. The only good thing that came of it is it definitely prevented pregnancy for me and I didn 't gain weight from it.
Savella was awesome for my chronic back pain.  Unfortunately the side effects were too serious.  My blood pressure sky rocketed to 160/110, my resting heart rate sky rocketed to 136, and my estradiol levels plummeted to that of a postmenopausal woman (I 'm only 37 with no history of early menopause).  I experienced hot flashes that would have me dripping in sweat with absolutely no physical exertion whatsoever.  If it weren 't for side effects I 'd love to take it. I sincerely hope there are people out there who can take this and not experience the side effects, because it was like a miracle for the pain.
-Not a very good one. Complained to Drs . About dry mouth,diarrhea, and numbness in toes. Tingling at tip of fingers.  They dismissed it as nothing.  The numbness has progressed to my foot,legs,hands,arms.  Have trouble walking without a cane because I loose my balance and have fallen many times.
On March 23, 2017 went to urgent care and was diagnosed with bronchitis.  Was prescribed levofloxacin.  By the weekend by knees were so swollen I couldn 't walk.  I didn 't read the warnings.  It 's now April 21 and my knees are still swollen and I 'm shuffling around like my 90 'year old mother.  I did go to my primary care physician, who said I should never have been prescribed this medicine.  The warnings state do not prescribe to those over 60 unless there is no other antibiotic and not to those over 60.  I 'm 65.  I 've had blood tests and X-rays.  Blood work showed nothing abnormal and X-rays normal and my dr now wants me to see a rheumotolgist.   I feel I should see an orthopedist.  Please inform you family and friends to stay away this
I am now part way through my 3rd shot of this injection. I 'm 18 and have had pretty much constant bleeding for the past 9 months, with only a few weeks of no bleeding! I feel shattered constantly and have no energy! The main way that it 's protected me from pregnancy is that I haven 't been able to even have sex due to constant bleeding! This experience has been a nightmare for me, it 's been painful and I 've felt rough and low the whole time! I wouldn 't recommend this at all as any side effects last for the 3 months that it stays in your system!
This is my 1st x on BCP &amp; this is what was prescribed &amp; I can 't wait to end this pack &amp; just suffer the horrible monthly cramps!! Since taking these, I 'm always nauseous, so fatigued, constantly very irritable, my mom thinks I 'm suddenly acting depressed when I never have been in my whole life, enough to where she wants me to go to counseling, I 'm breaking out and it all seems to this pill, the ruthless culprit!
I have been on Livalo for 4 months. About 4 weeks ago starting having pain in fingers of my left hand.  2 weeks ago pain in back of leg from above the knee to the foot. Pain is persisting and hinders my sleep. I have had problems with my muscles while on Lipitor and Crestor.
After suffering with daily migraines for almost every single day of every month for over two years I was finally approved for botox injections.  I received 31 total injections, which did not hurt with the exception of a pinching during a few of them.  After 3 weeks I was still suffering to the same degree and now, 8 weeks later there is zero improvement.  I am glad it has helped many, but for me there is no relief.  I also had a cortisone injection in my C5 and C6 for degenerative disease and still no relief.
Caused suicidal depression
I was initially prescribed Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo.  After 2 months of heavy breakthrough bleeding my doctor changed me to Blisovi Fe 1.5.  I 've now been on Blisovi for 4 months.  The only positive I can say is that it stopped the bleeding.  My top 3 complaints are: anxiety, acne, and weight gain.  I am constantly on edge and jump at everything.  Every month when I start Week 3 my face gets extremely dry overnight and peels as if I have a sunburn then cystic acne comes in full force.  I 've never had an issue with acne in my entire life!  I 've also gained 10 pounds with zero diet change.  My dr. asked me to give it a few months and as of this morning he agreed to change me to Yaz.  If you are researching and are on the fence, DON 'T TAKE BLISOVI!
Used oral for UTI and All the side effects just started to appear day by day and instead of becoming healthy I deteriorated. Diarrhoea, Abdominal and Back pain, Nausea, Chest pain, Dysuria , Sleeplessness just started to aggregate and now I am in the most miserable condition. Won 't recommend at all.
Ohhhh crap what a nightmare. This did soften my plaques. But after a week I am quitting. 3 massive migraines. I thought the one I 'm currently having would kill me. Went to the hospital. Typical diarrhea. I had massive tendon spasms last night. This drug is good for some but not for me. This was my last hope.
Buspar 5 mg twice daily for possible anxiety induced difficulty failing asleep. First week good, second week less helpful for sleep, then onset of extreme hip, bilateral leg weakness with feeling of extreme leg muscle fatigue, start mid afternoon, worse by bedtime every night, required pain med to allow sleep. Discontinued.
Had problems immediately (Tiredness after 7-10 days) with Flomax and so doctor proscribed Proscar and it helped somewhat.  However, It caused me to feel tired and occasionally extreme exhaustion.  After about one year of use I became impotent even with Viagra.  I quit it for about 6 weeks.  Felt normal with no erectile dysfunction.  Started again and felt tired and had ED.  Quit for about 2 months again and felt OK. Started a third time with the same tiredness and ED problems.  Have now stopped using it.
Horrible drug. It did not prevent my migraines at all, and I had aweful side effects.  Nausea, fuzzy thinking, tingly hands, and feeling overall sick the whole 4 weeks easing on and two weeks easing off.  Not worth it.  I 'm back to Amitriptyline .
Remember, this is just my personal experience. Everyone is different. I got the Mirena inserted on August 1st. I got it removed today (September 12). I have heavily bled every day for the past month. If it weren 't for my husband coming home for two weeks next month, I might have kept it for a bit longer to see if it stopped. Other than that, it was fine. No other symptoms and insertion wasn 't bad at all. Just a little cramping afterward.
Poisoned me - Do NOT take it! Made me very sick and I felt almost dead !  Military only use it to replace other meds Made me vomit and pass out ! Trust me 4 weeks in and it is only worse. 3/12/17
The positive I had on this medication was having great, clear skin. But the negatives very heavily outweigh the positives. Ive been on this for a month and a half and already have to stop taking it. I get constant headaches, my mood swings are off the wall (affecting my boyfriend and i 's relationship), nausea, difficulty concentrating, irrational thoughts and depression. Switching off of this immediately. If you are prone to depression DO NOT take this pill!
It 's nothing. This did absolutely nothing for me. I didn 't even have any side-effects, it was like taking a sugar pill or a placebo.
Serious allergic reaction, hives and extreme itching.
So, Buspar does nothing for me at all. I may as well have been taking a sugar pill all this time. My doctor felt that since I was only 30 years old, the Benzo that I had been on for the last 4 years that greatly helped me, was out of the question because SOME folks abuse it. REALLY?! If your anxiety is intense and life ruling like mine is, please look into a Benzo. Hopefully you 'll have a doctor that is actually out to HELP you.
First birth control i was put on. The first couple of months were fine I was very emotional at times tho. Boobs grew for sure and acne has cleared up. The third month I started spotting for 2 weeks before I got my period and only had it for 3 days. I recently have noticed I 've gained a lot of weight. Used to have great abs and now I have a muffin top and pudgy looking stomach, have been working out and doesn 't seem to do much. Debating if I even like having these hormones in my body. I was fine before taking birth control, i went on it for acne and to regulate my periods but now I don 't think it was really worth it, it 's starting to make me feel like I 'm starving like an hour after I eat a full meal.
I tried this for PCOS.  This BC seemed nonexistent.  I never have spotting but had constant discharge the entire month I was on it.  Didn 't feel like I was taking anything and didn 't seem to do anything.  Pro to it not doing anything is I didn 't feel like it messed with mood.
I had to have my implant taken out I had it put in 2 years ago and since then I have gained 40LBs that I haven 't been able to get rid of like I used to and have been agitated and moody no one tells you the first 6-8 months you can 't even have sex because you 're constantly bleeding and spotting.  It was good birth control but the side effects are in my book not worth it. I also had hair loss and countless other side effects which may not be linked to this but since they have stopped after 2 weeks of having it out I 'm guessing that it was the implant. Strongly do NOT recommend!! I also know someone else who had the nexplaton and she got PREGNANT and had a miscarriage wile having the implant she has since had it removed. I suggest you do to...
Reporting LIVE from my bathtub trying to dig this mess out of my vagina!!! Do not buy this or use this! After minutes of inserting this my vagina was on fire! I had to sit in a bathtub to rinse this mess out!! Where is the FDA, drug association, or whatever because this stuff needs to be taken off the shelves ASAP!
It doesn 't seem to me it does much.
I took 75 mg for 3 weeks and it didn 't really move the needle for my depression.  I thought around day 3 I felt a little better, but after that it was pretty much back to being depressed as I had been before.  I did feel like I was less easily angered by things, which was nice.  It did not help my social anxiety very much or at all. Side effects were not too bad.  A little drowsiness the first few days.  Some ringing in the ears.  Decreased libido the first couple of weeks.The doctor has changed me over to Cymbalta, so we 'll see if that works any better.  I had high hopes for Zoloft, but I guess it just didn 't work for me.
I only took 3 pills and immediately I had sharp pains in my legs and arms. It bothered my stomach even though I took it with food. I had ear pain at night. This pill was not right for me.
I was prescribed Bactrim ds for 14 days twice a day. I was told to take with a probiotic as it could kill the good bacteria in my gut, so I did.  The side effects were severe headache,  and fatigue.  After 5 days of taking this medication I got an allergic reaction, so I stopped the antibiotics. The reaction was a severe rash on my face, neck, and chest. It was bright red, hot, and itchy. A mild rash spread to the rest of my body. I was given other medication to help the the allergic reaction which helped after 4 days.  The abscess did go down and eventually healed on its own.
I have had Implanon for a year I have been bleeding the whole time. At first I lost weight, now I have gained 15 pounds.
Useless to the point where the people selling it should be charged with fraud. Far less effective than half an imovane tablet, but more than twice the price.
My doctor prescribed this medication for my depression. However, it has caused major anxiety and agitation. These two warnings are listed on the Trintellix web page. So be careful! You may be exchanging one problem for another!
So I was on the nuvaring for less than 1 week. I think it 's been only 4 days, I just took it out for good. The first day everything was fine, the second day I experienced the worst itch in my vagina, I mean terrible. I 've never had a yeast infection, and this is my first time trying birth control. It also made my vagina extremely dry. Sex did not really hurt but was hardly enjoyable BC I was not wet at all, and he said he pushed it back up there for me during sex.. Don 't recommend this method of birth control at all, and I 'm really not sure where to go from here, as I am very wary of all the hormonal side effects of all methods of birth control. I am very disappointed and do not want to ever experience this kind of discomfort again.
I received all of the side effects. 
Genuinely would not recommend this as a form of birth control. have had it in for almost a year, first few months were okay, but it 's gradually got worse, I 'm constantly on my period, I 've got acne, I 'm tired, I 've gained weight &amp; it 's impossible to shift. How I feel on it affects me the most, I 'm emotional &amp; moody and feel like crap! it 's taken my sparkle away. no girl wants that. have booked app to get it out. never again.
I tried to cope 4 months with severe adverse reactions. Insomnia, depressed mood, bladder gone grazy, pain increase in facet joints, white blood cells began to elevate over max of normal limit. The only good thing was the autoinjector, no pain feelings whatsoever.
What a waste of time and money!  Are the contributors on this site really patients and not Genentech plants?  No help with asthma, phlegm after 5 shots at $3000 each, big pharma just printing money with these drugs.
Took it for about 2 months. Lost my voice, perpetual sore throat, major sinus issues. I haven 't taken it for months and can 't shake the burning in my throat. I have to go to an ENT. Not a safe drug
Horrific experience! It was working, but had to stop to protect sanity. Side effects were SO AWFUL, that I give it a &quot;2&quot; rating, despite effectiveness of quitting, a &quot;9&quot;. Piece of cake to reduce by half, in a matter of days, with zero effort. 46 year smoker. Had to stop before ever reached full dosage. Almost went to ER, to have myself admitted for psych treatment. (Also lost 20lbs., in one month, with no effort.) Trust me - I would have loved to have stayed on it. Some effects - mild paranoia, visual and auditory hallucinations, cry at drop if a hat, intense sense of insecurity, inadequacy, fear of loss of self-control. 3 months later, still smoking about 25% less and 10lbs loss. Other side effects I can 't recall, except acne and weird skin rash.
I am very prone to yeast infections. Especially while on birth control, for the most part really good probiotics clear it right up but I had slight symptoms of a yeast infection for the past week and the probiotics aren 't doing the trick so I had a diflucan lying around from when I was on a zpak. Decided to just take it and see if it would help. I 'm having an awful reaction my vagina is 100 times itchier. Don 't take it. Go out and buy a great probiotic, so much better and all natural. I 'm regretting taking it. :(
I have been using Jublia for 3 months now.  I apply it every evening, keep the nail clipped, filed, clean and dry.  No improvement.  Woke up this morning to find red, itchy and blistered skin and clear pinkish fluid oozing from under my nail! It looks very painful but I don 't feel a thing, thank goodness! While I 'm waiting to hear back from my Dr. I 'll fill you in the cost.  First, went to CVS to find out it was $628.00!  Received a Walgreens coupon form my Dr. which my insurance allowed for $125.00.
Non of the listed side effects, but after one month at prescribed dosage my red, white and platelet counts were down. Needed platelet and red cell infusion, on two consecutive weeks after dosage was stopped.
Would not recommend for anyone that suffers from a mental illness. 5 days after insertion I began to have debilitating mood swings. Crying, panic attacks, suicidal thoughts, anger, and feelings of being completely overwhelmed hit me hard and continued non stop for 3 weeks now. I already suffered from anxiety and depression that I was managing just fine on my own with homeopathic remedies. After having nexplanon inserted all my progress went out the window. To make matters worse, my Dr. refused to remove it after 2 weeks and instead wanted to put me on antidepressants  (which are ineffective for me or have side effects that are not worth it for me). After having it for 4 weeks, I am finally having it removed!
Within one hour of my first ever does (25 mg), I was in agony. Sure, I pooped but then, I kept on and for hours (total four). In that entire time, I had the most severe intestinal pain I 've EVER had!  Bent over, screaming, clutching a pillow hard against my gut, I was repeatedly having watery brown smelly feces fill the adult diaper and run down my legs!!  Am now in hour four, it 's less than it was. Comes in waves. Is there no antidote? No way to make it STOP????  The pain is making me short of breath. My neck and lower back muscles are like tightened ropes. WHEN WILL THIS END???
Not trusting the source (s) of reviews of this medication from  'company-friendly ' sites, hope this one actually gets published.Zoloft was a nightmare, nine-day experience.  Kept reading the  'keep taking it! ' reviews and those were simply not true to me.  Most everyone will eventually cycle back to feeling much better, especially if they have support.Zoloft will push you over the edge if you keep taking it.Had every side effect - bizarre urination flow, horrible gas, insomnia, etc.Would suggest people considering Zoloft to stick with something short-term and short-acting.  Feel better and wean yourself off and don 't let one quack doctor talk you out of that mindset.
This chemical nearly killed me !  Question :  is this drug  in the same category as the biologics ?  If so, then I am not surprised.  Like Humira, Xeljanz, Opdivo, Methotrexate, et al; I can &quot;see the writing on the wall&quot;,  in a manner of speaking. I hope not two see an entirely new year of people who are injured by an entire nation of people too impatient with the same period of time it 'll take for the 15  to 20 years of strict FDA latitudinal / longitudinal double - blind studies necessary to ensure ALL SIDE EFFECTS ARE ABLE TO BE AS MINIMIZED AS HUMANLY POSSIBLE.   For me, with my history of strict regimentation of timing my own medications, I came within 96 hours of loss of life due to a 3- organ-system failure. These things are like rat poison !
I have been on this bc for 3 months and it 's been the worst 3 months of my life! I had pretty clear skin before taking this but now it 's awful! I have tons of small pimples all over my forehead and chin and big pimples on my back. It has also left bad scars on my face. As far as weight goes I haven 't gained any weight. I 've lost weight if anything. I am switching at the end of my pack because I just can 't handle the awful acne!!
I was given 25mg once a day in conjunction with Lamictal. I started hallucinating about a day in.  Stopped taking it 4 days later after severe hallucinations.
The doctor I saw couldn 't identify what was causing the excruciating pain in my throat when I swallowed but told me it was either Tonsillitis or Pharyngitis. The doctor gave me a 5 day course of Clarithromycin and It hasn 't helped at all so far. I 'm on day 3 of the course and the only time the pain goes away is when I take paracetamol. After an hour or two the pain of swallowing just comes but and I 'm also getting a really stiff neck and a very dizzy head. This prescription isn 't helping me at all.
I previously used the old ProAir, the traditional design, and it worked great could jog twice as far without getting short of breath, mow grass, etc. I was at the doctor and asked about a refill &amp; she told me about this amazing new design that you don 't have to squeeze. The idea sounded great, but in reality it doesn 't work. After I use it shortness of breath is slightly decreased, but the chest tightness/pain remains and starts to take on a different character, &amp; it also makes me extremely nauseous. Yes, it is convenient, but people who need a rescue inhaler would rather it work &amp; provide relief than to have 1 less button to press.
Did not work the first night, was awake all night, felt so bad I called in sick the next day. It took about 3 nights before it did anything at all. Lunesta is a much better choice. My insurance won 't even cover generic lunesta, somebody must be getting paid off.
I am 42 years old. Had 4 weekly injections of Orthovisc for chondromalacia/osteoarthritis. I unfortunately had no relief of my symptoms. The injection itself is not all that painful.
Took a 200mg pill 30 minutes prior to sexual activity, never got even close to an erection, don 't waste your money, Stendra does not work !!!!!!!!
I took a chlamydia test thinking nothing of it, but I can 't swallow tablets therefore have to have it in liquid form. I had my first dose at around 3:50 and second dose at around 7:50. Within those 4 hours I began to feel sick and I don 't get ill often. Just over about an hour later I began to throw up and have diarrhoea, I also couldn 't stop shaking for a while afterwards.
Three days of this drug--Benzoenatate--I suffered SEVERE hallucinations over the course of several days.  I stopped the drug but the hallucinations continued; I stopped all medications and my heart started to race and go into a-fib.  I ended up in the hospital where the hallucinations continued.  Only after 8 days did they go away; only after 5 days off the drug entirely did I get some relief.It did help my cough but at what cost to me, my family, my mental health and my grasp of reality?  Not worth it!!
Not a hit with me, I 'm afraid. Prescribed for my depression (doctor neglected to ask about any further symptoms and I was too embarrassed to share about my intrusive thoughts at the time). Caused some serious ticks including constant yawning, restless leg and twitching eye. I was twitching so badly I couldn 't get to sleep, and I was exhausted constantly while on it (I was up for 3 days once!)The worst part was probably the severe sexual dysfunction, which, a year on, is still lingering around like a bad smell. I still struggle with physical pleasure, and to stay mentally and emotionally engaged in sex. It did dull my depression and intrusive thoughts to some extent, but it also dulled everything else. UK based, so prescribed by NHS GP
WHO INVENTED THIS MEDICATION!!? This burning and itching is unbearable I don 't know how people did more than 1 treatment of this. After ten minutes I took a bath hoping to get the medication out of me. 20 minutes later it 's still excruciating. Worst thing I 've ever experienced. I have no idea how this is on the market. It 's TERRIBLE. I 'd rather have a yeast infection for life then to bear another minute of this.
While this pill did fix my cramps it did Also give me a blood clot after 3 Months of taking it that lodged in my ankle and then I ended up in the emergency room thinking I had compartment syndrome. Stay away.My family has no clotting risk history.
Rapid weight gain!
I had the IUD inserted back in February 2016, around 6-8 weeks after the birth of of second child. The insertion was uncomfortable, but tolerable; I have a pretty high pain tolerance however. Since then, my depression has worsened-- this wasn 't PPD-- I 've gained nearly 30lbs, I have zero libido, developed severe anxiety, have panic attacks, and debilitating migraines. I 'm getting it removed next Friday. If I did this page again, I 'll update once it 's out and the hormones have worked their way out of my system.
This pill did not work for me. After three days  I started noticing severe mood swings, mostly between irrational anger and despondency. My perfectly clear skin also started to breakout, I could never feel satiated (not necessarily hungry but still snacking all the time), unable to fall asleep, and had horrible constipation. I went off the pills and a week later still have most of the side effects, although my insomnia has improved. Definitely not for everyone, hoping it will get out of my system soon!
Because their system  doesn 't let me tell you how bad I felt, now all I can tell is that do not take it!
Was prescribed this after heart attack and had stent in. Have been taking just 30mg of Carmel XL and today will be my last day.  Pounding headache nothing can help. Can only lie down, every tiny movement hurts. Can 't see properly. Not having angina attacks since surgery, so don 't see the point of this medicine, surely a spray when needed is better?  Would not recommend, but feel I have been mis prescribed by hospital.
Why on earth would Brlinita be approved for heart patients when shortness of breathe is a side affect. A pretty sick joke. I was not amused and told the doctor I would not continue taking it, regardless what the drug rep said of the side affect potentially leaving in a few days.
I suffered 75% of side effects &amp; had problems with my heart after taking. Back to the old drawing board for me...
Very expensive and doesn 't work very well.
Old lower back injury that flares up every few years. New doc prescribed gabapentin, 100mg, 1 or 2 tablets depending on pain level. Gabapentin made me nauseous, anxious, and totally decreased my ability to think coherently. That was only one pill. I don 't know how anyone can function on this. Awful!
The first week I took this extremely expensive, heavily advertised drug called Belsomra it seemed to work. After that first week I cannot get to sleep for several hours after taking the pill, which is over-packaged, and wake up 2-3 times throughout the night. I 'm not going to take it anymore!
I couldn 't sleep at all when taking Requip!
I was having probably my 10th colonoscopy and the Dr prescribed this. What a joke. I have had IBS and uncontrollable diarrhea for the past 2.5 months. All this stuff did was constipate me! I was shocked when the Dr came out afterwards and said they had to abort the procedure! I was completely blocked after 2 days of liquid diet and  taking the two doses of Prepopik plus all the water you have to drink after each dose. Two days prior I was having constant diarrhea days prior to this. I don 't know what kind of snake oil this is, but it is unfair to paitients, esp, when their procedure has to be aborted!
Gone up to 6mg per night now, still experiencing staying awake until the early hours then 4 hours sleep, or being awake for 36/48 hours then 6 hours sleep cycle.I 'm at a loss as to what to do next.
by end of day one (2 doses) I felt very tired. Day two I woke up weak, fatigued, achey but was advised to stay on Macrobid as the UTI symptoms had improved. As day wore on (3 doses) I became increasingly tired, no energy, headache, sensation of heart racing, nausea. Another call to provider and they suggested I switch to Cipro. Before I could do that,  an episode of nausea sent me to the bathroom. I passed out, hit my head and ended up hospitalized. I would be very afraid of this medication, considering the other options.
If you were thinking about purchasing this product, please don 't do it. My blurry vision has gotten worse!
My son was put on this med at age 14 after being pre diagnosed as no-polar. Then diagnosed with juvenile depression. Anxiety disorder. Trouble sleeping. Joshua had bad mood swings. He was only to take this once a day. At bedtime. It only made him so tired he won 't get up in the morning. Did nothing for his anxiety or depression.
Caused leg cramps nightly and water retention.
My first yeast infection and I 'm 11 weeks pregnant. Talked to the dr and he prescribed me this monistat from hell. Inserted the cream thinking it would be fast relief. Was I ever wrong!! Itching, burning, rocking back and forth in severe pain. wondering if I did it correctly or if the dr prescribed me the wrong stuff. Attempted to clean it off with a baby wipe but it burned even more so I just sat there crying in pain, hoping it would stop soon. Started researching some natural ways to get rid of yeast infections. I found eating yogurt and garlic, if eaten or inserted in the vagina over night (I know, sounds weird) but I 'm willing to try any alternative just so I don 't have to go through that burning itchy feeling again.
I was on Trinessa for a little under a year. I threw up during the first week of each pack and I was so emotional. I could hardly function both physically and mentally. I don 't know how I made it to school and passed during the first week of the pack and I could not make it to work during the first week of each pack. The second week I was just plain exhausted and could not do much either. The doctor kept telling me those symptoms would go away. I finally called up there as one crying angry woman and they finally changed it for me. I feel great and back to normal now.
I started taking Contrave on 5/4/17. I 've GAINED 2 pounds. It is not worth the $165 it costs. It does nothing to suppress my appetite and gives some monster headaches. It also gave me no energy at all. It actually does the opposite, makes me so sleepy I can barely hold my eyes open. The side effects have subsided some but are still noticeable. I won 't refill the prescription and am only taking the remainder because I paid so much for the pills. I only wanted to drop 20 pounds but this isn 't the diet pill for me.
I had Nexplanon inserted Feb. 15, 2017. At first I thought it was great. My cycle came around March 1st and I bled, with large clots, until June 10th, non stop!! It stopped for about 3 weeks, and started again at the end of June until July 6th. I 've had major depression, thoughts of dying, my anxiety has also been through the roof! I was in the ER over night on July 7th because my blood clot factor was slightly elevated and they thought I had a blood clot in my lungs. I 'm researching now for a different birth control.. I can 't take this depression!
I had surgery on a Thursday and was warned that the pain pills make you constipated, so I already had some Dulcolax pink pills in my cabinet I hadn 't used yet so figured they would work. Surgery was Thursday, and by Monday after I still hadn 't had a bowel movement, so I figured I would take the maximum daily dose - 3 pills - and sleep on it. Woke up, feeling no different than I had since the surgery. Took 3 more with my morning meds. At 7 pm, had a normal bowel movement and felt better. 20 min later though, I suffered the worst cramps and pain I 've ever felt. I LITERALLY lost 3 pounds from shitting. Oh, then I woke up the next morning and had shit the bed - first time ever; hopefully last. It 's now been 24 hours of horrific pain and cramps.
I don 't know if this medicine would have worked or not because after three days I was so weak and dizzy from low blood pressure that I stopped taking it. Better to get up 1-2 x a night to pee than pass out from walking across the house. If you have low-to-normal blood pressure, watch out. Also tried doxazosin/Cardura before this with similar results.
This medication (or birth control) was so awful for me I couldn 't wait to get it out of my body. I endured a full year of it. Ironically, it made me so crazy I wouldn 't have needed birth control to begin with if I was under normal circumstances. Most reviews I have read from other people are positive, but I don 't see many of the negative accounts like I have heard from other women who have taken it. BEWARE YOUR MENTAL HEALTH  and don 't think &quot;it 's just you&quot; if you have side effects like SEVERE mood swings, depression, suicidal thoughts, etc. This medication is/was a nightmare.
While noticing at the time I was taking lyrica I was itching a lot so I found out that one of the side effects was itching and hives. I spoke to my Dr., and he said he was decreasing my dose. After about 3 days, the itching got worse, so I took my self off, against my doctors wishes. I started noticing red spots and my head, arms and back wouldn 't stop itching. I got Benadryl and after 20 days, the itching is still here, but not as much as when I was taking lyrica. If I were you, I 'll stay as far away from that drug, as you can.... I 'm going back to gabpapentin
I was switched to this from Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo and it was a horrible experience. My skin is so oily now and I have breakouts constantly. I have gained about 10 pounds on this pill and I had bad abdominal pain. The timing was an issue also, with other pills it 's not that big a deal if you are half hour late but with this pill even as little as 30 minutes caused heavy spotting. I am switching back to Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo this week.
Medication works great for SHORT TERM usage.  Long term usage can suppress your adrenal glands and suppress your Hypothalmic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
I was prescribed Effexor for fibromyalgia.  Not only did it not help the fibromyalgia, but it restarted the menopausal hot flashes that had been under control.  In doing research for fibromyalgia, I discovered that it can cause hot flashes and other menopausal symptoms to be more intense in women with fibromyalgia.  
I experienced 3 of the most common side effects of Pristiq. I experience nausea, loss of appetite and dizziness. The nausea and loss of appetite were minimal and I could get along with my day. However, the dizziness, in my opinion is not a side effect to be taken lightly. I was so dizzy, I could not concentrate or do well in class. I had to stop taking it because it was disrupting my school work very badly.
I take care of a 94 year old and she came down with a horrible cold with cough. Her doctor prescribed tesslon pearls and within a matter of days she started hallucinating and started going into crazy dreams. She got confused so bad she had no clue who anyone was or that her house was even hers. At the same time she was also prescribed a steroid to help her lungs. Her family would not let me take her off the tesslon pearls. They kept saying it was the steroid. It clearly states in the list of side effects that hallucinating is something that can happen. Read the side effects of this medication before taking it people. Especially when your giving it to elderly!
My psychiatrist gave me sample packs of Viibryd to try out. It was my first antidepressant I had been on. It worked fantastic the first 2-3 weeks. I had no side effect problems, my energy was back to normal, and most importantly, my depression and suicidal thoughts had gone away. After the 3 weeks, everything returned back to normal. I feel worse than I used to before I was on the medicine and my suicidal thought have returned. Maybe it just wasn 't for me.
I never started my period on my own and at the age 17 I was put on BC pills and that  made me pass out so I switched to the depo shot and it made me hurt and very sickish I couldn 't eat so I was then convinced by my doctor to go on the nexplanon and it worked up until I couldn 't eat again or do anything and my mood swings were horrible... I 'm 20 years old now and I am trying to get pregnant with my boyfriend that the only reason I went off of all and any BC meds... But I haven 't had a period since may  . Can I get pregnant still?
I 've always used the ovules in the past, but the store I went to only had pre-filled applicators. Just took one and my parts do feel like they are on fire. I wonder if it is because it 's the cream so it hits your parts all at once? Maybe the ovules are not as bad because they have to dissolve? I 'll tell you though I 'll never buy the prefilled applicators again. This is extremely uncomfortable
I used  it for 8 years and I still kept losing hair. If it is good why are there so many movie stars that are bald? For those that it does not grow hair for will be told you are one of those 20% that does not work.
This medicine did get rid of my pain from a fall.  However, I took it as directed and only had 100mg in my system.  I was woken up approximately 2 hours after the second pill with bad stomach pains and proceeded to have adverse reactions including cold sweats, clammy skin, dizziness which went into vertigo which lasted some 18 hours and I am still not completely stable.  I expect that the fact that I have not been on any prescription pain killers for over 30 years may have something to do with my reaction.  However, the reaction was worse than the original pain.
Made my hair fall out extremely bad. I think this drug made my anxiety worse.
Although the medication did effectively treat my cancer the side effects were so severe that I decided to discontinue use of the drug and try an alternate treatment. Skin rash started on my hands initially and spread to my entire body causing severe itching and scratching which led to something looking like opened bug bites all over. Severe gum irritation described by my dental hygienist as your gums are flapping in the wind, also red swollen gums which caused me to be unable to eat anything not soft. Lost 10 lbs the first two months. Also projectile vomiting, diahrea and nausea. At three months I found it had made me diabetic and raised my triglycerides to over 500.  That 's when I opted to stop treatment.
1 - My 11 yo was placed on this to &quot;increase her appitite&quot;. Guess what? It 's hard to eat when your sleeping all the time. 10mg, 1st day I gave it to her on Friday she slept for 18 hours! For 1 week, I was scared to give it to her before school. So I restarted her by cutting it in half and after 5 days, I gave her the whole 10mg. Today I got THE CALL from her Teacher. She is telling her friends she wants to DIE!!! PILLS ARE IN THE TRASH CAN!
I have JME ( juvenile myclonic epilepsy). My neurologist switched me from lamictal to fycompa. My husband and I were told fycompa was best for my JME. Within 2 weeks my personality changed. I got all the side effects. I have never been in trouble but ended up doing 75   hours in jail cause of it. Luckily I got a doctor who took me off it ASAP and on depakote. I had used depakote about 20 years ago. My husband still loves me and things are getting back on track for us. Like the previous reviewer stated their relationship is shaky due to the drug. I hate fycompa.
This medicine is a nightmare. On it for 7 years after the second year my sex drive vanished and it became a chore. My cycle was normal.  My spouse and I  were fighting over the most ridiculous things. I was blaming him even when it was totally my fault. The moods affected my work, I lost a chance at a promotion, which I blamed my husband  for. Now he convinced me to go to marriage counselling and after a few weeks she started talking about medicine . I did not want to take any mood medicine. I was advised to see my gynecologist about stopping the Yaz / Loreyna . After two weeks of being off it I was feeling great  I was happy about things again. I was not having arguments . I even felt feelings I Had not in years. I feel normal again. Avoid this 
Wanted to give a rating of 0, but that is not an option!  My diagnosis is Primary Insomnia.  Both my doctor and I though this would be the medication that would finally help.  Well, it did not.  Tried 10mg for 3 nights with no luck.  Doctor upped me to 20mg.  Tried 20mg for 3 more night and still did not work.  By the end of 6 days using this junk with so little sleep I was fed up!  Back to alternating my old standbys as they are inexpensive and effective.  My old standby 's are Dalmane (flurazepam) and Luminal (phenobarbital).  My insurance did not cover the Belsomra, the trial voucher was only good for 10 tablets so the rest was paid out of pocket
I was on this birth control for three months. I gained over ten pounds and went from a C cup to a DD. This pill was absolutely terrible for me. I lowered my sex drive and my emotions were so all over the place, I considered seeing a therapist. Seems like a lot of side effects for such a low dose of hormones. Not worth it at all.
Given 5 day trial from treating physician.  Experienced a delayed reaction after taking final dose and broke out in full body hives, literally from head to toes.  Had to be treated then for pneumonia and the reaction with 3 follow up visits.
I have been on Pristiq 5 days, the 1st day I felt great, the 2nd, 3rd, 4th &amp; 5th, my last day as of yesterday has been pure hell. Nausea, constant headache, flu like symptoms, not being able to read the paper or anything, vision really messed up, hot &amp; then cold, total confusion, can 't remember something that happened an hour ago, my skin itches so bad it 's red. I 'm not going to take it ever again, I would rather be depressed, I will take my doctor back the samples he gave me tomorrow &amp; let him know my problems with Pristiq. I know an antidepressant can take time to be effective but I don 't want to risk anymore withdrawal symptoms than what I 'm having after taking this just 5 days. I will never take it again.
I had the worse experience with this Orencia medicine. I kept waiting for the six months that they said it takes to work. In the process, I got worse than ever . It not only didn 't work but made me worse. I was so mad that I waited so long  in vain. I will never try another medication that supposedly take that long to work.
Was on this for a month... i went mental!! I was less anxious but the side effect were really....really bad.  I was extremely depressed and aggressive! I was itchy all over but no rashes and had an awful headache that tramadol couldn 't even touch!!! Went to wedding and spent most of the time in the bathroom just to avoid people. Personally if a GP suggests this drug to you I would say no, GOD NO! But this only from my own experience. I 'm now on Prozac and diazepam because it messed me up so much. Looking forward to some normality in my head!
I had mirena for 3 months and loved it until it came out on its own! I immediately had it replace and it was horrible! My hair fell out, I would have 5 day long migraines, I could feel it when sitting, I was an emotional wreck! I went back in to my doctor who talked me into keeping it, making me feel like I was over reacting and my options of birth control were limited due to having migraines. A month later I broke and couldn 't take it anymore, I called a new doctor and scheduled removal. Upon removal my doctor broke the strings! My mirena had embedded itself into my cervix in just a few short months! Please think twice about this! I feel like doctors may be getting perks from the manufacturer for pushing IUDs so hard.
First reaction was all over tingling and pain. Then my skin felt like something was crawling all over and I still have a headache. I have had similar reactions to Maxalt and Imitrex. 
I had a very negative experience on Champix.5 days in and I 've thrown away the packet. Day 1 I was nauseous and vomiting and had terrifying nightmares, dry mouth, hot sweatsDay 2 My mood changed, I felt like I was in a trance/had been sedated. Still having terrifying nightmares.Day 3,4,5 Sent home from work, feeling severely depressed and exhausted, can 't function.I 'm so upset that Champix affected me like this. I 've read so many great reviews but it just wasn 't for me.I could have dealt with all the side effects if I didn 't work full time. But even customers were picking up on my &quot;zombie&quot; like state.Best of luck to everyone else trying to give up! I 'm going to have to try good old fashioned will power!
First experience with BV was a nightmare just because of the odor and discharge alone. I was scared because I didn 't know where or how I even contracted it. I was a freshman in college and on campus the OBGYN prescribed me Clindamycin. I had no symptoms, just the same metallic taste as the Metronidazole. By the second day it was gone. I had unprotected sex and BV came right back :( a few months passed by and I finally went to get treated &amp; they gave me Metronidazole. Now I 'm on my second prescription of the Met. I 'm on day 2 and hopefully this time BV will vanish.
At first, I found myself with more energy and simply lost my appetite, which didn 't bother me.Then, the second day, I suffered nausea and vomiting. I discontinued the medicine on the second day, but the nausea and vomiting continue.
I wanted to be happy and better liked all around.   Well, depression subsided, was able to apply for jobs, handled my father 's death better than I should have (numb.)  Landed a job with the post office,  thought Effexor was sent from the heavens.  Wrong!   Gave me severe blurred vision.  I first thought that maybe I needed new glasses.  So, I told myself I 'd make that my first priority when I get my first check from the post office.   Well, I was hired for a job that requires driving.   Needless to say, I lost my job immediately after I had gotten the job due to unable to see things (curbs, street signs, license plates)  clearly.  Been off for over a month, and vision remains blurred.  Have reapplied at PO, no call backs.
After taking fosamax for 5 years I was prescribed Prolia in June 2013, I have been hospitalised on 4 occasions with back spasms so severe it took over 2 hrs to get me in the ambulance fully medicated, I then spent 8-10 days in hospital each time waiting for the spasms to stop, after being discharged each time had to use a walker for a week because I couldn 't stand longer than a few steps because of the damage the spasms had caused. No doctor has been able to give me answers until 4 days ago after spending another day in hospital because I spent 2 hrs on the floor in a shopping centre that Prolia is more than likely the reason. I also have ankles which are the size of the tops of my legs, this too has only been in the last 3yrs
Had no effect on me at all.  I had an average of 3 hours of sleep after using it for a week.
Absolutely blooming awful!!!!! Have had this terrible thing in since January 2015 I kept thinking no I 'll keep it in give it a chance! Well with most of the year and 2 months it 's been in my arm I 've spent most of that on my period! Weight gain something awful I, mood swings and my doctor told me that 's not possible (a male doctor with no offence meant) how does he know? Did he have trouble with his implant too?Lol honestly I wouldn 't even recommend this to my worst enemy! No sex drive and I either want to cry my eyes out or feel like I have no heart because I can 't cry! Spotting is putting it mildly I have had normal discharge to brown discharge stomach pains cramps much worse than usual period pains which have always been bad Blood clots!
I have been on Paxil for two weeks and so far nothing. I take 10 mg in morning and another 12 hours later. I hope it kicks in soon. My anxiety has topped out causing my depression to increase. I have lost my appetite, lost 14 lbs.Seeing a psychologist in a week. I 'm a mess.
I had been using products that contained benzoyl peroxide to control my acne.  When I heard that the FDA had approved adapalene for over-the-counter sales I said that I should give it a try - it used to be a prescription drug so it must be good.  WRONG!  I used Differin for over two weeks and all of the while my acne got continuously worse.  So, I went back to benzoyl peroxide.
My mother received this medication for a UT bacteria and it almost killed her. Prior to this medication, she did not have problems w/her kidney and then she was one hour away from Dialysis. Her levels of bun went up to 111 and her creatinine  was 7.6. Since then her Bun has not been  'normal '. It is drug of double edge sword.
I received a second shot of Depo April 2017. I 'm writing this post late June 2017. I have been bleeding for 11 weeks!!! I will not be getting it again
I don 't recommend this at all! I know everyone 's body react different. At least mine reacted negatively. I had my period for 6 months, started having breast pain and discharge, I was always tired, and oh my gosh acne!! Finally, it was a damn painful process to take it out since it was really hard to find it.
I 've had all three injections of Euflexxa and my pain is no different.  The pain in my knee is so severe I 'm in tears some of the time, it 's almost unbearable.  I was hoping this medicine would help me postpone knee surgery, but it looks like that is now my only option.  I had very high expectations for this treatment, I have several friends who had completely successful results.  So very disappointed!  The money spent was totally wasted.
Taken in combo with Ribavirin over a 24 week course, my second treatment since my failed Interferon/ribavirin (24wks) treatment 2 years prior. The Sovaldi treatment failed for me as well and I am beginning another treatment with Sovaldi and another combo that is not Ribavirin.
I switched to this birth control because I stopped getting a period on the last pill I was taking which worried me. BOY WAS I WRONG. My chin area broke out with horrible terrible acne and nothing is helping it to go away. I have constant mood swings and cry at the drop of a pin which is extremely uncommon for me because I 'm normally well tempered and rational. After two months of taking this pill I developed the appetite of a linebacker and am literally starving 30 minutes after eating a meal and have gained some weight and am constantly bloated. Periods aren 't even that much shorter and I still get cramps and have an irregular cycle. I DO NOT RECOMMEND that you take this pill unless you want your life to become a living hell.
Have conic  back pain been on med for the past 12 years when my doc put me on this it went for being able to move without pain to can 't get out of the bed on this stuff and just trying to get it open it awful and don 't stick have the time everyone should not even try it just a waste of time
I 'm 18 years old and have been on Loestrin 24 Fe for about a year and a half. I 'm taking it only for birth control. At first everything seemed okay. I had no spotting, no missed periods, and no weight gain. A couple months in, I noticed a huge decline in sex drive. The mood swings came, and I gained some weight, even though my diet has always been very healthy. And the mood swings were ridiculous! I would cry just about every day for no reason at all, and get so mad over little tiny things. I didn 't know the moodiness and low sex drive could have to do with the birth control I am on, and after doing research I realized what it is.
After using 2 pumps per day for 4 months total testosterone levels dropped from 224 to 174. Worthless product.
This antibiotic did horrible for me, it gives me bad migraines even though i drink a ton of water with it, I 'm on the second day and have a horrible migraine my spine hurts to walk, server leg cramps, joint pain too.. it 's awful.. i will know now to never take this again... my body did not react well. the side effects are not worth it... next time i will be sure to tell my doctor to never prescribe me this again!
Taking 500mg in the morning and late afternoon, I haven 't had any benefits.
I took this medication for a few months in 2015. If you ask me, this medication is placebo. I did not experience any side effects, but no benefit either. 2/10 for not causing any side effects.
I have had hep C for 40 plus years it has not made me sick at all. This is all a scam. Save your $100,000.00
I took Apriso for a year and it was successful in treating my ulcerative colitis. I was then switched to Asacol HD.  My prescription plan eventually decided Asacol HD was too expensive and I was put back on Apriso.  This second course on Apriso was not successful.  It did nothing to alleviate my Ulcerative Colitis symptoms, and produced a number of unpleasant side affects - the worst of which was moderate-to-severe stomach cramps around the clock - even waking me from sound sleep.  Coupled with an incredibly dry mouth that invited multiple canker sores to erupt in my mouth, these symptoms made eating anything very unpleasant;   I lost 15 lbs in the three weeks I was on the Apriso.  As soon as I stopped taking it, the cramping and canker sores disappeared.
HORRIBLE! OH MY GOODNESS! This stuff is burning and itching me! I have been on long term antibiotics and got a terrible yeast infection. I got a prescription for the 1 dose pill for yeast infection which I took three days ago but I still had some itching so I just bought the Monistat 3 and inserted the first dose. It made the itching and burning WORSE!! NEVER AGAIN!
Started taking otezla 12 days ago. I have experienced headache, nausea, fatigue, swollen and painful joints, upper right abdominal pain, swollen belly on the right side, feet pain, back pain, mild diarrhea, no ambition, hoarsness, light colored stools.  I still have to take indomethician for joint inflammation and pain.  I thought this drug would relieve my pain and prevent inflammation and  further joint damage,  instead it has made it worse. I don 't see the advantage of continuing to use it along with an anti-inflammatory drug. I might as well stick with indomethicin.
I LOVED Wellbutrin....until I had a seizure.  I had the seizure within two days of upping the dosage from 150mg to 300 mg.  Saw a neurologist.  Ran the tests and the seizure was attributed to Wellbutrin.  It lowered the seizure threshold.  I wish it hadn 't because for the first time in years I had so much energy.
I have no sex drive and I am always spotting.  The spotting has even gotten worse - now I have two periods a month.  I have been taking the pill for almost a year, and the side effects have not subsided - they have gotten worse.  I had to change birth control because of cost,  I guess you get what you pay for....  Sorry Sprintec my body does not like you.
28yo and never been pregnant. I used ParaGuard IUD for 7 years with NO issue. A year ago my periods got heavy and 3-4 weeks long. Gyne didn 't think that the IUD was the cause. We decided February this year to try the Mirena to lighten my periods. It worked! However, I did have extreme breast tenderness, moodswings, etc. About 3 months later I experienced the worst cramping I 'd had in over 10-15 years and the Mirena was expelled. In June I had a new one put back in. A few days ago (this is August), I had unusual cramping and as of yesterday the second Mirena expelled. I am not pleased. I 'll never use Mirena again. I will go back to using the copper one since there were no side-effects.
I have had insomnia (specific diagnosis is sleep stage dysfunction) for over 4 years. I 've been on Ambien, Ambien CR, Doxepin, Seroquel, Trazodone, Amitriptyline, Restoril, and now Belsomra. I have been following Belsomra and it 's release for about 2 years now, and could not wait for it 's approval! I 'm so disappointed. Last night was my first night on the medication, and I had HORRIBLE nightmares! I laid awake for hours after I took it, and then fell asleep only to wake up periodically with these horrible nightmares. Ambien 10mg worked wonders for me for a while, but then lost its effectiveness as I became more tolerant to the dose. Plus, I had severe memory loss on Ambien, and I do not want to go back to that phase.
I used the three day last night and had to get it out of my vagina immediately. I 've never burned so bad. The cooling wipe was nice. The first day I didn 't actually insert the cream but last night sadly I did. I switched back to seven day. I rather wait it out.
I have been on cortisteroids for about 10 years due to asthma and allergies, many times bronchitis and pneumonia. Asthma very bad this year and have increased use of Symbicort up to 8 inhalations per day, usually 4, no better so doctor prescribed Singular on Monday and 4 days later feeling somewhat clearer but producing more sputum, itchy and trouble resting very hyper.  I will try to stay on it for another 7 days to see if it settles as per the pharmacist. 
I 've had Implanon for about a year and a half. I have to say that this is the worst birth control that I have personally used. After reading some reviews below now I know it is in fact the birth control. I have had severe mood swings, I gained 110 pounds in the year I 've had it. I 've also had hair loss and headaches. This will be coming out within a few weeks, and I can 't wait.
My Doc prescribe this for me because of insomnia after 1 week I still can 't sleep.  I take 5mg.  
Took this because I had a mild YI. As with 90% of the other people I felt like I was dying. I took the one day treatment because I didn 't want to have to deal with 7 days or go to the doctor but dear lord was that a mistake. But for actual helpful tips if you 're like me and reading this too late: soak in a shallow bath with half a cup of apple cider vinegar. It doesn 't make the burning/itching completely stop but it helps, also distract yourself and TRY to stop itching (although that 's impossible) it will help
Aged 54 with no kids and premenopausal. Had my period for over a month with heavy bleeding and cramping. Went to ob/gym for consult on possible uterine ablation and she suggested Mirena 1st to stop the bleeding. I have a retroverted uterus and because this wasn 't a scheduled procedure I was not told to take any pain meds beforehand. It was the most excrutiating pain ever, however, I also had cervical biopsies done just prior to insertion. Not sure which hurt more but I layed on the table for a good 15 minutes after in tears. So far it 's been 2 weeks, heavy flow has slowed to constant spotting and bloated like a blowfish !!  So hoping that things get better so I don 't have to do ablation vs hysterectomy. horrible panic attacks :-(
This medicine was an extremely horrible experience for me. My doctor prescribed it to me for anxiety and day one sent me off the edge. How I felt during anxiety attacks was how this medication made me feel but fifty times worse. I felt like I drank a million milligrams of coffee and was on pins and needles for 8 hours. After reading these reviews I hate that it didn 't have the same affect on me as it did the majority. I hate anxiety but I can 't see myself taking another one of those pills EVER.
I left a review a couple months ago completely happy with this non-hormonal form of birth control. I thought it was perfect. Then, on October 27, 2015 I thought I was having a very bad period and suddenly I started having a miscarriage it ends up. The IUD was in place and  I am just very disappointed that not only did I get pregnant while on the IUD but it is most likely the reason for losing the baby (according to my doctor). Birth control not working is one thing, but birth control causing you to lose your baby is something else. Be careful with foreign bodies in your uterus, because I didn 't think it would happen to me but it did...I am married and we would have certainly kept and loved this baby :(
I began on 5mg in the morning and at night. I became extremely dizzy, flush, and sleepy. I lowered the dosage and got tingles all over my body. I would touch something and the tingles would run up my arm and then up to my head. After a few weeks I became enraged and could not control my anxiety. I stopped using the drug and got a few migraines but the rage is gone.
Respirmat has been a bad replacement for combivent. It has a short time relief for breathing.
Unfortunately is not working on me, a little bit disappointed, I can 't even compare this to adipex, but good luck to any one!
I took Armour for 12 years and it worked great.  Then they pulled it off the market for several years to reformulate it.  It costs about 4 times as much and doesn 't work for me at all.  Hair loss and makes me extremely agitated.I switched to Nature Throid but now Express Scripts is out of that.  I am hoping NP Thyroid works.Maybe Big Pharma be taken down by good government regulations so they can 't  make all the rules for those of us who need medication.
I am 40 with 4 kids. I had my tubes tied but have experienced week long heavy clotting periods for a year. So my gyn talked me into the Mirena iud. She told me I would have no periods after the 6 months mark. Well I have had it now 9 months and I haven 't stopped bleeding. I would have maybe one week of spotting and then back to full blown heavy bleeding. It 's awful!!! I have been bleeding heavily for 3 weeks now with clots and changing a super tampon every hour.  Getting this iud taken out !!!!!! Hate it! My fianc&eacute; and I have gotten use to the mess of trying to have a normal sex life with all this bleeding but it sucks!!!!!
Side effects hit me so hard and fast that I had to stop taking the medicine after half a day.
Horrible horrible headaches.   Have taken nuvigil for years insurance would only cover armodafonil so tried it.   The headache was debilitating and I was still sleepy.    Back to Nuvigil thank the lord
Not very happy with what this is doing to my body. I was prescribed Reclipsen and I 'm now in my second month and symptoms have gotten worse. These include: Swollen, tender breasts (which I wouldn 't mind except for I have fibrocystic breast making even hugging my husband painful), severe fatigue (I thought it might have been the Texas heat but it 's gotten worse even since it has cooled down), SUPER decreased sex drive (I guess that 's a good form of birth control), and hard to lose any weight! These symptoms maybe be magnified since I have a preexisting hormonal problem. Hopefully I can get on something else soon!
I don 't recommend this medicine to anyone unless you enjoy horrible itching, burning, pain, discomfort and irritation. I used it about an hour ago, layed down... starting feeling the itching, and burning right away ran to the bathroom and tried flushing the medicine out. OUCH! Horrible. Do NOT buy!
One year using this crap. I 'm a little overweight and it takes 4 or 5 attempts to finish the injection. Tonight it took six and then I hurled it across the room. The  oversized, painful needle clogs with fat and stops up. NO MORE!
While effective in decreasing my depression, I developed almost every side effect listed, (including anxiety, muscle soreness, unbearable joint pain, excessive sweating, severe memory loss, GERD, dysuria, brain shivers, hypothyroidism, loss of menstruation) and found myself on medications to treat each of them, ultimately using 19 prescription medications to deal with the side effects.  If I could have anticipated the side effects, and the expected difficulty of weaning off this, I would have continued to search for a better alternative.  
I fell thru the ice and drowned ( obviously resuscitated  )  at the age of 17.  In College I started getting terrible panic attacks that had me going to the ER sometimes 2 times a week.  I was put on Buspar and they might as well as given me a TicTac and told me THAT was a Miraclel Drug as well is would have probably been more effective.  Prozac,  Xanax , Valuim ALL seemed to make it worse Clonazepam is THE ONLY Med. that has worked it 's been a life saver.
Norvasc caused extreme leg and ankle edema and did not improve hypertension much. After 6 weeks of use I was put on lisinopril and within 2 days had no more leg swelling and blood pressure lowered greatly. So far so good on new medication.
&quot;I 've had Nexplanon since September 2014, and let me say it 's been bad. I was getting my period and it was lasting about a month, when it used to be only a week. The nurse had told me that after the one year my period was gonna be gone for good. Lies ! It 's March 2016 and ive been on my period since December 2015 non stop! Worst birth control ever. I was on the depo and it was the same was on my period for a month. Im going back to the pill it always worked for me. I wouldn 't recommend Nexplanon.&quot;
ENT prescribed me 1 x 25mg daily for 10 days to treat tinnitus, in case it was caused by a blocked Eustachian tube.  I had a very bad reaction to steroid.  I suffered from severe insomnia, depression and anxiety.  Psychologically, it caused me a lot of pain.  I started tapering off the Prednisolone after 7 days.  My ENT advised to just stop and not taper which concerned me as I was told to definitely taper so I tapered on my own by going down from 25mg -&gt; 12.5mg -&gt; 6.25mg.  I still suffered from the same psychological issues for 10 days afterwards.  Eventually my GP prescribed me Valium.  After taking 1 x 10mg valium, I found I returned to a normal psychological state (no anxiety, no depression and sleeping fine).  Tinnitus was not helped.
My anxiety is much more acute than before starting this medication.
I am prediabetic.  My Doctor started me on Tanzeum and so far I have been nothing but sick! Body aches, diarrhea, and vomiting for 6 days and counting!
I was prescribed this drug after my third stroke ,after one week I found severe joint pains, knee, elbows, shoulder, after another week the aches spread wrist, ankle and spine.I stopped taking it but after a further two weeks my symptoms persist.
One 60mg tablet made me so sick. I threw up all day. When I wasn 't throwing up, I was sleeping. 
I had a yeast infection for the past 3 days, went to my doctor and be gave me the one time pill that usually relieves symptoms in 24 hours. It didnt so I bought monistat-7. I did exactly as the instructions said and waited to insert before bed. I layed down immediately after and instantly the itching was intensifying by the second. I had a burning sensation. I 'm in tears rolling back and forth in bed. I took a shower and tried to push the rest out and it helped but it definitely didn 't go away. I work at 6am and it 's almost 12am. Wish me luck! I am never using this product again if my life depended on it.
I hated this method. I 've been on it for two months and I 've bled every single day since. I would not recommend it at all! I was so disappointed not to mention how it totally ended my sex life.
Has not helped with anixiety at all. Just makes me terribly sleepy, so I cannot take it during the day
Rash, goosebumps even when hot, odd blood pressure swings, scalp tingling and other problems.  Was taken off it fairly quickly.
My husband and I had sex without protection (drunk) on04/06/15. Took levonelle (1st time) 12hrs later and pretty sure I ovulated on 06/06/15 (very sensitive to my cycle). No nausea or cramps after taking MAP until 08/06/15. Lower abdominal cramping since then (6days now) and moderate nausea (on and off). Had brown discharge yest (13/06/15) and thought period coming but then it stopped. Had a little brown discharge earlier today again and then this evening I am so bloated, have a pinchy, crampy feeling (like ovulation pain) and had a yellowish discharge. Just took paracetamol as I feel so awful and can 't get to sleep. Am I pregnant or has this pill just seriously messed with my hormones? Anyone else felt like this??
Effective. However, because of issues with possible Bladder Cancer reports, my new Endocrinologist immediately took me off Actos. Also, nausea and vomiting side effects.
I started off on 100mg for anxiety for 6 months now my doctor bumped it up to 600mg a day....It doesn 't work for my aniextyIt works good for my nerve pain in hands, legs, arms....It 's not a good Medicine for anxiety
I have been on this for over 2 months.  On max. Dosage.  Nothing.  Has not helped with my depression  at all. Going to call my Doctor today.
So I took plan b less than 12 hours after sex and I ended up pregnant . I am not sure what the chances of this happening are but it definitely happened to me. Expect the unexpected. If it happened to me it could happen to anyone, anything is possible... I took it for a reason and now I have to face something life changing.
I am a victim of bad diagnosis my brain scan has revealed a normal brain I have suffered from concussion which has led to irritable behaviour nothing else.My medical practioner is not honest as I am 62 years old and this drug is not indicated for my ageI have had differences with my family and disputes in property which has led to unethical relations to force this treatment on me.It 's voluntary to go to psychiatric institutions but I have been forced into it.In the past I was treated with clozapine which led to tumors in my stomach and bone pain. I have also been treated with olanzapine which caused insulin resistant diabetesI have treated side effects with citrus peels and high doses of vitamins for diabetes and tibetan medicine for tumors
Trinessa was an awful experience for me. I wasn 't on it very long until I started having bad side effects. I had vaginal itching, mood swings, depression and increase in acne. After experiencing depression I soon quit taking it and my period started. Trinessa had also caused my period symptoms to be much worse.
Ditto on rebound sleepless when discontinued. I have done very strange things with no memory including taking additional Ambien. It has helped me sleep when under extreme stress but watch out. Now I am trying to learn how to sleep naturally.
Did not help even a little for my panic attacks and anxiety. In fact it caused my depression to relapse after years of being ok.
This medicine isn 't working for my sciatica. Makes me irritable but no other side effects or relief from pain. 
Absolute worst. Dizzy/nauseous for a month. Migraines...it was hard work . Finally realized it was those pills. After being off of them a week, I feel better.
I had a severe side-effect of naproxen. I had some inflammation in my left knee and it was bothering me with sitting down, so I showed it to the doctor. I was prescribed Naproxen 500mg twice a day for 5 days. I took three tables in 36 hours (making sure after lunch and dinner and with plenty of water) and after taking second pill on the fist day, I had terrible time. I couldn 't sleep, have severe funny feeling in my stomach, right under my ribs and just above the stomach. I had strong empty-stomach feeling all the time. The feel for my whole body was terrible and I feel super-sick. I didn 't throw up or had loose-motions but had lots of stomach pain and extreme heart-burn. I stopped taking medicine after 3 pills and informed my doctor.
My neurosurgeon prescribed this medication for me after having a lumbar fusion. I was in so much pain, I wanted to cry!
I took Macrobid for a Bladder infection, no real side effect other then exhausted all the time. Finished the 7 days on the 8th day symptoms were back by the 9th day.
Wish I could say it was effective, but I could not get past the side effects within the first week. I was light-headed,dizz, faint and did not feel much like myself. The doctor told me I needed an adjusting period. By the second week, it was too much and I stop taking the pills. So now I 'm wearing a nitroglycerin patch and carry Nitro pills with me at all times. I 'm  on an EECP machine which dilates vessels and supposedly  encourages new vessel growth. This treatment is 5 days a week, 1 hour per session for 7 weeks.
I took one 140 mcg capsule and within 20 minutes got cramps. I had severe watery diarrhea that literally shot out of me for almost 2 hours. It scared the hell out of me. I would compare it to the bowel prep before a colonoscopy. Never again.
Within 3 minutes of inserting the 7 day cream, I started to experience burning. It increased by the minute until it was unbearable burning. I took a shower trying to get all of it out, that didn 't help. At this point it was 2 in the morning and I was experiencing one of the worst pains of my life. The extreme burning was actually causing pain. I ended up going to the ER. Not ever using Monistat again. Really recommend researching before using any topical cream.
I was given the depo to slow the bleeding of my heavy periods because I am anemic.  I have only taken one shot and am due for the second in a week or so, I will be refusing to have it. I have been bleeding for over a month non stop. Horrific cramps in my abdomen, extremely heavy bleeding, and blood clots almost the size of golf balls. I am suprised I still have a boyfriend considering the mood swings and lack of b attention he gets since I 've been on the depo. I DO NOT recommend this product.
This drug is the devil. It destroyed my life. It took everything that made me who I am away from me &amp; locked it in a little box. I didn 't notice my personality changing, I didn 't notice how heavily I 'd started to drink because it was creating more symptoms than it was treating. My partner, also on Cymbalta for slightly longer than I (probably still on it) also changed... He went from kind &amp; considerate to selfish &amp; cold. He avoided conflict at all costs when I met him, when we parted ways he would happily start arguments.Yes, Cymbalta helped me for about 2 months, but from there it was all side effects (apart from the aforementioned) of uncontrollable sweating &amp; mood swings on top of the depression &amp; anxiety it was supposed to be treating
I switched over to taytulla from apri because it promoted to have lighter periods, but this pill has caused more problems in my life than I could have expected. In just the first month, I suffered anxiety, mood swings, depression, nausea, cramps, and a huge cyst on the side of my head. We 've been cautious in bed so I don 't think I 'm pregnant, but I haven 't gotten my period yet, which has caused my anxiety to skyrocket even more. Being on this pill has made me feel less of myself than any other medication. I 'll be switching back to apri next month as I 'd rather have heavier periods than all of the above!  That all said, this is my experience with Taytulla; other women might have a different, more positive one.
I took this medication to get some relief from severe allergies.  It helped with the allergies but I ended up in the ER with chest tightness and some tingling sensations in my chest.  I had a battery of tests on my heart, all was fine.  This medication made me feel bad on one day, worse on the second day with the chest discomfort.
Tolerated 5mg so was bumped up to 10, tolerated that and was bumped up to 15. AT this point, I 'm so confused and disoriented by the Abilify that I can 't tell the difference between real life and the fever dreams it gives me.
Have been in severe pain for 3 weeks, after receiving physical therapy.   Had spinal surgery in April and neurosurgeon ordered PT to strengthen back muscles.   The PT was strenuous .. especially the way my left leg (formerly  hip replacement surgery) was manipulated.  Severe pain in the hip area.   Doctor prescribed the 6-day  Prednisone pack .. for inflammation .. but the severe pain still exists.   I am running out of option.   Scheduled for an MRI.     Could be a tear in the muscle or torn ligament .
On the third day of treatment at 2 pills per day I started to feel better, then on the fourth day I felt like it was getting bad again. I 'm now going back to my regular doctor to try getting something that works. IMO The doctors today are so very afraid of prescribing any antibiotics that will work that they are hurting their patients more than helping. I 've got a compromised immune system due to cancer from 2009. I waited till I knew my own system wasn 't going to heal itself before going in to a urgent care. Then I 'm given Doxycycline..a medicine that 's for something that 's easy to be rid of.Todays Ds. worry about giving enough pills &amp; strong enough pills because they fear overuse of them, meanwhile people go around half sick!.
Did not alleviate my pain at all.
Ten years ago I was on the  'depo ' shot and instantly began experiencing massive bleeds like excessively severe periods. My dr said you just have heavy periods  lets keep up with these shots! Well one day I woke up with a swollen stomach and started to pass out. When I made it to the hospital I had already lost OVER HALF my blood volume. I was operated on immediately.  They told me the depo thinned the lining of my uterus to the point of having just open veins... so the lining would clot with all the blood which then forced it UP through my tubes and into my abdominal cavity (retrograde menstruation). coma! Then it caused a massive TUMOR on my liver that I can 't have surgery on. THIS SHOT MUCKED MY LIFE UP.
I was on this medicine at first 200mg a day then 400mg. I turned into a completely different person. I 'm normally a happy, positive &amp; outgoing young woman. On Zonisamide I became extremely irritable &amp; depressed. I flipped out over the littlest thing. I also lost a lot of weight because my appetite essentially disappeared. I weighed about 135lbs when I started and dropped to 113lbs. I finally had enough when the depression kicked in. I would have suicidal thoughts multiple times a day. It was scary and debilitating! I cried a lot, for no good reason. My performance at work and my relationships were suffering so I called my Dr. and switched to Lamictal.
My son experienced adverse reaction the morning after 1st dose (1 spray per nostril ) he complained of headache I thought was just because of his colds, he coughed more frequently and late in the afternoon he has low grade fever then he complained his legs ache, I relate all these with different things like another cold, too much playing , then I read the drug info thats when I had a hunch, so after second spray I observed his reaction on the first 2 hours , then the coughing happened again .I will stop the spray now and find a way to talk to the doctor tomorrow. I gave him Benadryl syrup and nebulize him with salbutamol . His usual treatment during attacks...
I have suffered from Insomnia for many years. I have recently been on Trazadone with a occasional Valium.. the combination was working. But I wanted off the combination fearing I had been on them too long. My Doctor prescribed Belsomra 10 mg 1 at bedtime. HA, No freaking luck. I feel like I am taking a sugar pill. This medication is a JOKE. Normally this would have been a $300.00 trial but because of my past history I got a Pre-Auth and it was only $40.00. I to wish I could get my money back. I have now lost 2 nights sleep and can not afford another night. I am going back to my Trazadone tonight.
In 5 months, I gained 25lb. And my weight lost control. I had to stop taking this.
I have been sick for the a few days and on top of that ended up getting a yi, great. My boyfriend being the wonderful guy he is went to the store and get me moistat 1. I figured, like everyone else, that it would work faster then the 3 day that I used last time. I inserted the egg just before bed and slept through the night. When I woke the next morning the pain was almost unbareable. I tried taking a bath, blasting it with the water, and ice packs, but it just kept getting worse before bed the following day I looked... bad idea, my vag looked like a crime scene, there are open sores and it 's very swollen almost looks like it was dipped in acid. DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT!!! NOT WORTH IT!!!!!
I was prescribed this for sleep and my doctor told me it has multiple uses and can be used for Bi Polar as well. Unfortunately this medication causes auditory hallucinations I am a 24 year old male and I will have to have a talk with my doctor about this.
I have been taken hydrocodone for years. My doctor wanted me to try the Tylenol 4. It did absolute nothing for the pain at all. He switched me back to the hydrocodone.
I started taking Gianvi when my pharmacy switched to it from the yaz knockoff I had been taking. My periods were out of control. Some would be two weeks, I had more periods days than non bleeding days over the course of two months which made me EXAUSTED. I gained about 30 pounds as well during the course of that time, despite walking an average 13,000 steps a day. And no. That was not muscle. I can no longer fit into most of my professional clothes, and have actually ripped and over stretched a number of items.
I honestly don 't know how many stars to give this medication as much as I 've never had such an experience. I was in a coma light sleep when my therapist came, I heard myself say &quot;we need to go to the airport&quot; when actually I never said anything at all. I felt drunk waking up, started losing my hearing, it got cloudy. I only took it a month but being in that state of mind frightened me.I gave it up and my hearing is mostly back about 98 percent but my balance and coordination still suffers from the medication but has improved since I stopped it. I was so upset that I called the FDA and reported my experience, I would hate for anyone to go through that.On the plus side? When I was awake and aware and not &quot;drunk&quot; it did help my manic episodes.
I have had it since April 2015.  I decided to have it removed.  While using this birth control, I have gone from 180 to 220 (even with exercise).  I have found myself to become depressed and started using Wellbutrin (150mg).  Originally, I did not want to have the the BC removed, however, the bad outweighed the good (health-wise).  I have used the IUD (constant yeast infections), the depo (weight gain).  I have not tried the pill because I just wouldn 't remember to take it, so I have decided to get my tubes tied.  This option is not for everyone, but I am older, divorced and already have 3 children. Try it, if you see negative signs, have it removed right away don 't wait like I did, research and try something else.
Nothing new that isn 't already listed on here multiple times. I started taking this medication about a month ago and noticed within the first week terrible mood swings, severe nausea, and a huge change to my motivations and relationships.  Although I haven 't gained any weight I constantly feel bloated and feel bigger than ever in my stomach area.  I 've never had headaches in my life but since taking this medication they have become something common.  I would never recommend this medication to anyone. Aside from the terrible feeling it makes you have, it really does put a strain on your relationships and desires to be productive throughout the day
Omg....the pain!!!!! I was put on antibiotic. For pneumonia and bronchitis and ended up with a YI... so i got the one day treatment got $24, at 830pm I popped it in by 9:53pm I was in so much pain , it burned so bad and still is burning. Its now 11:33pm it burns so bad im in tears baling... and I am contemplating removing my shower head from the hose to flush it out. I am in tears and afraid to move. With the slightest shift I feel like I am re-lighting the torch inside me.  Do not do this treatment....and these people who say they hardly feel a thing.... yeah they have vaginas cloned from superman DNA... i would rather do natural no pain meds child birth again before doing this treatment again!
This gel has been horrific for my skin. As a result of taking it I have come up with an allergic reaction on my neck and around my eyes which is so painful, itchy and red. I really wouldn 't recommend trying it unless you are really desperate. I have read a lot of other reviews where people said this happened to them too - but the GP never informed me of the potential side effects.
My first expulsion happened two days after insertion. Tried using Paragard again, and my body rejected it after a week.  I like the concept on Paragard and I wish it would 've worked for me.
So I was initially prescribed Lexapro over this past summer. It was supposed to help out with my mood and overall sense of well being. After taking it for about two weeks in a row, my doctor told me to stop taking it and switch to Trintellix, since the Lex was causing an unbearable amount of drowsiness. I stopped going to work because on average, I 'd get out of bed after 12 or so hours of sleep. Ridiculous, but I figured it would be worth powering through. It wasn 't until my mood started getting worse, like I was running on 4 hours of sleep and didn 't study for a final every day. Trintellix has so far been a godsend, no adverse side effects. Unable to refill the trin at the UC, I went back to lex, and after 2 days, the dread was too much...
I was also switched from Aviane to Orsythia.  I am halfway through month two, and the fatigue, bloating and nausea are so bad I actually thought I was pregnant!  I will be stopping mid-pack as I spent the entire day at work trying to not get sick all over my desk.  I 'm also waiting for my doc to write me a new prescription.  
I went to the doctor because I was having chills, high fever, and muscle pain. They tested me and said I got the Flu. They prescribed me Tamiflu but before I left the doctors, they gave me 600mg  of motrin which immediately resolved my fever and muscle pain. Later when I got home I took Tamiflu and the next 2 days I had extreme abdominal cramps. On a scale of 1-10 the pain was a 10, and this was continuous the entire day. I would constantly wake up in the middle of the night due to my abdominal cramps, diarrhea, and vomiting.  I have never felt a worst pain in my life until I took tamiflu. I was way better off without it, the medication was expensive as well.
This is the 1st time I have ever had to use a product for a YI. Never again. Writhing around wanting to  die with intense burning and itching. Way worse than  the YI. Calling my Gyn in the morning, will not do this to myself for 2 more treatments.
I 've been taking paxil 20mg but I just started I 'm in five days and I only take 1/2 before bed and at first it was great now I 'm still experiencing panic attacks and finding my self crying and seeing and hearing things why did it stop working or what should I do I 'm suppose to take 1/2 for seven days then after take the whole one every nite do I need a upper dose or it 's not for me IDK what to do some one please let me know what to do
I wish I would have read this before buying. My second YI &amp; the store I went to doesn 't have many options to choose from only Monistat &amp; generic for Miconazole. First night felt extreme burning upon inserting started to lessen after a few min. But oh my, I was scared I actually burned my insides off. 30 min here I am typing this. I 'm glad I don 't have it as bad as most. Its actually going away now. Not sure wether to try the second day though. I survived tonite. It 's obvious the 3day one is much worse since it has more mg of medication. No itchy feeling here thank God. Do not buy this.
I am a 51yr old female and started taking Brintellix about 3 weeks ago.  Nausea and vomiting since day 1 that has gotten progressively worse as I 've increased dosage per my Dr 's orders.  I have bruises on my sides and back from the constant itching.  I 've just gone thru one of the most stressful times of my life and I feel like this medication not only didn 't help but made me feel so much worse. I 've been a coffee drinker for 30 yrs and I can 't even stomach that in the mornings anymore.
I got the Mirena inserted on the 1st September 2015 and the procedure was painless and quick BUT I have been bleeding heavily ever since it has been 6 weeks straight bleeding heavily and there 's even big clots in the bleeding. I am so uncomfortable it 's not even funny. I actually thought this product will solve my heavy periods problem but honestly it has made my life a living hell. I contacted my Gynae and he prescripted some anti-antibiotics when I finish that course if the situation doesn 't change I am definitely going to take it out. I can 't live like this really
I tried this medication for the first time for depression a few years back and it really didn 't agree with me. Woke up in the middle of the night in a complete panic crawling out of my own skin, heart racing sheer terror. I 'm a nurse and I know this drug works for some people but if you are sensitive to side effects I would be careful of this one as it is a combination antidepressnt. Needless to say I never took another Effexor again and really wished I was warned of how bad the effects of this one could be.
Sometimes I think  that someone employed by Celexa inc create the responses I read on this site. Most of the positive experiences do not seem likely. Celexa has been a nightmare for me. It makes me so angry. I 'm from the big easy and would like to consider myself laidback. I have a very strong belief the reason this medication is prescribed so frequently is so the docs or the powers that be can receive the kick back from by pharmacy. I truly believe that. I 'm going on month 4 and currently take 40mgs. I cannot report any positive effects. I can attest to a loss in libido, rashes, depression, weight gain, dry mouth, loss of appetite, aches and I can go on. And the only reason I take it is to obtain the medication that I do get relief from.
Ive never have a YI before tried monastat 7 day for the 1st time n my vag is on fire as well. Im actually fine thru out the day but i use the meds n bam fire. Unfortunately im gonna use meds til the end hopefully it does the job.
Bought Monistat 1 Pack with thr wipes and the anti itch cream. 3 hours later my vagina is burning and itching worse than the YI. The cream makes the itching worse. I 've used Monistat years ago (I rarely get YI) and it worked fine then. I don 't know if they changed the formula or what but I do not recommend this at all.
8 days on Factive - cured the bronchitis - worsened everything else. On the 8th day I got an allergic reaction that got even worse on the next day, swollen lips, unbelievably itchy rash covering head to toe. Took nearly a week of treatment.  Had to get injections to calm it down. A quick look on the internet shows that this reaction is common after having finished taking the medicine.
I 'm 20 and this is my first YI,  and was told by my mom to go ahead and get this product,  that is had fantastic reviews. However,  now as I lay in bed itching like crazy,  I 'm reading reviews and I see I 'm not the only one  with this issue. I 've been itching for a few days so I told my Mom and went to the store to get some Monistat 7-Day. This is the first night of use and I  was excited to get this fixed.  However,  this itching is unbearable.  I couldn 't  fall asleep and I 've woken up at 4 am because of the insane itching. The only slight relief I can get is laying on my back.  I want to rinse this cream out so bad,  but if it gets rid of this YI,  I 'll deal with the horrific itchiness. Please, anyone reading this,  avoid this product.
This medicine at 5mg a day every day for a month was terrible. It made me have panic attacks and made me super paranoid, i was paranoid before but it made it even worse, would not recommend
Took this medication a little over a year ago. Terrible, terrible experience. Slept almost all day and when I wasn 't asleep I was in constant panic to the point of tears. It 's hard to remember a time in my life (even with anxiety and depression) where I cried more. I have found however that I am very sensitive to meds and so I 'm sure this was part of it. Would not touch it with a 10-foot pole.
The nexplonon   Horrible.  I got in on February  12 2016 .missed my period in march and been bleeding and spotting since  the 23rd of march and today  is April 17. I hate it.. I 'm unable to have sex . So I guess that 's  how  its stops  you from  getting  pregnant  because  of constant  bleeding.  I have  headaches,  no weight gain. . I got it because  i thought  it will stop my periods  or atleast  a few periods a year. Doctor 's  says  everything will be back  to normal after 6 months  well  we will see.
Worst birth control I have ever taken. I 've been on samples of Lo lo estrin FE for a year and a half, and it was great but so expensive. Got prescribed this and I hate it. I originally went on birth control for terrible cramps, vomiting, and really heavy periods. This birth control brought those all back, and worse.
I was on Humira for 6 months to treat my severe Crohn 's Disease.  Because of it, I now I have psoriasis.  
Cipro is horrible poison and it has had a negative impact on my quality of life.  I took 500mg 2x day for prostatitis.  On day 5 I developed severe fatigue, brain fog, neuropathy, severe anxiety, and blurred vision.  My prescription was for 10 days but I stopped taking it that day. A few days later I developed Achilles tendonitis and was unable to walk for 3 weeks.  Recovery has been slow, challenging and expensive; one year later (almost to the day) I am still not recovered although I am better.  I learned a painful and expensive lesson:  I will never ever again in my life take a fluoroqinolone antibiotic or blindly trust the judgment of an allopathic physician.  The not-so-silver lining is it did nothing for my prostatitis.
Unfortunately was unable to affectively try this product. I experienced severe burning in my eyes following application. I contacted Allergen (manufacturer of Restassus) immediately with my side effects and they offered a complete refund. Thrilled that I was able to re-coup my money as this was a VERY expensive prescription ($1400/cash... 3 month supply). I am impressed with their support and willingness to refund.
Just started sovaldi/ribavirin. I 've been through 3 courses of treatment for hepcg2 since 1992, interferon alone, peginterfon ribavirin, the same again but increased doses. In each case viral load was undetectable for 3months but then reappeared.Each time the viral load increased from 3m to 8m to 12m to the present  22m. And each time the percentage for a successful completion of the course of treatment go down. I hope this time will be different, but not confident it will.       As for side effects, they 've become old friends. (the kind your glad to see go)Hang in there.
This injection is only effective if you have mild arthritis. If you have almost no cartilage left it is useless. I wish I had known this before I tried this injection. I have moderate-severe arthritis and got a week or 2 of relief.
Tried the 2 mg dosage of Lunesta and it did not even make me drowsy.  Ambien still works after about 10 years of use but I am having to use it more frequently and in higher dosages.
Somewhat effective but side effects were overwhelming. Nervousness, insomnia, and mental fogginess.
I 'm not sure if I 'm the only one with this problem. But after taking this antibiotic for an ear infection my throat started swelling up and I was having shortness of breath and weird chest tightness. I stopped the mediation right away, eventually the throat swelling went away but I 'm still having shortness of breath 3 days later. I would not recommend this medication.
I 've been on Armour for over 3 months now, and my TSH and T4 levels are only getting worse. I go to the Doctor every 3 weeks to have my blood drawn and there has been no improvement!  Every time I go to the Doctor they keep having to up the dosage 30mg, and each increase I feel worse and worse.  My hair has fallen out, I feel lethargic and achy all over, I can 't sleep at night and when I finally do get to sleep I wind up staying in bed for 13 hours!  I have no energy. 
Took this for depression and bipolar, made my mood plummet to the point feeling absolutely nothing inside. Can 't move, watch tv no enjoyment from anything. Horrendous medication.
I did well on vagifem. Now on Yuvafem the itching is ridiculous. It does help the vaginitis smell but I am itching like mad!  I thought I wasn&rsquo;t doing it regularly enough or too much so I tried both for a month each. Now I am calling the doctor to cancel this prescription. I can&rsquo;t afford vagifem right now but THIS ISN 'T WORKING.  And yeah, the pills all fall out of the applicator and don&rsquo;t seem to dissolve well. Plus so much environmental waste!!
My dad had 1 shot of Lupron at age of 80 for elevated prostate cancer. He lost control of his muscles, was unable to walk and accelerated his dementia. My dad passed away 10 months after the shot.
I  don 't Like being a monthly It is 7 days now and I have not stopped yet
It started to help in the beginning then a month later I got the worst breakouts. 
Didn 't work. I was given on top of Remeron. It helps in away. But I needed some energy boost.Hoping Wellbutrin would work.All my anxiety and sucidal thoughts all hit me like a truck.Had to discontinue taking.
Cleared my acne super well and made my period regulated, but I 've gained 20 pounds in the past 8 months using it. my metabolism has slowed down, and my whole self confidence is just gone because of my weight gain.
I was struck with crippling anxiety and panic attacks when I was 20, I am now 37.I was prescribed Paxil and started on 20 mg. Stayed on the med for 6 months. It didn 't do anything for me but make me a robot, phased out of my own life and like I was just on auto pilot. I informed my doctor that I wanted to opt out and that I didn 't want to try any other meds. So I dropped to 10 mg for two weeks, then 5 mg and off. The reason why I am writing this after 17 years is because I started having abnormal heart beats, Tachycardia, while getting off of the med, as soon as I dropped to 10mg. Even though I got through the anxiety and am completely free today, the Tachycardia remains. There are much safer options today.
I have been on the depo shot for over a year now and I regret having it done! Everyone 's bodies are different! But my experience wasn 't good put it that way. I always have bad headaches and belly ache. The main problem for me was the weight gain I used to be size 12 now I 'm size 16-18!!! I always feel depressed and get very moody over little stupid things! I am coming off this and very much considering going on the copper coil as this doesn 't have any hormones. Some advice if you have had problems on the pill or anything you will probably get this on the depo. Also I haven 't had any periods on this which was the only good thing.
Awful!!! Worst acne of my life, heavy periods, weight gain, and discharge. Been taking for 3 months and stopped now for a week face is finally clearing up. Won 't take it again.
It gave me a brownish dishcharge that would not go away until I pulled it out for good.  It also did not stay flush  to my cervix as I expected it would.
This DID NOT work for me. It made my stomach hurt constantly and after 2 and a half months my skin had gotten noticeably worse. This caused depression and just overall sadness. This drug hurts your stomach, and makes your acne worse. Do not recommend.
I was taking sprintec and never had any issue there. Then I moved and the new pharmacy gave me this generic one. I thought they would be the same and I was completely wrong. I took them for three nights just to get my body used to the change. Each night the pain got worse and worse. I was waking up at 2am with terrible abdominal pains and I could not stop throwing up. I stopped taking them yesterday and today my stomach is feeling a little better. I am now going to get back on sprintec.
I 'm on week 11 of my pack. Started off fine with no spotting. I have now been spotting with no break for the past 3 weeks. I have to wear a pantyliner everyday. Also the packaging on this brand is horrible!
What a nightmare! Diagnosed with Fibro 2 months ago. Was put on Cymbalta, which did nothing for me at all. Doctor switched me over to Lyrica, and the nightmare began. Three hours after the first dose, I was dizzy, nauseous, shaky, and started having trouble with my balance. I decided to try and stick it out since I had heard such great things about the medication. By the 4th day and 4th dose, I couldn 't function. I couldn 't walk without holding on to something (like the couch or a wall), I was so nauseous I couldn 't hold down food, my head wouldn 't stop spinning, and I was suicidal! When I finally realized I QUIT THE MEDICINE!
I started on the shot in  May of 2017. The whole point was to control my bleeding from my fibroids. As June rolled around, I got my period, which progressed into July and August and got progressively heavier. This last month, my clots are bigger and bigger and I usually wear the 10 hour overnight pads during the day. Although they last me about an hour. It 's ruined my life, my clothes, my sheets
Right after the first dose, I experienced the worst stomach cramps, gas, bloating...all the way into my chest. It seemed to help my sinus infection, but nothing is worth that type of pain. I couldn 't keep food down, I don 't have issues with acid reflux, until I started taking augmentin. I tried one more dose, before I quit and I went to my regular doctor, and he agreed that this stuff is harsh on your stomach, and changed to different antibiotic. I tried drinking a lot of water, yogurt, and I increased my intake of probiotics, but so far nothing is helping. I am hoping this horrid feeling will go away eventually.
6 weeks of constant bathroom use, oily skin that cause clogged glands in my eyes, terrible body stiffness and aches..no energy, fatigue... But HEY it did lower my triglycerides from 231 to 230--all while raising my total cholesterol 21 points, lowering my hdl by 2 points, and raising my ldl by 23 points. Also raised my blood sugar a bit too. So in summary in 6 weeks of suffering just to be in worst health. I would give this medication a 0 if I could
I first went on Lexapro 10mg in 2010. I was previously on Paxil and Klonipin and while they weren 't too bad I wasn 't myself. I switched to Lexapro 10mg and it immediately helped me. I felt great except for some weight gain. In 2012 I began to get depressed and than due to some high stress situations I had a small panic attack which then followed with the return of GAD. My doctor increased the dosage to 20mg and also added Klonipin. This only made we feel worse. I finally switched to Effexor and Remeron which was better but not great. last year I decided to give Lexapro another shot and it 's been 5 months that I 've been on it. Unfortunately I have also had to take Adivan and the experience has been horrible. This week I will switch to Zoloft
I was given this to help as a sleep aid. I lost my infant daughter couple weeks ago
I have previously been on yasmin for around 8 years. Before this, I was taking Dianette. Yes, the yasmin pill was an effective treatment for controlling my acne, but I didn 't realise whilst taking it that I was actually suffering from side effects. These included a huge appetite, constant fatigue, migraines, mild depression, anxiety, mood swings, and the rare side effect of excessive sweating. I have since come off the pill now for 4 months and all these issues have slowly resolved, although the depression and anxiety increased for 2 months after coming off. My acne has returned with vengeance at the age of 28 and my hair has thinned a lot because of all the hormonal changes. DON 'T TAKE IT! YOU WILL PROBABLY REGRET IT IN THE LONG RUN!
This shot has caused me so many issues. I got it only once. Before the shot, I had abnormally heavy periods that lasted 6 days, and to be honest I 'd rather go back to that. My body has had so many issues. The first month, things were fine. The only issues I had within the first month was headaches and nausea (the nausea got EXTREMELY severe at times, I actually had to grip onto my boyfriend just to get stable or lie on the floor). Then came the second month, EXCESSIVE SPOTTING. I also got major depression and hated everyone. I am currently on my third month of the shot and I am still spotting heavily, and sometimes bleeding. Due to the shot, I am now anemic and facing heading to the ER, but I can 't because I do not have insurance.
I 've been taking Seasonique for almost 9 months now. First month is fine, I don 't get my period or any bleeding or any other side effects.As soon as the second month is almost over, I start spotting and I don 't stop spotting until I receive my period at the end of the 3rd month. I spot for months straight and it 's actually ridiculous. This pill is very expensive and it 's only supposed to give 4 periods a year yet all I do is bleed. The spotting is little-to-no blood which is very annoying. My sex drive is non-existent which ultimately makes being on the pill completely pointless.
Skyla was the first form of birth control medication I have experienced. The insertion was extremely painful and since the IUD was inserted I have been in debilitating pain. The type of cramps I have received since the IUD was inserted are the type of cramps that hindered me with walking and even speaking. I was told to give the IUD a try for at least a month and it was horrible. I have had to wear tampons every day because I have had brown bloody discharge for 30 days straight. I&rsquo;m getting this IUD removed this week, and I cannot wait to have a pain free life again. Oh, and I started my period today and the pain is even worse, although I&rsquo;m not gushing blood, the pain is preventing me from having a normal life.
Used Toradol for intractable Migraine Headaches. It did not cut the pain at all.
Worst burning pain and internal itch of my life. So unbearably uncomfortable. Wish I could give this product a -10.
Did not like the way the medication made me feel after.
This product caused sinus infections. It never brought any relief for me. Nasonex works for me. It stops my nose from running uncontrollably while outside.
I 'm only a few days in on my 1st injection  and can not wait till its gone thru me. I will doubtfully be continuing this med. I was told about the possible nausea and that it usually presents 3-4 days in. To that I timed my dose to not  present while I was on shift as I work 4days straight thru @a group home. Well it wasn 't 3-4 days in, rather 4 HOURS in. I am working a shift from hell VERY sick. Extreme acid reflux, gas, horrible smelling burps, extreme nausea, headaches and dry heaves as can not eat. Can 't even hold down water. Sure! Losing weight is inevitable if you can not even hold down water or eat! With that low #s are a no-brainer if you 're unable to eat!
Was given this drug for colonoscopy today. Started vomiting and choking while the GI Doctor was excising a very large polyp. He only got 80 percent of it because I was choking and now I have to go through the procedure all over again!
It burns so bad I don 't know what to do. I put three baby wipes down there hoping it would cool things off. It itches and burns so bad, I 'm just laying in the fetal position waiting for it to improve. Will it?
Everybody 's body absorbs differently. My body did not like Mononessa at all. I only lasted 3 days of this pill. I had an insane reaction, my doctor even told me she 's never heard anything like it. My body had an insane panic attack as I was puking. My fingers and toes started to tighten and I could not move them, I had partial paralysis in my fingers and toes! I was crying and rocking back and forth. I never want to experience anything like it again. My body would wake me up every morning at 4:00AM to do this every time I took the pill. I was switched to the Yaz pill which was amazing! After the 4th year of taking it, my body got used to Yaz and now I am experiencing a lot of mood swings and my sex drive decreasing! Microgestin here I come!
I thought I was having anxiety until I spoke to my doctor and found out my birth control was the problem. For the last year every month around my period I would get very emotional. If I would drink around that time it would make it worse like really bad. Out of control. It was starting to affect my relationship with my boyfriend. I thought I had anxiety but not all the symptoms match. I spoke to my doctor and she immediately had me take the patch off. I will go on the pill once I have my period again. 
I was prescribed 2-3 weeks ago...was so happy to finally have something I thought would help prescribed to me. I tried it for two days...felt my depression/scary scenarios get worse, so I stopped. Depression was still there but not as bad as it is when I am on the pill. I took it again to see if it will finally work this time...it 's my 3rd day, still feeling worse but I 'm trying to wait for it to work because I 've read it works after 2-3 weeks. So I hope it helps... :/
I was put on clarithromycin for an infected abscess on my chin after not responding to minocycline or bactrim. I am officially off of it after 1 week. In the past week I developed severe acute anxiety that caused me to have a four hour panic attack (my first ever). Additionally, I have a history of bad acid reflux as a symptom of celiac, and this medication made it so that my reflux was so severe I literally could not eat. My throat felt like it was closing and I had trouble swallowing anything. All foods, even basics like bananas and chicken made me feel like I was going to die. Constant belching, pressure on chest, heartburn made me concerned of heart attack, then panic attack. Also had severe headaches. Did not work for me
I have been on this drug for 6 months and I must be in that % that is doesn 't work well for.  I honestly feel like a guinea pig and I am going to stop taking this medicine.  For all who take it and it work,  I am happy for you.
I 've had this medication for almost 5 months now. I switched from the mirena IUD. The doctor told me it would be perfect so I wouldn 't have to worry about getting pregnant and taking it. I liked it the first month. After the bruising went down I never thought of it, till the second month came. When I was on the IUD, I never had a period besides the first month. Now, my periods are a dark brown (sorry still grosses me out) and really heavy. They last 3-4 days and come back in two weeks or so. I 've experience terrible mood swings to the point where my fianc&eacute; and I fight alot. I 've also experienced anxiety and through myself into panic attacks. My cramping has worsened to a point where I can 't move. But hey, I 'm not pregnant right?
this medication almost took my life.  during the 6 years I was on it my cardiologist kept raising the  dose. I had difficulty standing on my feet, developed severe headaches, slurred speech and dark veiled vision. over time my fingers turned dark purple like grape juice. I reached the point where I could not sit up one morning without help. my daughter discovered my back was dark purple as well. the emergency room doctor took me off immediately stating a severe reaction.
I was a regular user of Vagifem and was very pleased with the results. It made sex comfortable again. I saw there was a generic available and tried it to try to save some money. This product is terrible. Everything about it is ten notches below Vagifem. You can 't separate the foil packages. The applicator is sharp on the end. One of my doses was empty... and I pay $15 each. The pill does not dissolve inside you. When showering the next day I find the tablet just sitting up there undissolved. My vaginal dryness is back to where it was before beginning Vagifem. I am a 62 yr old woman with active sex life, my insurance will no longer pay for brand. I wish they would have more time before releasing. I hate everything about it.
I am scheduled for a 9am colonoscopy for tomorrow but I can 't keep the solution down. The taste isn 't bad. It just didn 't agree with my stomach. I chilled it and added vernors with ice. I sucked on a lemon after I drank half of the first dose. I even took Zofran just in case I experienced any nausea. Well it all came back up within a couple of minutes!!!! I called the answering service of my Gastro office to see what can be done. I 've suffered from acid reflux for years and I really need the procedure done. I 'm pissed!!!
This drug nearly ruined my life. But, you don 't have to believe me. Just go google &quot;lorazepam withdrawal&quot; or &quot;ativan withdrawal&quot; and you can see it for yourself. I was never told how horrific the withdrawal would be from this medicine. I have spent nearly 5 months in extreme anxiety that is nearly 50 times the intensity of the anxiety I had when starting this med. The doctors are not educated on the w/d of this med because the pharm companies do not release these studies because then they wouldn 't prescribe it! I became agitated, suicidal, depressed and PTSD-like symptoms from this drug. Not one person warned me and I just took it everyday like the bottle said, many times LESS than prescribed. PLEASE do your research!
I took Viberzi for about a week, and then I had acute pancreatitis for three weeks. I have my gallbladder, I don 't drink, and aside for IBS-D, I don 't really have health issues. This is a dangerous drug.
I was put on 150 mg daily of Effexor after having a mental breakdown brought on by stress and severe insomnia. I did not find the medication helped at all other then to cause weight gain. Worst of all, I experienced horrific withdrawal symptoms coming off it. I started to wean off it in May, reducing the dose to 75mg/day. I halved it to 37.5mg a month ago and my Dr said I would be good to stop it after two weeks. Within 24 hours of taking my last pill I experienced dizziness, nausea, insomnia, and brain zaps. I could barely function. Turns out the  'half-life ' of Effexor is one of the shortest out there. I had to take a short 2 week course of 10 mg Prozac (much longer short life) to come off Effexor. Horrible!!
I have been on levothyroxine and I hate it.Palpitations. fast heart. .nausea fatigue .headaches. insomnia .tremors irritable.deppression. I cant understand why doctors don 't really care.You get told you need levo.no other medication.just that one.why?There must be more out there.?In UK .no decent choice.Do doctors get paid more for giving  levo only.I was so ill on this horrible thing I went to A-E.Too much levo only was on 75.
Took the shot for three years and it was horrible. I started taking the depo shot for veey heavy bleesing. The firat shot worked amazing and stopped the bleeding after about ten minutes taking it. But it all went down hill from there. I would bleed for 2 1/2 months until it was time to take the shot again then I would stop for two weeks and it would start all over again. Now I have two kids and I tried the shot again since your body changes  every time you have a baby. Well nothing has changed so I called my OB office and am now switching to a different type of BC. I do not recommend this depo shot for anyone.
I used this for 6 months and have seen no improvement.  And it feels like flames in my eye.
I was switched by my pharmacy from Aviane to Orsythia. After three months of trying it I have requested to go back to Aviane or try something else. It made me have longer periods and mood swings. I would feel like I wanted to cry at everything. I am glad I read the reviews on here and it was not just me. 
I took it for five months every day , I did not lose a pound , it just doesn 't t work for me :(
I 've been on Ambien CR (Zolpidem XR) for years. It always worked. Until it didn 't. I have insomnia because of Fibromyalgia and a bad back which wakes me every time I turn over. But it loses its efficacy after 6-7 months. Doctor switched me to Lunesta and it did nothing. It was as if I took a placebo. Went back to the Zolpidem XR but I 'm now back to having built up a tolerance again. Doc put me on Temazepam but it 's like nothing too. It stinks not being able to sleep or stay asleep.
Wow.  Thank you for all your stories.  I thought I was alone on this insanity.  I 'm 41  years old now, I was 39 years when I got the Mirena.  Suggested to me by they gyno. I was referred to by the hospital as I went in  with such agony and after a few months of bleeding, fed up.  Always had ovarian cysts, normal, they tell me. I bleed all the time, like, my time of the month is when I don 't bleed, which if I am a lucky gal, 2, 3 days in a row!  Had to get a polyp removed from my uterus, because, again, that seems normal. Oh yeah, Mirena is so great, you might not even have a period.  I 'm thinking this is too much to be true.  I could have no sex life before, you know bleeding all the time.  So, I 'm over a year with Mirena and still bleeding more than ever.
This drug didn 't work as well as short-acting hydrocodone in lower doses. I had to take up to 20 mg of Tramadol per day for breakthrough pain on top of the 30 mg of Hysingla. It put me to sleep, made me unable to think clearly or efficiently, and didn 't allow me to organize my day or complete my tasks as well as I previously had. I had to take it around 6 PM to avoid breathing issues when I laid down and as a result, by the time I got up in the morning I no longer received any pain relief from it - there is no way it works for 24 hours. I 'm now in the process of returning to Norco and while still taking hydrocodone am experiencing withdrawal symptoms from getting off the Hysingla. It is far more dangerous and addictive than it is promoted.
Had every side effect listed..
I am sure Effexor has helped many people over the years. I was one of the first patients to take Prozac I was given ever increasing doses as my depression increased. At first, I was HEALED! I wound up in hospital with psychotic break, due to SSRI 's. Effexor was given to me a few years later ( Doctors still did not correlate medication as possible issue ) and again I got more depressed. At this point I was taking a bi-polar med Lithium. The Dr. abruptly stopped Effexor from a high dose., and I do not remember the next month. I was on the payphone in a psych- ward  talking to my Mom and came back. The nurses said I do not want to know what happened. I take my meds everyday, at the same time, see my Dr. every 3 months, and am well.
I took this because I worked such a crazy schedule and taking a pill at the same time everyday was impossible. So that 's the ONLY perk with this guy. The side effects were so noticeable. I rarely ever stopped spotting. I 'd have my period and then spot like ever other few days. It transformed me into an angry crazy person and took months to get weened out of my system. I would never take this again.
It 's was my first BC and at first my skin is begin to clear up. I honestly have pretty good skin I almost never have bad skin. But after like a couple weeks use I lost sex drive and was getting really bad UTI 's almost everyday. Didn 't enjoy.
It made me very sleepy.  I didn 't like feeling so tired.  With other medications for anxiety I had more sense of calmness rather than just feeling loopy and tired.  I won 't use it again
I started to take this pill and immediately stopped losing weight. I just had my second child and started an exercise program with a diet and was losing the baby weight fast. As soon as I started to take this pill I have not been able to lose any weight. Also, I had my period and a week and a half later I started to bleed again all the way till I finished my pack of pills, so for two and half weeks straight. It has only been a couple days without bleeding right now. Also, I have a headache every day, am exhausted and I get in a VERY bad mood very fast. The other night I was so bloated I looked bigger than when I was 7 months pregnant. I called my doctor and they did not seemed worried at all. However, I think I will stop taking this pill.
Please stay away from this product new Abreva spreads cold sores I have 3 now instead of one little one.
I have increased energy but this drug has not improved any other postmenopausal symptom.  I am very disappointed.
The drug actually only worked for about five hours but I did sleep soundly. However, the following day, after using Ambien, I experienced drowsiness, dizziness and stomach cramping.
Don 't use Skyla, I got pregnant using this disappointment of birth control. I always checked the strings after my period as my doctor told me and boom pregnant. It 's supposed to be 99% effective. I can 't be 1 out 100, this is misleading. I was safer using condoms, never got pregnant using them. Please if you get Skyla when you 're ovulating, you 'll get pregnant. I never stopped having a period using Skyla and ovulated every month. I feel like suing!
I recently switched from Wellbutrin XL to the generic form Budeprion XL to save money. After several weeks I realized the medication wasn 't working like Wellbutrin XL. I 'm all for generics usually, but in this case, the generic drug doesn 't work.
Here 's the run down of my experience with nexplanon. Have had it a couple months shy of a year. Month one- this is great, haven 't had any side effects, can 't even tell this thing is in my arm. Month 2- k theres some spotting throughout the month, but I was warned that might be a side effect and didn 't have my period the first month, still okay though. Every month after that- ok I 've made several trips to Victoria secret/pink spending hundreds of dollars because all my underwear have been ruined. If you think you have a safe day where you can wear cute panties, YOU DON 'T. Pretty sure I 'm gonna need a blood transfusion soon. My mood is fine one minute, the next I don 't want to be touched, talked to, or even looked at. DON 'T GET THIS.
I got Depo-Provera on June 10 at the hospital after giving birth to my daughter. Today is September 15 and I have not stopped bleeding at all! I also have two friends who have the same problem. This shot is terrible!
gave me a buzz, did not kill any pain at all (ear infection/throat infection, swelling, pressure).  Increased dosages just got me more buzzed with the same excruciating pain.
My problem is not with the medicine, but rather the inhaler itself.  The Spiriva Respimat.  Hate it with a passion!  I 've had to make three separate trips to the pharmacy to get a replacement.  After the first time I was so careful to use it both, properly and carefully.  Did it help?  NO!  And it is a waste of time, money and I 'm unable to use the thing until I go to the pharmacist and get a replacement!  Apparently, Kaiser insurance doesn 't want to pay for any other Spiriva inhaler.  I am currently trying to find where I can leave a formal complaint.
Took ella 2 days after unprotected sex ..3 days later experienced heavy bleeding and stomach pains. i wasn 't even due for my period until 2 weeks later this pain feels like the same as taking the abortion pill.. Never again will I take this pill
Doesn 't work!  I still have migraines at least 3 to 4 times a week and have to take Excedrin Migraine to get rid of them.
This one caused me to have constant chest pain and barely controllable rage.  I 've heard it works for some and I am happy for anyone to be able to find relief in whatever way they can.  Savella just was definitely not for me. 
I was put on this for a while.  It made me very depressed, anxious and withdrawn.  It was only when my friends told me how bad I was that I realised I was having a real &quot;breakdown&quot; on it.  I went to see my doctor who changed me to Sertraline which suits me a lot better.  I was depressed before I took Duloxetine but I went in to a very dark place that I had trouble getting out off.  We are all different and different medication suit different people.
Took this for a YI. I wasn 't even burning from the infection itself, but the cream has made me feel like I went for a ride on Satan 's crotch and then my vagina was dipped in the lake of eternal fire. The burning is so awful. I wish I had never used this product. This is torture. Even my abdomen is cramping. I read that can be a side affect, but my goodness, this is crazy.  I am never using this product again.
Had ADHD symptoms growing up, due to cultural reasons and beliefs, family always dismissed it. In 2nd year law school at the moment, had to work 5x harder than others. Started living away from family and finally got ADHD diagnosis done. Was prescribed concerta. I was 154cm height and 47kg before concerta. Titration period - 18mg 1 week, 27mg 1w, 36mg 3w and 54mg 8w. 18-27mg at first was amazing. No side effects, brimming with motivation but, wore in 4h. 36mg, was ok but wasn 't as great as the initial effect, wore off after 4h. 54mg, developed an uncontrollable cough, mood swings, dry mouth, anxiety. Lost 5kg weight. Now on Vyvanse. Cough took 2 + weeks since quitting concerta to stop. Advice - if side effects are bad &amp; lasts 1w+ change meds!
As Lanie, the poster below me stated, Prozac also seemed to only make me worse.  I 'm sure it has genuinely worked for many people, otherwise it wouldn 't have such a high average rating, but I know for a fact it only contributed to my symptoms (paranoia, impulses, unwanted thoughts) rather than relieved them. I cut it cold turkey back in college and suffered a few more years without meds before finding some relief with Celexa, but Prozac was definitely not a pleasant experience for me.
It doesn 't help at all. Doesn 't even make me sleepy, either. Even Zoloft helps with my anxiety more, and Zoloft isn 't even marketed specifically to treat anxiety, like Visatril.
Had a hard time putting thoughts together.  
I 've had muscle spasms for 34 years. Nothing has worked to relieve the pain. I took two Skelaxin in four hours and there has been no relief of pain or drowsiness.
Right before my cycle starts I get slight YI symptoms so I thought maybe I use the 3 day thing to balance me out before my cycle starts. The itching/burning started as soon as I took the applicator out. I frantically looked at the info sheet and thought this must have been written by a man because to call this sensation mild means it has not been felt by the author. This is so much worse than the actual YI. I am sure what I just did was artificially inseminate myself with the devil 's spawn. I think I am currently incubating the anti-Christ.
After 5 days I feel horrible on this medication. As if I didn 't feel bad enough with the sinus infection, now I have horrible - horrible! - diarrhea, stomach ache, and cramps. Worst antibiotic I have ever been on!
I have taken this for 3 months now and my period has been regular but   I  extreme mood swings. I had no idea until family told me. I would not recommend!
In the beginning it worked fine, I was switched to it because Ortho Tri-cyclen was getting costly and some of the other genetics were making me constipated. . .joy. Anyways I have been on Tri-Sprintec for almost a year and it doesn 't regulate my periods in fact I seem to be getting periods whenever the heck it please and they last forever. My normal cycle is 3 days and I always knew by Thursday of the sugar pills it was coming but this pill just doesn 't seem to be working. On top of that I 'm always nauseated, sometimes I get extremely depressed for no reason. I have panic attacks and just feel horrible at the most random times. I can 't wait to switch.
This drug put me in the ER last night. I 've had UTIs before and have taken cipro, etc, without issue, but yesterday I was prescribed Nitrofurantoin for the first time.  Approximately two hours after taking it, I felt like I was going to throw up, and shortly thereafter, I became severely winded after climbing just one flight of stairs. I sat on the floor trying to breathe for almost a full hour and just couldn 't catch my breath. Then, I began shaking uncontrollably and was told I needed to go to the ER as they thought my windpipe was inflamed and closing up. I arrived to the hospital visibly shaking, my fever shot up, and I spent several hours being monitored and given pills to counter-act the Nitro before they let me leave.  Terrifying.
I thought this birth control was great at first, but I have now gained 40+ pounds after being on this. I HATE it, to say the least. Oh, it was RECALLED, by the way, which scares me. That 's why they have switched users to Blisovi.
I am a teenage girl with many breakouts all over my face, so I went to my doctor and got prescribed minocycline. After the first month my acne drastically got worse and I was just thinking that &quot;It gets worse before it gets better&quot;, so I continued taking it for 2 years. Instead of getting better my acne worsened and has never gotten better, so I am now done taking minocycline and just starting a new prescription.
I was prescribed these as my Doctor insisted that I was suffering from anxiety/agitation. I was not keen on taking these but I did as I thought the Doctor knows best.The first week I suffered most of the common side effects like dry mouth, tiredness, and feeling sick. By the second week these had gone except for the extreme tiredness and now my heart felt like it was pounding hard in my chest and I felt more anxious!After 18 days I was feeling worse than ever and went back to see my Doctor who then advised I should stop taken the 10mg dosage. After 2 days I feel so much better for stopping and dont know why I was ever put on them !Terrible medication with so many bad side effects!!
When my body is getting immune to viagra, i recently tried cialis. I read so much good reviews that I went to buy. D dispensary only sells a box of 8 pills. Ist time I cut the 20mg into 2 piece.I took 1/2 at 9 pm. At 12 midnight nothing happen so I took the other 1/2. Until morning only a slight erection. Next night at 9pm again I took full 20mg pill. I had an erection only at 9am the next da for 30mins. By then the missus had already gone to work. The following evening at 9pm again I took the 3rd 20mg pill. Same thing. 9am next morning some erection. Nothing great. Last 30mins thsts all. All the time whole day no repeat erection. So 3 days and total 60mg no good reaction. I am 63 years old taking meds for hypertension and type 2 diabetes
cost
Terrible! From start. As soon as I inserted this I could feel it when I walked. We went to the store and I started itching and burning like crazy, the cream melted and came out in my underwear. I&rsquo;ve never felt pain like this. Do not use this!!!
I was prescribed Augmentin 875 mg 2times a day for 10 days... I took it for 5 days and it seemed to be working to clear up the sinus infection but I had to stop taking it because it gave me the worst yeast infection I have ever had in my life. I read someone else 's comments about their tongue swelling and having ulcers on it, thus is oral thrush or a yeast infection on the tongue. I had to take 7 days of diflucan and eat plain yogurt to get rid of it. And I had to stop taking the Augmentin. I tried to start back taking it in halves but the yeast infection in my mouth came back. So I had to get more plain yogurt with probiotics to get rid of it. I can not take this medicine.
I purchased Systane Ultra by Alcon a couple of days ago. It did not help my dry and red eyes. I made my eyes itch worse than ever, they were really red too. It might have something to do with the preservative used, I don 't know for sure. I went back to using Oculac by Alcon instead, it seems it has the same manufacturer but it is cheaper and a little thinner.
First chemo (cytoxin/taxotere) on Wednesday &amp; Neulasta shot 24 hours after.  Was very exhausted Friday mid day &amp; by night time all hell broke loose.  The bone pain was excruciating &amp; debilitating.  Luckily it was the weekend, but never left my bed, had to call out to work on Monday &amp; only could work 1/2 day Tuesday.  Its now 1 week later &amp; the bone pain is still present in some areas, mainly my legs &amp; feet making it hard to walk.  I do not meet the Neulasta 's website criteria for taking this drug.  I am suggesting my oncologist find another way to help w/my white blood cell counts.  Seriously will reconsider continuing chemo since at this stage it is only being given as an insurance policy since my double mastectomy removed the cancer.
Doesn 't work for me.
I was put on Ability to help with Major Depression/Clinical depression, and anxiety. The side effects were life changing. Just horrible. I was put on it at 15. I had hallucinations, pass out spells, times of absolute carelessness, and increased suicidal thoughts. I also became very hateful and paranoid. I developed unexplained muscle twitches, so my doctor finally took me off of it. I also had constant migraines and increased irritability I was just a mess on this medication! I still have the muscle twitches, and it 's been 5 years since I had Abilify.
Urinary retention was a very scary side effect! I had to be rushed to hospital and I was on vacation in Mexico! I also experienced flu symptoms , one day was so bad I could barely move because of muscle weakness.
I took this because I worked such a crazy schedule and taking a pill at the same time everyday was impossible. So that 's the ONLY perk with this guy. The side effects were so noticeable. I rarely ever stopped spotting. I 'd have my period and then spot like ever other few days. It transformed me into an angry crazy person and took months to get weened out of my system. I would never take this again.
I 'm eighteen and got the implant on July 10th. It is now 5 months later, and I have been bleeding nonstop. I got the implant the day before when my period was suppose to begin. It never came on, but about a week later I bled for 10 days. It was light, and then it went off. A few days after that, I began bleeding, and I have been ever since then. I liked this implant you just get it in and don 't have to go back until 3 years later. I didn 't have any problems with weight gain, if anything I lost weight and my family told me I look sick. But I was exhausted once I first got it, and I had mood swings. I just recently went back and got birth control pills, which is suppose to stop the bleeding. I have 4 pills left and I 'm still bleeding.....
Do NOT get inside of anus!!! Icy burning for days!! =(
All was ok while I was taking ebrel injections and then after months my doctor told me to take a new medicine more safe . So I took otezla. Took the starter kit and continue into 2 pills per day. Nausea, diarrhea and headaches start then. The doctor told me that the first month all these thinks happen.  Then after 2 months I had brutal headaches fatigue and pain in some of my fingers my legs and also in the back. The back pain is the worse of all.  I wake up early morning every day with strong back pain . When I coughing I also pain . First I thought that the pain war because of the bed then I realised that it was the side effects of the medicine.  I still continue the therapy and waiting to change back to injections .
The most horrific side effects one could ever possibly imagine , constipation , insomnia , total energy loss , muscle wastage aching joints. yuk yuk Think i should sue the manufacturer
I tried fetzima for a week going from 20mg to 40mg. I had the worst headaches, chills, and GI problems. I like to exercise and I was afraid I was going to pass out from being so light headed. I stopped taking it, but then changed my mind a month later and went back on. Again, the same side effects even staying on the 20mg. Today will be my last day. I can 't live in the bathroom.
After severe swelling of my knee, my doctor decided that I was allergic to the stuff. Of course this was AFTER he put all three shots in. I haven 't been able to work as an ICU nurse for 3 months due to complications. I now have had to have surgery to remove the stuff from my knee. It has lead to a sed rate of 56 (normal is 30) and swelling of the joints in my hands. I would not recommend this to anyone.
This pill was my 3rd try at birth control pills. From my last pill, this one decreased my severe headaches. But, after going off of the pill for a couple months and going back to this I felt like I went crazy during PMS week. I have never in my life experienced such severe depression and mood-swings that I felt I was going crazy. I did have regular periods, but headaches came back full force and I am moody always.
My two front teeth were progressively getting worse in pain from two nights ago when I had hit my teeth really hard. 7/10 pain scale last night/this morning - To the point where no toothache remedies were working anymore, including OTC pain medicine (which never worked from the start). Was prescribed Tylenol 3 this morning from the dentist as we wait to do a root canal on one tooth, the other tooth may just be bruised as it shows no sign for a root canal needed. It has been 2 hours and the medicine has extremely barely done anything. Waiting on doc to approve better medication.
Eight weeks later after taking this drug I 'm still recovering from side effects. It caused chills, fever, swollen lymph glands, bloated stomach, and gas. All symptoms have gone away except bloated stomach and gas. I 've never had any stomach issues in my life, and now it 's non-stop discomfort. I wouldn 't recommend any one to take this medication.
It did nothing for my anxiety or my panic disorder. It did help me breathe better though. It cleared my sinuses pretty good.
1st time having colonoscopy.  Moviprep awful. I vomited &amp; felt like I had the stomach flu &amp; horrible migraine all at once.  Needless to say mycolonoscopy did not go well
I added this to my dosage of Sertraline because I was always tired and foggy and sex had become really difficult. It initially helped for these issues, but it worsened my anxiety and caused constant fluttering heart. I went ahead and tapered up to the dose the doc told me to start with, and suddenly I began developing horrible hives all over my body. It was easily the worse itching I have ever experienced. My hands and feet blew up like balloons and I couldn 't walk as a result for over a week. I stopped taking the Buproprion the day after my symptoms appeared, but they also stuck around for over a week.
Not suitable for allergy congestion, for example dust. The drug has a rebound effect, immediate relief at first followed by a worse condition hours later. The more you take the more you will need.
It 's definitely not for me. I switched from Camila to Vienva because I was worried that I had to take Camila at the exactly same time. If you have a history of depression, don 't try vienva or similar ones. On the tenth day I was completely out of control of my own thoughts. Very irritated and depressive. I stopped immediately and got better. I don 't think it 's a coincidenceIf you do not have a history of depression it may work for you, though.
terrible body pain, fatigue, constant urinating  and  shortness of breath. This is a terrible medicine. It  should be taken off of the market. My insurance only covered the generic.
I have insomnia my Dr.prescribe Lunesta to help me sleep because I was going 3 day 's straight without sleeping...not very good feeling The first day I took Lunesta I literally passed out,a good night sleep unfortunately that was my only night of sleep now it keeps me fully awake the odd part is that I don 't feel tired only my eyes look tired the problem is that I am back to not sleeping up to three day 's.
I start with venlafaxine when I was diagnose with Fibromyalgia a month ago and I had the worst experience . My skin become very dry, my mouth and my lips where like burn and my lips start to peel, I start to have rash on my arms and legs. It was difficult to swallow. I was miserable.
I have seen no benefits from this medication after months of use.  My migraines have increased to almost daily now and have also increased in their intensity.  
Dr. Prescribed cipro  so I took it twice a day for 3 days for a UTI- turns out I didn 't have. On day 3, my children called an ambulance because I passed out and had trouble walking for several months afterwards. Ive been to several specialists trying to find a solution to my cipro induced weakness in my legs. I can 't even think straight! This drug ruined me. I wish I never went to the dr that day. This has taken a heavy toll on my family and career. :(
At first it was feeling normal like it was working but then when I got up and it started to drip down ! Omg it burned soooo bad ! I was trying to take the pain but I couldn 't I got in the shower and tried to take it off . I 'm now laying down trying not to move because I 'm afraid more is gonna drip down and start burning and itching again !!! I had to take melatonin sleeping gummies so I can sleep now .worst feeling ever ):
I HATED this birth control. It worked as in it prevented pregnancy and it regulated my periods, but the side effects were so horrible that I had to stop taking it. While I was on this birth control, I gained an extra 15-20 pounds that I COULD NOT LOSE despite the hours in the gym and the healthy eating. I felt like I was going insane... Hot flashes, extreme mood swings. The mood swings happened all of the time, not just during my period. It didn 't help alleviate cramps or anything. I will never ever ever take this again.
I was prescribed this medicine on the first day when my sore throat developed. It didn 't help me at all, In fact after 2 days of taking it, I felt weaker, body aching and my throat remained painful and I became giddy. When I googled the details, I realised it suppressed my immune system and it contains steroid and not suitable for people with thyroid disorder like myself (hypo thyroid). I won 't take this medicine again.
I have a very bad exprience with Terbinafine since last week. this drug doesn 't work with me.  I took this medicine for 4 days on last week prescribed by my doctor, but after two days I took this drug, lots of micro blisters started appearing on both my hand plams and around the mouth and lips and body felt so hot. I thought it was heat rashes so I continued to take this drug two more days. My hands got even more worse, more blisters appeared on the top of the hands too. I realized it was allergic reaction by the drug so I stopped taking it and notified the phamacist and my doctor. I took Benedroyl for 4 days and then the blisters have been slowly shrinking but passing 10days, the skin starts peeled and feel rough and look terrible. :-(
Put my heart into A-fibrillation. It was discontinued and no sign of A-fibrillation in heart when checked. 
I don 't like it at all. Have taken 2 times and causes me to yawn alot and jaw tightness. Makes me feel really weird.
I am a 35 female, no kids. I wanted to pursue birth control as my periods were debilitating and I bleed very heavy. I have a very sensitive body. I wanted to feel normal in the sense, that I have been getting my period since age 10. And after all these years did not want to deal with stressing about how my body would react from my period. My body actually has gotten more sensitive this year. I thought I was seeing doc but ended up seeing midwife. Was prescribed jolivette. Took at night and was nauseated, lightheaded, and blurry mind. Next day cramps and felt like i was having a period/ bleeding feeling without bleeding. In the evening felt off/ unsteady like going to faint. Don 't think is norm. Will not take again. How long to leave my system?
I wish I had read the reviews before taking this product!  Forty five minutes after taking Delsym I had lots of belly gurgling then painful cramps and then immediate violent diarrhea! I got so dizzy &amp; lightheaded while sitting on the toilet I almost passed out. I will never take this product again &amp; will advise all friends &amp; family to avoid it as well.  As far as suppressing my cough, I was too afraid to cough for some time after the diarrhea started!!
The shot was my first experience and method of birth control. I was scared the most of the weight gain more then anything else, After reading reviews on different birth controls and peoples experiences with it I couldn 't bare the fact of gaining so much weight. After having the shot gaining weight wasn 't an issue with me ( i actually lost weight) it was my hormones and emotions were crazy!! For 3 months my mood swings were unbarreable! It ruined relationships with me and my boyfriend! It made me very depressed and sad causing me to major outbreaks. Now that I am off it i feel so much more calm and like myself! Worst 3 months of my life. The only good thing was my nauesa wasnt too bad, and i only got my period twice
Be careful. I was prescribed Circadin by my psychiatrist to help with insomnia caused by my antidepressant. Over a period of around 3 months I became anxious, agitated, and extremely depressed. I felt like I was losing my mind. I then realised that my deterioration coincided with starting the melatonin so I stopped it. Within 24 hours by depression was under control and I was back to my normal self. It says on the drug information that it can worsen depression and cause mood changes yet my psychiatrist thought it would be a good idea to prescribe it for someone with severe depression. It also caused awful trapped wind and tummy pain. It 's a shame because as a sleeping tablet it did actually work. Back to zopiclone for me!
My readings have been basically the same as they were without this medicine. I also have been having a lot more cravings than I have had in the past. I don 't know if it 's just a coincidence or a side effect of the medication. Either way, I can 't continue to pay for an expensive med that doesn 't show me any positive results.
Monistat 7. Right after I inserted the medication inside vaginal area. I kid you not. That stuff started biting but mostly itchy as anything. I thought okay well that 's it 's job,&quot;it 's suppose to do that&quot; well NO right after I was reading all these other reviews I said I am not taking this. Jumped in the bath washed that stuff out &amp; I feel so much better. Never doing that again. I 'll just stick to home remedies &amp; baths. Smh
I have had bad reactions to metformin in the past but my doctor insisted on my trying Actosplus Met. After a few months I had the same bad reactions. Right now I 'm struggling to keep my sugars under control.
I was on loestrin for about 3 years before switching to its generic equivalent, mylan. After about 5 years of being on this brand I started getting really bad symptoms (nausea, cold sweats, dropped body temp, migraine) so I decided to quit birth control all together (was on it about 10 years). Within 2 months I gained 10 pounds, particularly in the midsection. At first I didn 't connect the dots and started a straight vegetarian meal prep diet and worked out 4-6 times a week. My weight steadily kept going up until I gained about 30 lbs in 6 months, again mostly in my belly. I read up that this is a common side effect of quitting birth control, particurly with the loestrin/mylan 24 fe brand. It 's been over a year and still no end in sight
I took it for a couple of days, felt sick. My throat hurt and I have asthma, so I had to use my inhaler.
First time ever taking Mucinex D! Took two pills as directed and it did clear some sinus pressure during the day.  Following directions 12 hours later and took my two pills dose at 10pm. I 've been clear in my sinus, but tossing and turning all night! It is now 2:05am! insomnia was a side effect so did not read about until now, since I can 't sleep! So, yes, Mucinex D does work, just do not take at night as directed. Unless you need to be awake while others sleep, in which case, this will definitely keep you up all alert!
Gave me severe-headache,insomnia, dizzy, confused, this medication is very dangerous I have learned that the hard way stay away!!!!
I was out on a couple of different types of medications for my ADD. When I came across Concerta, it is close to perfect to me. I don 't get that feeling like I 'm spaced out like Adderral.
I was so excited for this birth control and now I can 't wait to get it out of my system.  Only 2 weeks in and already have a yeast infection, major  anxiety, feeling depressed and a loss of sex drive.... I 'm miserable and can literally cry at any moment. I will never try this again.
Monistat 7 day should be recalled! Within 2 minutes of using the first dose I 'm burning!!! Something is terrible wrong with this product!
I HATED this birth control. Yes, it was easy to use and effective (no pregnancies), but I bled or spotted three weeks out of the month for the TWO years I had the nexplanon. Sex life suffered. I also think the Nexplanon caused more cystic acne on my face.
I had UTI, usually it goes away with OTC Azo and water, but this time I could not get rid of it. So I went to the ER. They gave me Bactrim. 2 a day for 5 days. I took the entire round of them and nothing changed. The medicine itself made me sick as a dog. I could eat with it or not eat with it and it didn 't matter. I was still so nauseous. It gave me chills and made me dizzy as well. I wouldn 't give this to my worst enemy!
First day I took the first 20mg capsule...thought I was going to have a seizure and was having a full blown panic attack. She had given me this for anxiety and for pain (didn 't help either: in fact made BOTH the pain and anxiety worse) I couldn 't sleep that night. I was supposed to try it for 3 weeks before she upped my dose but I said no way. I threw the bottle away and don 't ever want to put one in my body again. It almost strangely reminded me of being on a stimulant (adderall or vyvanse) but it wasn 't pleasant or made me focus. I was extremely distracted and panicking so much. I cried for hours.
I recently just stopped taking Necon because of my terrible experience with it. I only took it for about 3 months but it made my periods very irregular, I would have spotting on and off two weeks before my period and it caused me to gain 10 pounds. I thought I was getting fat but had no change in my diet. I also have severe period cramps and this does not help with them at all. I do not recommend this product.
STAY AWAY,Worst drug EVER!!!!!!!!!
At first I liked it. My Endocrinologist was waiting for it to be approved and available, so put me on it once it was. It lowered my Blood Sugar and my Blood Pressure. I did not lose weight as some do (which I suspect is mostly water weight from urinating more).  I had to stop my blood pressure medicine because I felt I was bottoming out with both meds (Invokana was lowering my blood pressure too). But now that I have been taking Invokana, since it was available, I just recently stopped it due to not being able to handle the side effects anymore. I feel so FATIQUED ALL the time. My muscles ache once I get to the top of my stairs. I am out of breath and feel like I have run a marathon. My chest would feel tight and just felt faint all the time when doing anything! Add life 's stresses (job) to that, and it made me so miserable!!And, I have been working out 4 days a week since Jan!! It is so frustrating. I am also on week 4 of a nothing but veggie and some fruit smoothies (no meat, wheat, and only dairy is whole fat Greek yogurt). So I figured since I was having to watch my blood sugars more closely, since they were lower with this new eating plan, now was a good time to quit the Invokana. I am hoping within a week I might feel like my old self again. Due to doing EVERYTHING I can to HELP my Diabetes, and I still felt bad, I knew it had to be my Invokana. The only other med I take is Lantis SolarStar. I started to get worried about long term effects of Invokana, especially since I was doing what anyone with health issues should do (exercise and eat super healthy), and still felt fatigued, I decided to do more research online and have found MANY others with my SAME and worse side effects. Many complain of constant yeast infections (both women and men), hair loss, swelling of lymph nodes to where they did STD tests and cancer screening, shortness of breath, fatigue, urinary tract infections, bladder infections, kidney issues (some really bad). I got scared reading so many many bad reviews. I don 't want to end up with major kidney problems!!So I am going to do what every Type II Diabetic should do, and actually EAT HEALTHY and EXERCISE!! We are switching to organic foods and plan to continue drinking these green smoothies for 2 meals a day and have a reasonable dinner. We need to lose weight anyways. That will ensure we get tons of veggies and fruits and so much nutrition that we would otherwise be deficient in. We keep track of all our calories to ensure we get enough protein, and healthy fat etc. I also take some supplements, super foods, and vitamins made with whole food. We are going to stop all soda, sugar, artificial sweeteners, and pre-made and highly processed foods, as best we can...it will be a process, lol. . I am so mad at all that is put in our food, I can 't believe it is legal!!. Most chronic type diseases are due to inflammation in the body and what we PUT in our bodies. Healthy in, healthy out. Crap in, crap out. You ARE what you eat. Stop putting chemicals and toxins in your body. Stop eating food that is not raised/cultivated naturally healthy. Eat whole food and &quot;clean&quot; foods. Cure yourself with Nature 's Nutrition! Good luck to you all! :D
I 've been on Cymbalta for a few years now (on various doses) alongside clonazepam (0.5mg twice/day) and I have to say its been the worst experience of my life. I was put on it after Effexor XR basically stopped working after 4 yrs.At first cymbalta seemed to &quot;take the edge off&quot;. I didnt notice many of the initial side effects because of my severe withdrawal from Effexor.But after about 9 months at 30mg Cymbalta just stopped working and actually started to make me experience anxiety and panic attacks that were insanely intense. I have moved up to 60mg and back down to 30, upped my clonazepam and its just gotten worse and worse. Weight gain (50lbs), severe panic attacks, gad, severe depression, ocd, stomachache, IBS, headache, ...
I was prescribed this medicine after failed attempts on Effexor, Lexapro, Zoloft and Pristq.  I 've been trying different medicines and have been having panic attacks ever since I can remember, even when I was a child in school, after my son was born it got WORSE. I am currently taking Xanax, two 0.5mgs a day and clonazepam two 1mg 's a day and also a Beta Blocker for fast heart rate. I 've been on the Beta Blocker for 6 years. I have been taking Xanax and clonazepam for 3 years. They do not help my anxiety 100%. I still get attacks, but not full blown panic attacks like I used to. I took my first Cymbalta last night. I 'm supposed to take 20mg in the morning and another 20mg at night. No side effects yet! I 'm hoping this will be the pill that works for me!
I was on this For 5 YEARS UNTIL My DOCOTR MADE ME Get Off SINCE THIS CAUSES low bone density. I regret being on it so long but was scared to try anything else and get pregnant. Pros- no periods/cramps and no pregnancy Cons-weight gain. I was a soccer player my entire high school career and walked everywhere. I gained 40 pounds in 5 year period. 20 pounds first year. It didn 't stop. I went from 150 lbs to 206. At this point I wanted to get off and I reached 5 year limit. I HIGHLY DO NOT RECCOMMEND
I do not recommend nuvaring. I used it for six months and while it was effective in preventing pregnancy, l had terrible side effects. The first month or two wasn 't too bad but every month would gradually get worse. My lady parts were so sensitive. The skin was so irritated it would burn during sex and I would get fissures sometimes just from sitting down. The irritation caused itching and overall discomfort that in the very end of using it, even prevented me from being able to be intimate at all. I went to the doctor for possible bacterial infections, yeast infections, but none were the cause. After six months I finally realized it was my nuvaring. I 've been off for almost a month and I 'm completely back to normal.
I have had HPV for YEARS! Its a horrible, relentless and unflattering disease and it will not go away. Aldara seems to do absolutely nothing, and the doctor that has seen my private parts more than any sexual partner (solely due to the HPV) doesn 't really seem to know how the virus works. I go for freezing once every couple of months or so and they just grow back. With the Aldara it just seems to be all for nothing and sets your hopes up to be dashed. I really wish I was as fortunate as the other reviewers on this site but I can 't say that Aldara works at all! :-(
I just had an tooth extraction #13, was prescribed Tylenol 3 and it barely worked. I 've taken two within 6 hrs and nothing has happened. Instead I feel more pain and it 's causing me a severe headache. Will go back to my oral surgeon to see if I can get something stronger. What a waste!!!
I have had a reaction to this medicine. It caused severe vertigo/migraine which required an emergency room visit. The vertigo continued for several months. When I stopped the spray, it slowly dissipated. When I started up the spray, the vertigo returned.
After probably a little less than 2 weeks I started having auditory and visual hallucinations at night. It also hasn 't really improved my sleep or helped my fibro pain. It has significant worsened my depression and possibly worsened my anxiety which I somewhat expected while my body adjusted to the medication change but I cannot deal with the hallucinations and am planning on changing it
I 've used the ring for about 4 months &amp; I can 't wait to get rid of it. I have a very hard time removing the ring. I can never find it right away &amp; I can barely reach it or grasp it to pull it out. I feel as if although it isn 't supposed to go up into your cervix, mine is very difficult to find &amp; is very weirdly far up there &amp; to me this isn 't normal. I freak out every time I have to remove it &amp; I usually end up in a panic &amp; bleeding. I also feel like it increases my anxiety &amp; depression a ton! Especially the first few days after inserting. The only positive thing I have to say is that it is convenient to not take a pill every day. Otherwise, I will never be using it again.
This chemical nearly killed me !  Question :  is this drug  in the same category as the biologics ?  If so, then I am not surprised.  Like Humira, Xeljanz, Opdivo, Methotrexate, et al; I can &quot;see the writing on the wall&quot;,  in a manner of speaking. I hope not two see an entirely new year of people who are injured by an entire nation of people too impatient with the same period of time it 'll take for the 15  to 20 years of strict FDA latitudinal / longitudinal double - blind studies necessary to ensure ALL SIDE EFFECTS ARE ABLE TO BE AS MINIMIZED AS HUMANLY POSSIBLE.   For me, with my history of strict regimentation of timing my own medications, I came within 96 hours of loss of life due to a 3- organ-system failure. These things are like rat poison !
Sooooo, an update from my post last week. After being 13 days late, I took three tests....they all came back positive. So much for Plan B.  My luck is me being that small percentage that it doesn 't work on.
Was prescribed this for uti and started feeling nauseous after the second tablet by the second day I was vomiting and struggling to keep even fluids down. Was getting cold sweats and just feeling generally unwell. Went back the drs  and they changed antibiotic. Also dr retested urine and infection was positive. Didn 't do a thing for me just made me feel awful .
I 've been on Busiprone (10 mg twice a day) for about 2 weeks now and I have seen no improvement. My sleep is jacked up from it from either interupted sleep or vivid dreams. I dont think I 'm going to continue to use it. Xanax seemed to be the only thing that has helped me so far..
So I am a 33 year old woman who has only had one YI in my life.... until this one. I recently had a kidney/uti infection and that sent my vagina into a tail spin... it was the weekend and I had no access to my dr. Or Diflucan.... so I figured the ovule one day treatment would be awesome until late I could get to see my dr. BOY was I wrong.... HOLY CRAP... I put in my ovule around 7.... and layer down for a few hours. Went to get up to use the restroom and all hell broke loose. No sooner was I back in bed the fire of a thousands suns was burning my vagina and the itching was WAY more intense then the YI itself.... then I Googled and found this page thank good.... currently in Luke warm bath... and I have an ice pack ready for when I lay down
I 've had many UTI 's in the past but usually keep them at bay by taking cranberry pills daily. Well, I slacked and got a UTI. I think I 've taken Bactrim before but I don 't ever recall feeling like this. I was fine this morning but by noon was very shaky. I felt hungry and nauseous at the same time. Forced myself to eat and felt slightly better but couldn 't focus on work and am feeling down in the dumps (depressed?). I also had trouble sleeping last night. Oh and my pee still burns after 2 doses. So if the symptoms don 't improve by tomorrow I 'm going to see about switching to something else.
I felt extremely woozy, nauseated, and shaky while on this medication. I had 2 trips to the ER for severe dehydration caused by the Geodon. I was so shaky I was pretty much convulsing, my heart was going crazy, and it felt like my brain was shutting down. By the time I got to the ER I could barely form sentences and very nearly blacked out. It was a terrifying experience. I felt sick the entire time taking this drug.
I was put on this pill because I have no insurance and needed something to help with my heavy periods. Everything was fine for the first month and a half and then halfway through my second pill pack I started bleeding and it lasted 17 days, stopped for 5 and started again! The day it started again I switched to a new pill.  Also during those 17 days I experienced the worst cramps I 've ever had, was constantly nauseous, and had really bad mood swings. I don 't know anyone that 's had a good experience on this pill.
Do NOT recommend this medication.It works to put me asleep, but the side effects for me are too much.I had awful vivid nightmares all night, and woke up with tears streaming down my eyes from the dream.My nose was running the next day and I felt like a cold was coming in.The most disturbing side-effect was the extreme fatigue that lasted the entire next day, to the point that I had to call in from work.  I was so tired and everything ached.Will be consulting with my doctors asap.
Was given voltaren-XR for knee pain.  I am still unable to feel any effects.  I also can 't take Advil with it, which seems to be the only thing that was helping. Tylenol makes me very sleepy. Taking that with the Voltaren is not an option as I need to be alert for my job.
I had Mirena removed 10 days ago after only 7 months. Reasons: 1. Terrible skin, worst of my life (I 'm 35): A little over 2 months into it I started getting acne and incredibly greasy skin. I 've always had great, clear skin even through my teenage years but on the Mirena would get one pimple after another. They 'd take forever to heal and leave long-lasting discolorations. Previously, I 'd get perhaps two pimples/year which would heal quickly without much of a trace. My face also looked puffier.2. Facial hair (visible mustache and peach fuzz along the chin) and incredibly bristly, fast growing armpit/pubic/leg hair. I 'm back on Nuvaring and thank God my skin and hair is already back to normal.
Most recent diagnosis is bipolar 1.  I 've been better since starting trileptal about 6 months ago.  Doc suggested added Vraylar.  Big mistake as one 1.5 ml dose made me hyperglycemic, jittery, sweaty, nauseous.  I fell when my muscles sort of locked up and was physically unable to speak or move for several minutes.  Helpless, awful feeling.  I ain 't taking a second dose of this stuff.
I have periorial dermatitis. The rash has worsened. My face looks horrible. There is itching, burning and redness.
My first period I got after getting on nexplanon lasted for a month. I am on my second period since getting on it and I have bleed for 3 months straight. I am more emotional than I have ever been in my life this thing is awful I can 't wait to get it removed.
This somewhat reduced my restless legs syndrome (which occurs every other day and is enough to keep me up at night and be bothersome); however, this gave me insomnia, specifically causing me trouble falling asleep and once I was finally able to fall asleep, I would wake up once every two hours or so.
I had a severe allergic Reaction to the whole medication . It caused me to break out into a really serious rash .Please be careful ladies this experience wasn 't fun .
I hate this pill and I wish I never would 've tried it. I had a cyst on one of my ovaries that ruptured and it caused me to have a period for a month or two straight so my doctor put me on this pill. I have gained weight, my chin is constantly broken out, I had absolutely no sex drive and worst of all, my emotions are crazy. It 's taken a toll on my relationship. I cry about the dumbest things. I was never like this before I took those pills. I quit taking it before I finished the first month because I got to the point to where I hated myself and everyone around me. I haven 't taken it in months and I still have days where I feel miserable and my sex drive has not gotten better yet at all. I do not recommend this pill at all. It has ruined me.
Gave me severe constipation. I 've had to take laxatives, have gas pains and bloated more than before
I went to the ER also last month because I was having bad migraines they gave me reglan and benadryl in the IV right away I was  paranoid jittery  and tried pulling the IV  out my arm it was the worst feeling ever and I was so ready to go home. The good thing is that it did take my migraine away for about a month  now. I just started having another migraine yesterday and I went to the ER 11-13-15 and they gave me the benadryl  and reglan in the form of a pill - no IV  and I didn 't get that feeling this time just went to sleep really fast. I think it was the  medicine going start in the  IV straight to my blood stream a little to fast that gave me the bad side effects.
3rd colonoscopy. Cost $65 after insurance!First dose at 6pm. Very palatable. Drank 5 cups liquid as instructed. Medicine started working within an hour, but the trips were very spaced out. By 10pm dose I was no where near &quot;running clear.&quot; Was supposed to drink 3 more cups by 12, but only managed 2. Still slow going - in bathroom every hour right up to procedure. Needless to say, I was exhausted. I told the doc I wasn 't sure I was cleaned out but after the procedure she said it was ok (and I 'm cleared for 5 yrs!)But - terrible cramps after procedure. Asked husband to stay near because I thought I 'd faint from pain. And 24 hrs after dose 1 I 'm still prepping. Food is going right through me. Never again. Drink tons of water if you try it.
If I could give this a negative rating I would . . . I had treated a yeast infection some months back thinking nothing of it grabbing the usual Monostat 1.  Applied before bed woke up the next morning with the WORST pain, my crotch was swollen, painful and radiating heat!  I sucked it up that day but soon bought douche.  Once I washed it out the pain and swelling went down.  Today like an idiot am finding myself debating which treatment to use and find that the one day cream is the ONLY monostat treatment with this drug in it.  Stand in the aisle debating but go with it anyways. . . BIG MISTAKE.  Started feeling burning within 5 minutes of application.  Washed out what I could and crossing my fingers for tomorrow =/
Third colonoscopy, first time with this prep.Positive: can eat eggs and cheese the day before the procedureNegative: Expensive and did not completely clean me outI did the 2 step process. 4pm day before tool the initial dose followed by five 8 oz glasses of water. Experienced results in 1 1/2 hour and then for the next 8 hours. The next morning at 4:15 took the 2nd dose followed by five glasses of water with NO results whatsoever. Nothing. Called the endoscopy clinic at 7am and they said to come in early for my appointment. I had to have a tap water enema to finish the prep. My colonoscopy was at 10:45am and I was home by 1pm. At 4:00pm I started getting explosive watery stools like the prep started working 8 hours later!
I have been on Bupropion xl 150 mg for 3 months. The major side effect is my sex drive has diminished and my erections are non-erections. I get a little hard and then during sex I go soft. I am calling my Dr today. It did help with the depression but, I 'd rather be depressed then lose my sex drive.
I have Major Depressive Disorder, Anxiety, and severe ADHD. I took Wellbutrin for four days and at first it was fine then I quickly developed hot flashes and eventually started freaking out and having unrelenting suicidal thoughts. Guess it just didn 't work for me, but it didn 't make me tired.
I was on Demulin and Zovia from the first time I got my period until three months ago, I 'm 35, so literally 20 years. I LOVED that pill. No side effects and a very light period like clockwork down to the hour. After turning 35 my doctor said I needed a low estrogen pill and she switched me to Gildess. First month I had tender breasts, which never happened before, cramping, and my period lasted over a week. Second month I started getting nauseous every day, bad cramps, but only got my period for an hour. Four days ago I started my third month and I 've been so sick. Debilitating cramps, severe nausea and overall feel like death. The doctor told me today to stop the pill right away. I 've never in my 35 years of life felt this sick from BC.
Took Fetzima 40mg for first time last night, kept waking up all night, horrible gas, woke in the morning(5am) and had to throw up, also had excessive sweating, headache, overall sour stomach. Will not continue taking medication, have never had such a bad reaction to antidepressant before today.
Severe headaches, edema of both feet, felt disoriented. All went away when I stopped taking the drug.
The insertion was excruciating. The entire time I had it, I felt a dull pain localized to my cervix (I couldn 't even touch my cervix because it would send a shooting pain up my uterus). It made sex impossible because my partner would feel the strings, I would get sharp shooting pains during penetration, and my natural lubrication was non-existent. I would bleed after sex and have cramps for days afterwards, with sharp localized pain. Three months in, it travelled upwards and I got it removed. I 've been bleeding for two weeks now, with huge blood clots and soaking through super tampons in less than two hours. I 've been breaking out.
Although this medication did decrease my daughters absence seizures, if she took this at any time 30 min before or after eating, she had a severe reaction.  Her throat would burn inside and out, her face would flush, she would get dizzy and unable to focus. This would last about 5-10 min. and then she would get so tired, she would instantly fall asleep and sleep for hours.  She was at a pretty high dose during this time 1050mg 2x daily.  We finally stopped this medication, because of the stress of having to watch so closely when she ate and when she could take this medication.
I got nexplanon April 2015 and the first month my hormones had me angry at everything. Then at the end of the month I started my period and it didn 't stop until September. Then it restarted the next month and I 'm still on it, almost a year after getting it put in I have basically been on my period. I have plans to get it out as soon as my insurance issues get worked out. I will never use it again and I will never recommend anyone to use it. Its not worth being on your period nonstop.
Had 1st shot of Simponi and didn 't notice any change. I was also taking 2 pills of methotrexate. Doc upped methotrexate to 6 pills. I had been getting muscle spasms intermittently since starting Simponi. After 3rd shot, I got the muscle spasms the next day and they lasted for a week. Doc took me off Simponi due to the muscle spasms and also because I didn 't notice any change in AS. 
Awful drug. I was on it for about a year straight and I could never comprehend anything. All though it did take away my anxiety it ruined my Brain. I couldn 't retain information I always forgetting and misplacing things. Best thing I did was get off this drug. I swear it made dumb. I can 't even remember words sometimes and when I was training at work on this medication I had such a hard time I would forget what was literally just taught to me. Since I been off of it now for about 6 months things have returned back to normal except for my vocabulary and spelling.
Worst ever. Mood swings. Depressed. Doesn 't feel like I get enough sleep. I get angry then sad for no real reason. I am also noticing an increase in appetite, break outs, no energy. This is the most horrible bc because one is not going to be able to function to lead a normal life. I 'm so disappointed that it has cause irregular bleeding. 
Worst akathesia - anxiety, very hyper, pacing, tachycardia.
I can 't believe I fell for the tamiflu scam! I took it the first day of symptoms. ..4 days and 100 dollars later I just get progressively worse! Don 't fall for this products claims! It does not work!
This medication should be taken off the market.  It has too many FDA warnings on it for it ever to be taken lightly, and frankly I don 't think it should be prescribed as a migraine preventative or for the vast majority of conditions above.   I was only on it for 3 weeks, 1 week at 50 mg the other two at 25 mg.  This is what happened to me:-Early signs of glaucoma (eye swelling and bloodshot eyes)-Hearing loss that has yet to be reversed-Fibromyalgia like symptoms-Extreme tightness and muscle pain in my face and along my TMJ, which caused dysphagia, other problems-Shortness of breath and heart issues-Tremors, very bad tingling, and light flashes in my eyes which were not a product of my migraineMy advice? Avoid!!!
OMG worth thing I have ever done in my life was use this birth control !!! I had it since March of 2015 and I 've been bleeding ever since EVERY DAY!!!! Doc said it will take up to 6 to 7 months for my body to adjust but JESUS... The mood swings I 've got are insane ... I cry for everything , feel sad , depressed ..... I 'm always hungry .... I 've gained like 30 pounds with this .... My relationship with my boyfriend is going down since I get angry for everything and suddenly sad ... I 'm getting it removed finally this Friday .... Don 't get this !!! It will make your body think your are pregnant and you will have those symptoms every moths ... rate this a 1 cause I couldn 't give a ZeRO
Originally started as a means to treat cystic acne and alleviate period cramps. Anxiety runs in my family, but I 've never had it severely until I started taking this birth control. It 's been three months and a few days into the fourth pack, and I 've had enough. I went from someone who 's never broken down about last minute assignments to someone who cries everyday for no discernible reason and can 't manage even the simplest classwork. I also started off completely fine with my FWB, but now I 've become dependent and paranoid even though he 's one of my closest friends and I never had these issues before. It 's like I 'm a different person entirely, and I hate it.
I didn 't care for this at all. It didn 't control my periods at all, I still had my 7 day long periods when other birth controls I have taken controlled it by the most 5 days, and I feel like my mood swings were severe where was scared of myself, not normal. My acne seemed to be worse than usual. I stuck myself with it for a year to see if any changes would happen and nothing changed so I swapped birth control.
I took one pill at onset, then took a second pill after 2 hours of no relief, as directed.  I spent a total of 5 hours puking and uncoordinated, except for the hour the 2nd pill knocked me out with drowsiness.  My migraine never subsided and continued to rage in full force during and after the side effects.  Will not take again.
It 's only been a month. I have anxiety as it is, this birth control made it 100x worse. The last couple of weeks I haven 't been sleeping because I 've been up with anxious feelings and had panic attacks for no reason. I haven 't been feeling myself at all, I feel depressed. I didn 't really experience mood swings, but my anxiety was so much worse. I just finished my period and it 's safe to say that I will not start my new pack next week.
When I was 16 I went on it for only a month, though I was prescribed for 9, on 80mg a day. I don 't like, and regret a lot. While I was on it I averaged 1-2 nosebleeds a day, sore lips, soreness, blah blah, but that doesn 't really bother me that much, but for the first month after the medication, I could NOT get an erection, just like that. No sex drive. I 'm back to 50 percent now, but it won 't go up anymore.
This med is horrible! I was on Victosa but my insurance stopped covering it and I was told this was the equivalent. So wrong. This burns horribly going in and uses a large gauge needle. I would rather give myself 5 or more insulin injection a day then this.
I have bipolar 1 with psychotic features, I got off of risperdal that I was only on for a couple of weeks and immediately started saphris. I 'm an artist, and when I 'm manic I create a lot. Within an hour in my first night of taking Saphris, I began to see colors very brightly , euphoria, &quot;hey dad I feel REALLY good.&quot; Then I drew up 12 doodles in under 30 minutes. That night I could not sleep well and began to hear laughing in my room. I was verrrrry manic. When I woke up the next day I worked out at the gym for 3 hours and then went to the park to walk a lap. When I looked in the sky I was seeing UFOs and wondering if they were communicating with me. (hallucinations)That night I was having more auditory hallucinations before bed.
I got my implant in October 2015.First month my period seemed normal,then like 2weeks later I got my period again, lasting longer then usual. I went for a week with no bleeding. And now I have been bleeding straight for 20days.No wonder this is an effective birth control option, my boyfriend barely wants to have sex --unless we 're in the shower. lol.but no joke, I don 't like it and lately I have been feeling dizzy. I 'm contacting my doctor this week to see what she has to say. But if by the beginning of the year my body has not &quot;regulated&quot; with this birth control, I will have it removed.
Terrible, terrible experience. At first, didn 't have a period for 2 months. Started getting it every 2 months- than my period in January lasted for a month. Got 2 in March, this one is lasting me going on two weeks. The amount of money I spend on sanitary products is unreal. I am constantly worrying about when it 's going to end, and it makes a healthy sex life impossible. I am getting it removed as soon as possible. Would not recommend to anyone.
I cannot account for those with Bi-Polar I, but this may apply to you if you have been diagnosed with social anxiety, Bipolar II or a mild form of the disorder. On 1000mg (combined with 200mg Lamictal) I felt &quot;far away&quot; when talking to people. I cut back down to 500mg. I began to feel it was inhibiting my creativity; sometimes I felt &quot;dumb.&quot; I used other drugs to combat the Depakote from holding me back. Plus drinking on it caused depression and knocked me out. My doctor should not have put me on this medication to treat me for anxiety.
I 've been on Cymbalta for about a year now. I was taking it for depression and anxiety disorder along with other medications. About 6 months ago I became severely depressed and suicidal. I was put on two more different drugs for mood stabilization. Nothing would help. My doctor did not once tell me that the Cymbalta could be the cause of my increased depression. I finally was taken of the Cymbalta and put on a new drug 6 days ago. Barely 24 hours after the Cymbalta was out of my system my suicidal thoughts and severe depression was almost completely depleted. 
I only took this medicine once. The 1st night I was very anxious and unable to sleep plus my pulserate was irregular and fast. Decided to just use Xanax for difficulty sleeping and no side effects. Citalopram was prescribed to me for insomnia and anxiety after my husband died unexpectedly. Following side effects of Citalopram tried Zoloft.
Thanks to paxil (paroxetine) my life got basically destroyed. I was depressed before taking it,  yes,  but i hadn 't mood swings,  0 emotions,  sexual disfunctions,  cognitive issues,  tremors,  memory not working. I feel like an empty shell. Avoid please
I am a 33 year old female. I was Ddiagnosed with ADD when I was 10 years old. I have been on all the older ADD medicines. Ritalin, Vyvanse and Focalin. This is my third week on Intuniv. I started on the 3mg dose last night. I can hardly get up in the morning. I am so tired at work. When I get home, all I want to do is sleep. I am also so cranky. I am also noticing that I am having the famous &quot;ADD stare&quot; often. I haven 't had that in years. I started this medicine because the Concerta 72 mg I take every morning at 7am is wearing off at 1pm.
I have never written an online review but I felt the need! I was previously on lo lolestrin for years and just got blisovi in the mail claiming it is the &quot;same pill but looks different&quot;. No way! Automatically I experienced headaches everyday, tiredness to where I can 't even move, mood swings, and I feel hungover everyday! I usually eat healthy and work out but the first week I started taking the pill, I could barely move out of my bed. I eat less but crave greasy unhealthy foods which is not my usual diet whatsoever. I feel as if I 'm retaining water. I also have cried every day the past week over nothing!!!!! So angry about this pill and that they can just switch pills without consulting ! also experience constant thirst. Stay away!!!!!
I am 22 years old and in the last couple of years my skin has gone through some changes. I have oily/combo skin and acne prone. I went to the dermatologist hoping for a simple fix product as I was only trying to control small breakouts. I did not go in with terrible acne, maybe like 3 active pimples. He prescribed Onexton and Epiduo. Told me to use Epiduo at night and Onexton during the day. I had to stop using Epiduo after one week because it was so terribly drying it was changing my skin color. I continued Onexton and my skin got so much WORSE. I continued using for 3 weeks and decided to stop because my breakouts were out of control. I 've never had skin this bad before. Switching to an all-natural routine. Fingers crossed.
My pharmacy started to give me these pills as the cheaper version of my regular birth control and in the first week I started to have horrible side effects. My breasts became so sore that I couldn 't even graze my hand on them without wincing and on top of that it gave me a UTI. Don 't know how good they work on the birth control part because I was unable to have intercourse because of what it was doing to me.
Started HUMIRA 8 weeks ago and my Psoriasis is worse than ever. It is causing worsening of itching, my hands and feet are dryer, itchy, painful than ever. I am developing new lesions in areas I never had before. My Dermatologist recommended to take it another 4 weeks but it is unbearable.  I read that some patients develop anti drug antibodies, I suspect I may be one of them.
I was prescribed this pill for edema. I took it sporadically, maybe once a week. Then increased to twice a week. I noticed I began having panic attack symptoms. They would come out of nowhere. Inability to breathe normally, gasping for air. I kept thinking they were random panic attacks of which I 'd never had in the past. Last night I took a pill at 8 p.m. within an hour, i woke myself up from dozing off in my recliner. I couldn 't breathe again. This time it was accompanied with almost a wheezing feeling in my chest. I couldn 't walk without gasping for air. I took 2 Benadryl waited 20 min, took another &amp; all the symptoms vanished. I feel like my A- blood type has made me super sensitive to meds. Ugh.
I have used this for about 3 wks now and I have more pimples now then when I started. The only thing I have noticed is that pimples are not as large when I am on this. I am going to keep at it for a few more weeks to see what happens. I have had this same response on other antibiotics
I 've been taking this pill for 10 days. I 've always had great skin (I 've been told by many doctors) and after just 10 days I 'm suffering from cystic acne, the likes of which I have never seen. I would not recommend this pill to ANYONE.
This was a nightmarish experience for me. I ran out of my regular Temazepam and forgot to pick it up at the pharmacy, so I popped a 20mg Belsomra that my MD gave me a free sample of. About an hour into the drug, I started feeling very dizzy and my head felt so heavy, and I immediately felt this strong urge to knock out and fall into a deep slumber, so I went to my bed and started falling asleep. However, I started experiencing major sleep paralysis - it felt like it lasted for a long time, and my body just couldn 't move even though my mind was fully aware and conscious of what was happening. Later on during the night, I kept falling asleep and waking up sporadically. By this morning, I was beat and vowed never to take this again.
I shouldn 't have ever chosen this, but there was no way to know how negatively it would effect my body without trying it. The first 6 months weren 't bad whatsoever, I was always told to ride out the first 6 any ways considering your body has to adjust. I stopped having periods altogether, which was glorious. All the other side effects the 3yrs afterwards... not so much. My breast drastically fluctuated in sizes, felt like someone had used them for punching bags. My cramps were painful like never before. Ovarian cysts. Lethargic, my mental clarity was a thing of the past. Acne. Depression. Anxiety. Mood swings like no other. My cycle came back and was heavy and off. Blood clots. No weight gain, but considering everything else who cares.
Xarelto  caused weight gain , tingling, numbness and pain in arms as well as hands approximately 2 months after I began taking it. I 'm not sure if this is permanent or not, stopped taking a week ago and still having these side effects. This was not a positive experience unsure until I see my Dr. if their is permanent damage.
Have had insomnia and anxiety for years. Get 2-3 hours sleep in a night. Started out with temazepam 15 mg  - nothing.  So the Dr upped it to 30 mg but still nothing. I&rsquo;m feeling lost. I need sleep badly. I&rsquo;m also dealing with Reflex sympathetic dystrophy (RSD) and no pain meds work so was hoping the temazepam would at least help to get me a good night sleep through the pain. 
Hi everyone. I am going to start by saying that every birth control works differently on every body and gene type, but I can say that TriNessa is showing me how horrible birth control can be.  I started taking birth control when I was 15 and have been using TriNessa since then.  This was my first birth control.  I was OK for the first 3 years of my life, acne great, no weight gain, no irregular bleeding, but my period was heavy and my mood swings were absolutely insane. From having serious depression to anxiety about everything.  For the past two years now, I have been starting to gain weight as I am 20.  I have put on at least 20 pounds and still have depression and anxiety.  I just went off of it today, and hope I can be myself again.
Never have I ever had an itch SO intense before, oh. my. gosh. It 's HORRIBLE, I 'm literally so embarrassed I 'm sitting on an ice pack desperately searching on my phone how to get it to go away. -___-
I have battled psoriasis for 15 yrs trying nearly every topical &amp; biologic treatment available.  The only drug that ever provided me with 100% clear skin was Stelara, but unfortunately it stopped working after 3 years.  I have been on Taltz for about 5 months.  After my first two injections I experienced a reduction in plaques &amp; itching and that progress remained while I was on the bi-weekly injections although I never cleared up by more than about 40%.  As soon as I finished the bi-weekly loading period &amp; had to wait a month in between injections my skin immediately reverted to the level of severity experienced prior to beginning Taltz.  No negative side effects but this injection hurts more than Stelara, Humira, Cosyntex, &amp; Enbrel.
I was on Aviane for a month and a half and I can honestly say it was one of the worst expiriences of my life. I never had a problem with acne, I would get a pimple here or there ocassionally but Aviane made me breakout horribly. I am left with scarring from it and although it has gotten a lot better I am still trying to get rid of some of the acne. I felt depressed and emotional while taking it and definately had mood changes while on it. My period lasted 7 days on this and it came with horrible cramping and blood clots. I began to feel better just days after stopping this pill. I would not recommend it to anyone. The worst mistake I have made was to go on this pill.
Expensive treatment that doesn 't even replace all injections. Just replaces mealtime insulin. Not basal insulin. Not worth it
I was on Lupron for a year (2006 -2007) and I have never felt the same. I am going on 50 but my body feels 100 years old. I was once described as a vivacious and enthusiastic individual. Today, I can barely keep up with friends and family (many of them are older than me). 
I was on this birth control for 2 months. It made my face breakout worse than anything I 've ever experienced, caused skin rash, worsened depression, random headaches, sinus problems and fatigue. I also missed a period while on it. 
I would not recommend this to anyone, I have taken a few times in hope that I 've just had a bad time with it. I have taken late at night woken up at about 5am til 7am with awful stomach pains, hoping it 's just wind which doesn 't go away, sweating, weak crying in pain, I eventually start to be sick which is illumious yellow then followed by what is blood coming up, eventually I am able to go to the toilet which will then ease the pain and I can go back to bed, two hours up in agony for a few moments on the toilet, it is not worth it at all.
Please be very careful, and I repeat very careful. My doctor prescribed xanas to treat my panic disorders from underground stations (london) phobia of being under the earth 's surface. I was managing fine with other medication such as vistaril which did a great job but was keeping me tired.Almost two months later I asked my doctor to take me off them, because xanax just makes me want to sleep and sit on the coach doing nothing, we tried all dosages and I still felt sad inside. Here is the shocking part, only 8 days after my last dose (which was weaned slowly over two weeks), I had my first ever seizure at the age of 29.I never had seizures, no family history, never ever will I touch this stupid medicine again, never.
I was admitted to a hospital cardiac care unit following an MI.  I received Ambien and woke up from sleep profoundly confused and hostile.  I ripped out of my arms and legs all the IV and EKG leads, and then left my bed, marching to the double doors of the CCU.  Female nurses were screaming, for I was naked and bloody from the leads being torn away from my body.The bravest man I ever met was a young CNA who stepped in front of me, telling me &quot;You cannot leave the CCU.&quot;  Considerably shorter and lighter than me, his action was totally courageous, given that I was in a temporary, drug-induced altered mental state.  I recall only vaguely warning him that I would throw him against the wall if he blocked me.  I awakened, embarrassed, ashamed.
CVS and my insurance switched me from brand name minsatrin to generic mibelas. I had beautiful skin and never had an acne problem until I went on mibelas. About a month after starting mibelas I developed cystic acne that was not only painful but has left significant scarring on the sides of my face at 24 years old. Immediately after stopping it, the acne stopped. My gynecologist got me off that god awful brand and told me that though the pharmacist and insurance will claim that generic and brand name are the same, they are not. Thanks a lot for ruining my face mibelas. While the nominal out of pocket cost was $0, I have spent hundreds to get rid of these cysts on the side of my face.
I 've been on the shot for three years now. My first year on the shot everything went smooth beside the fact I spotted after sex. However my last two years on the shot I gained 40 pounds. I experienced shortness of breath , depression, anxiety , pelvic pain , stiffness in muscles ( which was awful because I was a dancer ) tiredness and a huge increase in appetite. Even though the shot stopped my periods and pain.. I would not recommend this to anyone. Now my body is slowly getting back on track .
I took the PlanB within 12 hours of having unprotected sex. I felt some mild nausea and cramping in the days following. This morning I am one week late and took a pregnancy test only to find out that it didn 't work.
I have had all 4 of my wisdom teeth removed 2 days ago. To deal with the pain after my numbing injections wore off, I was prescribed Tylenol 3. When I got home, the pain from the operation was already starting to kick in, so I took one at 5 pm (which was when I got home) in hope of relieving my pain before trying to get to bed. I sat there in pain for the next 12 hrs, taking another pill every 4 hrs, and not a single bit of pain relief or drowsiness came to my aid.
Have been on Humira for 2 months. Discontinued Endicort as MRI showed it was not working although I felt good. Within weeks got very sick again with fatigue, joint pain and abdominal pain. I had to go off work. Gastro Doctor prescribed prednisone for 5 weeks to bide me more time for the Humira to start working which was very effective for the pain. Have just finished the prednisone 5 days ago so am waiting for my Crohns symptoms to return. So far so good but my energy level is low
I am 28 years old and overnight it seems like acne just took over my life for the pass three months all I do is cry...went a derm and he prescribe me spiro 50mg and 50mg of antibiotics Just started on Dec 2 so I will update progress but no improvement so far
Been on this shot since June 14. Started experiencing abdominal pain on July 2 and spotting on July 4. SEVERE abdominal cramps as of July 4 that continues. I turned up anemic, when I had not been just 1 month before. As of today, I am still experiencing abdominal cramps periodically, continue to spot or have what seems like a full fledged period, alternately, without any pattern. My Gyno placed me on the shot to stop my heavy bleeding due to Uterine Fibroids. I will not take a second shot, as along with the heavy bleeding continuing as before, I have severe pain, extreme fatigue, weight gain even after increased physical activity.
I had stomach cramps in the morning. I was in so much pain it was ridiculous and then ended up with diarrhea which was not what i was expecting. If u want something to completely flush out your system then great. But I personally wouldn 't go through the pain again as it made me ill.
This stuff is GARBAGE!! I suffer from endometriosis, sciatica and fibromyalgia. I 've been on norco &amp; percocet for the last 15 years, and have completed several rounds of PT. I also take ibuprofen prn. Went to see my new PCP and was rudely told it 's time to &quot;let the percocet go.&quot; As if I 'm a child clinging to my favorite teddy bear lol. She also informed me that my pain is a result of emotional trauma and that I must have had a horribly abusive childhood! A *nurse practitioner* attempting to psycho analyze people! Hahaha!! After taking just 100 mg of gabapentin I had blurry vision and was so lethargic I could not get out of bed for 12 hours straight. It also caused very bad pins and needles in both legs. Avoid this stuff like the plague!!!!
I take Viibryd for depression and it works well for the depression, however, I have only been taking it for 3 months, and I have lost at least 65% of my hair.  I know this is because of the Viibryd. My hair used to be extremely thick, and now it 's a fine texture and over half of it has fallen out in the course of just a couple months. I am going to have to discontinue and hope that my hair grows back. 
I was prescribed this medication at 20mg and took it for 10 years.  I never associated the drug with my constant cough and breathing problems and neither did any physician.  I was even hospitalized and tested for everything.  Diagnosed over the years with asthma, gout and high blood sugar.  I had complete work up and heart cath and there was nothing. I had many pulmonary work ups and all the treatments.  Who puts up with years of coughing?  Avoiding social situations, close contact, speaking engagements.  I tried everything.  FINALLY, an allergist said it was my meds.  Stopped taking this drug and within 10 days I was as good as new.  Terrible drug for me!
I started seasonique due to my endometriosis &amp; my Dr wanted to stop my periods. I started the pill on 10/15 didn 't bleed from then to 11/26 then I started spotting at first then this turned into red heavy bleeding from then on. After failed attempts of trying to call &amp; get into see my Dr. after 18 days of bleeding I went to the ER where they did nothing but a pregnancy test &amp; some regular blood work, that came back normal, and told me I had dysfunctional uterine bleeding due to endometriosis! I then called my Dr again after telling them I went to the ER they then were able to get me in 5 days later at this time I 've been 23 days after an examination the Dr wants me to stay on seasonique for 7 more days taking it not once but three times a day!
I bought the plan b around the beginning of March because my boyfriend and I took a trip for his birthday. I didn 't take the pill that weekend but I prayed that everything was okay and it was. I was being very careful not to have sex during the time I was ovulating but I had a slip up towards the end of May. I remembered I had the pill in my drawer, so I took it within hours of having sex. I expected everything to be fine after that.I was wrong. My period was supposed to start two days ago but it didn 't come. I took a test just to rule out pregnancy, it was positive. I am highly pissed.
I 've been on this pill for about 6 months and the first 3 or 4 months I was using the 28 day pack. A couple months ago my pharmacy switched me to the 21 day pack and ever since I have been getting my period on the second week of pills. This &quot;period&quot; lasts up until I start my next pill pack. I suppose I can be thankful that I 'm not pregnant but if you 're considering taking this pill to help regulate your cycle like I did, definitely do another brand.
Abilify caused weight gain in my instance - I gained 10 kg, which is a lot for someone that was once petite. I lost all my confidence. I have been battling with Bipolar for years and never have I been on such an ineffective drug. I think it should just be taken off the market.
Tramodol does not work well for painful pain. It makes me buzzy and then very nauseous.
Contrave gave me heart issues and it makes you feel really sick.  Needs to be off the market
My daughter was taking Generess for two years loved it but then insurance doesnt cover it and the whopping $142 monthly to continue just couldnt afford.  So we tried Trinessa and only in the first month but my daughter has had such severe bleeding the entire time she has been on this pill also has had some blood clots.  I know it takes a little time to get in your system and work effectively but not sure if she will continue on this or not.  But has helped awesomely with her acne.
(20 days of pure HELL)!! My doctor added Bystolic 10 mg (gave me 3 weeks samples) to help lower my heart rate and blood pressure... I was on Caduet 10mg and Hydrochlorotizide 25mg for over 10 years but recently my bp was not being stable. The 1st day on Bystolic I experienced cold legs and my bp was 132 / 84 better than my 142 / 90.. My short time on Bystolic I started having vivid horrific dreams and was waking up with cold sweat and high bp of 158 / 98 ... During the 1st week I also lost about 2 seconds of consciousness and became very light headed and foggy minded which remained until I demanded my Dr to take me off of Bystolic which he didn 't want to do 
Took one dose of Ziac, for first time, felt tenderness, tightness, and  pressure in right chest area, short of breath, became weak, left arm became numb, felt like pins and needles were sticking me, ended up at emergency room with chest pains, but blood pressure was lowered, felt very fatigued, still feel extremely tired. Moving extremely slow. 
Side effects: heart palpitations &amp; pounding, insomnia, numb hands, 24/7 panic attack even in my home lying in bed, fearful of getting out of bed, leaving the house. Frequent diarrhea &amp; abdominal pain. Auditory hallucinations. Had to stop, not even remotely tolerable. I got tested by  'Assurex Health ' Genesight testing which showed this to be on my  'green ' list. I see that they billed my insurance $6,224.00 and my responsibility is $1300.00 but I was told there was some sliding scale so we 'll see. They 're making a killing on these tests and I 'm afraid to try anything else on their green list, since they 're all newer drugs, all costing in the range of $250 to $400, seems like there is something going on that doesn 't benefit patients/victims
It definitely calmed my anxiety but left me drowsy.  I took 25mg once a day for two weeks and was able to function somewhat normally despite the fatigue factor. After two weeks, for some reason, it began making me so tired that I was unable to function during the day. I tried halving and even quartering the amount, but it still left me unable to stay awake during the day.  When I was awake, I was lethargic and depressed.
I stared taking the sister medicine of victoza which is saxenda OMG for the first week at 0.6 I was very nauseated, diarrhea, constpation and abd pain. I stopped taking then 3 weeks later she prescribed victoza the first week was fine no S&amp;S the second week everything hit me at once nausea, and pain, diarrhea, and constpation I stopped taking it. It has been 5 days and I 'm still ill the constpation is horrible along with still being nauseated. When will this go away and oh the belching will not let me sleep! I will not recommend this medication to anyone. I will never take it again!
I 'm on day 3 of zoloft I think I 'm going to stop I feel angry more depressed no motivation to do anything, feel like I can 't handle my kids. Super dizzy and over it like 10x more suicidal then I 've ever been. Also kind of feel numb and like I can 't think properly. Not a good feeling and I don 't think its worth waiting it out...
Thus drug is the most horrid thing I have ever been on, so far been taking  75mg for two weeks to help with my depression, I feel like a zombie always tired and always weak, just feel like vomiting or my head is pounding! Would not recommend for anyone.
I&acute;ve had my Mirena removed, after a year and a half with it, for almost a year now. From the beginning to the end it was a nightmare. My periods were endlessly, I was getting the shape of a balloon, my breasts were huge, I&acute;ve had daily hives for a period, my fingers developped arthritis, it felt like my body was collapsing, always tired and in a weird mood.Nowadays, I am much better, my period is back to its normality....but the extra weight is still a problem...almost there!
More like Xyrem distress! What an awful medicine. It is expensive and it does not work. Don 't waste your money. Find something else to help you sleep.
The only good thing about this implant was that it prevented pregnancy but whats the point of that when I don 't even have the desire for sex. I was so confused because things in my life were going so well, I was going to therapy and improving my mental health. However throughout the 6 months on it my mental health declined as well as my sex drive and I started to get very anxious and thinking everyone was out to get me. I felt like an alien when I talked to people, I distanced myself from everyone. I had it out two days ago and I can already feel that I 'm feeling better, I can 't tell if this is in my mind or the hormone starting to leave but my sex drive has definitely started to improve. There 's a lot more  want to say but theres no space
Well girls I absolutely do  not recommend Implanon, let me tell you a little bit of my journey with it. I got Implanon on 8 August of 2016 and today I took it out the 17June of 2017 its been a nightmare. Of course it does what it suppose to do which is not getting you pregnant but on the other side it is the most horrible thing that has happened to me because of the side effects. 1. My period started to be irregular and after 3 months my period just disappeared 2. I am a person that always try to take care of my skin and after one month of having Implanon my skin started to be dry, breakout a lot even on my back 
If I could give this thing a zero I would -  its absolutely vile!! I don 't recommend to any woman at all, I am 23 &amp; regret it deeply. It has killed my sex drive to the point I don 't do a whole lot of sexual stuff or even think of sex at all. I 've gone off sex for god knows how long.  I had this thing the Nexplanon fitted 8/02/2016 February 2016 and first couple of months was fine it stopped the bleeding after a month in March,Then around August 2016 I noticed a massive weight gain without any extreme change in diet exercise, It felt like I was a pregnant lady which (I am not as I  don 't like children &amp; never want them hense the implant fitted.) &amp; I also had severe reduced motivation with extreme tiredness &amp; extreme mood swings
I had two injections of depo-provera when I was 25. The first shot was fine, no abnormal physical side effects, maybe a little spotting during what should have been my menstrual cycle. Then about a month after the 2nd shot I cascaded into a deep depression that involved suicidal thoughts. My libido was also gone and it took over a year after the 2nd and final injection to feel better in terms of the depression.  My libido never recovered. I am now 45. My last sexual encounter was when I was 32. I firmly believe that depo-provera is responsible.  But hey, bright side, right? I didn 't get pregnant :/
My first shot was July 16, 2013, the last shot was March 24, 2014. Four shots total and in that time I had some type of vaginal discharge every month. I wore some type of pantyliner or pad everyday during this time because I never knew if I would have a period. The bleeding wasn 't always heavy, but I bled enough that I became iron deficient anemic.  I did experience larger than normal clots some months. I wanted to try the full year to see if my periods would ever stop, but the lack of iron made me get off Depo.
Got this Feb. 25 of this year, on the first day of my period. That period lasted 12 days long, the longest I 've ever had one. 2 weeks later, I started to get spotting. It 's been 6 days now, and the spotting is enough for a liner. Some times it looks like its done, but then when I check a couple hours later, it 's back. If this is what the next 3 years are gonna be like (small breaks between periods or constant spotting), then I 'm getting this thing out. The only reason I got it was to try to stop or lighten my periods. I guess I 'll try to give it another month before I decide what to do.
I am 42 years old just started taking Microgestin FE 1/20 for nine days before developing shortness of breath and inability to sleep.  Called my Doctor 's office to inform and was told to stop taking the pill.  Hoping I will have better luck with a different brand.
Got prescribed this as I 'm allergic to prednisone. On it for 3 weeks but only taking 1/2 of the 500 pill daily with food as it was making me quite nauseated and continues but not as bad. A little apprehensive about taking a new medicine (FDA approval 05/11). 
This medicine was horrible for me. I started off at a low dose. It gave me horrible anxiety, mood swings and horrifying negative thoughts. I would never take this medicine again.
I was diagnosed with an abdominal infection after stool testing. I took ONE pill and ended up in the ER. Within minutes of swallowing Cipro, my lips started to swell&mdash;then my eyes and whole face followed. My throat started getting scratchy so I went to the ER because I was scared my throat would swell to the point that I couldn 't breathe. After this incident, I thoroughly researched Cipro and along with other drugs in its class&mdash;I will never take any of them. They are so scary. Yes, it 's true that any drug can cause harm, but these drugs carry a much greater risk. Much greater.
My mom was put on o.25 mg nightly Klonopin after having likely withdrawal and memory issues from Ambien.  She experienced anxiety, panic attacks and random episodes of fright/panic and memory loss.  The doctors of course raised the dose to 0.5mg given the anxiety and the symptoms got worse - more anxiety, random attacks and withdrawal symptoms in the morning.  So they raised it to 0.75mg and she got even worse. I had to take control of the situation and spread the medicine out to 3x 0.25.  This helped significantly but nervousness continued. The doctor not understanding her sensitivity decided to reduce the frequency, not the dose and this resulted in terrible withdrawal symptoms. Now using dissolved 0.125mg rapid dissolve tablets to titrate off.
Had Versed for cataract surgery.  OK post surgery but woke up from nap afterward with uncontrollable emotions, terrifying. It 's 3 1/2 months later and I 'm still having occasional flooding of anxiety and depression. Also had memory problems for 2 months.  horrific experience, I will never be given this drug again.
I took 2 of these at around 8, I fell asleep soon after.. I woke up all through the night with terrible cramps. Then at 2am I was stuck in the bathroom with diarrhea my stomach still hurts and I feel like I 'm going to throw up. Never will I take this again. I have school in a few hours and I hope I 'm good to go. &gt;.&lt;
Had Mirena Coil fitted on Sept 10th as my cycle was very unpredictable ranging from 16 days to over 2 months and heavy bleeding when it did arrive. Insertion was painful and almost took my breath away, had stomach and back cramps for first 5 days . Now on day 37 and have bleed or spotted for 29 of these days, having it removed on tuesday......... roll on menopause !!!!!
Landed in a number of mental health hospitals starting when I was about eight, ending when I was 17. On and off, months at a time, not constantly. 1970s medical thought was giving a boy child Ritalin would slow him down, I proved that not to always be the case as it made me bounce off of walls with hyperactivity which the psychiatrists would treat with ever increasing doses of Thorazine injected into a buttock with four-six orderlies holding me down and an RN following instructions by knocking me out with the Thorazine. I would fight the sleep but it always got me. When I was awoken between (I think) 8-12 hours later, I felt like death warmed over, could not eat, HUNGOVER, raised hell next day for it. Not cool at all to do to a child.
I have been on the Pill for a month now. &amp; it 's the worst. THE WORST. Ladies do not get this. Two days in a row I 've jumped up at 4:30am with the WORST lower abdominal cramps. I 've also been bleeding since the 17th it is now the 30th. My sister is a nurse &amp; INSISTED I stopped taking this. She said this isn 't the first time she 's heard bad things about this specific brand. Also said girls come into the hospital all the time because of this birth control with major problems. My moods have been everywhere. My sex drive has disappeared. Just don 't get this!
This medication was the WORST one yet. I felt like I was dying. I had a cough that lasted 3 months,  and it  brought on horrendous migraines which I now must take anti seizure medication to control and throbbing pain in my temple and wound up in the ER because the pain was blinding. Since I started this medication I have been in the ER twice, once for the migraine that made me vomit for 2 straight hours and then the pain in my head. The day I stopped Otezla the cough and pain in my head disappeared. I am getting discouraged because I have had this  painful disease for 40 years and I am tired of the disappointment after trying numerous drugs that make me feel worse. Humira worked the best but unfortunately it stopped working after 4 years.
Did not work for me at all.  Out of the several Overactive bladder medicines I have tried, this one was the worst for me. In fact, it made my symptoms worse.  Urgency, accidents, pain and frequency all grew worse and within a matter of days I was back wearing disposable briefs because I had very little bladder control.  Once I stopped it and switched to Sanctura, things improved.
Have been taking Ultram off and on for moderate back pain for about a year.  This has had very little effect on the frequency, duration, or severity of my RLS.
I have had a little discomfort for a few days after going several rounds with antibiotics about 6 weeks ago.  Decided to use Monistat 3 rather than an oral antifungal because they tend to upset my tummy and I am about to go on vacation tomorrow. Worst mistake.  Minutes after application my vagina was on fire and itching more intensely than before application.  I am prone to YI 's and have used Monistat many times.  This will be my last.  Whatever they have done to the chemical composition they ruined a perfectly good product.  Stay away from this and just call your doctor especially if you have been on antibiotics.  They will be more than happy to phone you in a script for Fluconazole.  That 's what I am doing tomorrow.
Been on it for 14 days, first few days showed a big improvement, but then seemed to stop working. Finished course and discomfort is back and getting worse.  Will need to return to doctor.  Unfortunately this is Christmas holiday and office is closed. Disappointed and worried that this condition will be difficult to get rid of.
I am on day 3 of taking this medicine and feel horrible. I haven 't slept in 2 nights and don 't want to eat. I  am calling my doctor in the morning and telling him I will not take anymore of this. I have never felt this bad from a drug before.
I have had panic attacks for 10 years,  I 've been extremely scared of trying medication but I finally got desperate enough to try citalopram. It 's been nearly 2 months since I started and I have yet to feel any relief whatsoever. Started with 10mg then upped to 20mg. I 'm thinking about quitting.
Does me nothing for me
Ughhh. I was on Trivora and finally feeling emotionally stable when Planned Parenthood switched me to the &quot;off brand&quot; Chateal. I read the reviews and actually convinced myself maybe I didn 't need birth control at the moment because I want sexually active. This pill did not look fun. I went to a doctor and asked advice. She said pretty emotionlessly &quot;Just take it&quot; the side effects should be the same as the name brand. If not, they are really just inconvenient, no biggy. Yeah, easy for you to say.The reviews are right! Mood swings, random crying, aggrivated easily, my skin crawls, constant sleepiness. I get home from work, sleep 5-7 then sleep again easily at midnight. More on weekends with really odd dreams. And tbd new pelvic pain. Yay!
Was on .75 for a month as suppose to boost this up to 1.5 -  .75 was not to bad, weight loss, bit of headache now and then. When started 1.5 everything went wrong. I would have a rock hard lump for 3 or 4 days where I put the needle in. Side effect was a feeling like &quot; Hives &quot;  Constantly scratching my belly raw around point of impact. some vomiting, speech was off - more harsh, I work nights and lights were bothering me also contributing to headaches. Been off it 2 weeks now and numbers have went from 8-9 back to 13 's but all the side effects are gone and I feel better, That is what counts to me. :)
It made me want to sleep all day and made me extremely nauseated. After a month of taking 40mg it didn 't touch my ADHD and after a month of 60mg still nothing happened except the side effects. 
Caused upset stomach, the runs as well as tendonitis in knees, ankles, elbows and shoulder.
Have very bad anxiety and panic attacks.  Swear this stuff don 't help /relieve anxiety nor does it stop attacks. I been having panic attacks least 3 times daily.  Prescribed 7.5 mg 2 x daily and all this pill does is make me dizzy, feels like I  got this huge knot in my head, and  there 's this icky awkward slight tired feel to it.  Do feel nauseous as well.: I 'm  24 and been on/off klonopin 1 mg 3 times daily for yrs.  I 'd like to know how the hell this med can help anyone. 2nd time I 've been put on buspar  and  it 's still awful .  Hope this helps someone.  I 'd say skip it and try gabapentin/neurontin instead if non benzos work for you. Good luck.
This pill has given me nothing but trouble. I am now double dosing until my D&amp;C to see if it will stop the bleeding that it caused me for over a month. I should have just lived with the irregular cycles instead of this constant bleeding!
After 5 months on Enbrel no change!  I 've had rheumatoid arthritis for 3 years. Currently use methrotexate and prednisone which offers some relief.  RA is gradually increasing. 
I had my first Lupron shot on August 10, 2012.  I started bleeding August 21, and it is now September 29 and have been bleeding ever since.  I 've had a problem with anemia due to two fibroids.  I had my second Lupron shot on September 10.  I 'm not sure I should continue this because I 'm scared I won 't be able to have surgery on November 2 due to anemia caused by blood loss.  Overall, Lupron is not working for me.
Doctor gave me prescription for Vicodin (5-500: hydrocodone/acetaphenamin) post shoulder surgery: 1 every 4-6 hrs. It blocked the pain HOWEVER within 12 hours made me dizzy and gave me cold sweats and nausea; couldn 't stand up or walk without help. Switched to Ultram/tramadol 50mg 1 every 6 hours (which worked fine - no side effects).
I 'm a 36 year old female and I 've been living with narcolepsy for over 20 years and was just diagnosed about 2 months ago! I have been on Provigil for 1 week. 200mg twice a day with that I still feel like a walking zombie. I have not noticed a change with no side effects. I was taken off of Nuvigil 150mg 1x/day. I did notice a huge difference with that. I remember feeling..wow this is what it feels like to be awake. But it would die out by noontime and barley get me through the rest of my day. I also experienced a dull constant headache and random nausea. It now seems almost worth going back to it and dealing with the side effects.
I 've been on this pill for 6 months, I have lost my sex drive, my cramps are worse then normal, my period last a full week, and I have worse acne then normal. I am changing my b/c at my next doctors visit!
I took this medication to help stabilize my mood.  Within the first few weeks, I began getting muscle spasms in my calves.  It felt like a constant cramp in my calves.  While it did help my stabilize my mood, the constant muscle spasms were too much for me to handle.
This is the worst medication I have ever been given via IV for nausea.. It immediately made me feel horribly anxious, like I could jump out of my skin, it was BAD..
Being an RN, I was very skeptical about birth control pills because of their reputation for causing issues. My OB/GYN encouraged me to take this pill due to a 7cm left ovarian cyst...he said it may help alleviate the issues I was experiencing and prevent further complications. He gave me a couple months worth of samples of Lo Loestrin Fe to try. I will never take birth control again. I took a months worth of the pills and quit. I was experiencing very severe mood swings, depression, etc. - Very unlike me...I have always been very happy and stable. A week ago I quit taking the pills. 
Topamax  is not for me.  I only take 50mg and have side effects, word  retrieval issues, sleepiness, balance issues, etc. But it is the  only one I can take that my stomach can tolerate!Seeking other avenues to control seizures, like reducing the radiation around me particularly at night...appears to be working!
I was on this medicine for about 2 weeks, and I had to quit taking it. My hands started shaking and I also developed a head and neck twitch. I also had a difficult time thinking, reacting and focusing. My vision was blurry and I often felt anxious. It didn 't seem to help as much as it hurt. Now I have to wait to see if my ticks go away. 
Crestor lowered my cholesterol and triglycerides, but I noticed weight gain (20 pounds in a year) and tiredness and no energy. I started having chest pains, arm pain, jaw pain. Cardiologist did a catheterization and found nothing to warrant the symptoms I was having. I stopped the Crestor and within 2 to 3 weeks I feel back to normal and dropped 8 pounds! I have increased my fish oil intake and paying more attention to diet hopefully won 't have to go back on another statin.
This stuff made me more aggressive, i actually now have a crime record because of this, before this medicine my life was manageable, now it 's just a mess, and the doctors won 't give me anything else as they think this isn 't the problem, but funny how when i started taking this, i started getting more angry and i also have a tick, which may be a form of tourettes.
This was the second pill I 've ever tried. It was horrible. It did its job and regulated my periods and prevented pregnancy. I also easily lost the weight I gained with the other pill I tried. BUT it made me feel horribly depressed and I had a numbing feeling in my arm. Fearing it was a blood clot I went straight back to the gyno and luckily it wasn 't a clot but I still had to be switched immediately. These scary side effects made this drug not worth it at all.
I am having severe jaw pain, almost unbearable.   It is one of the most horrible experiences I have ever gone through.   Will not take this drug again.   What is strange is that I didn 't have a problem until after the second shot.  Since then have not only teeth pain but sick with sore throat and cold.  Also bad digestive problems.
I 'm on Nabumetome 750mg BID and I get absolutely no relief!
Very Sickening.
On day six.  Wasn 't sure if I was going to start another day after last night.  Woke at 2 am and couldn 't close my hands, head felt like it was going to blow from the pressure.  Was up with pain all night.  Twitching and sweats.  I have been more agitated, emotional, and depressed (more than usual).  Doctor put me on this after last appointment.  I have been seeing several doctors regarding calf pain. Also, taking Celexa for emotional, agitation for several months now.  She thought combo would help with both problems.  I want to get through all the side effects, that most see going away the longer they take it.  Not sure I will if I have another night like last night and today.  Good luck to everyone, hope it helps.
Completely useless. I was given 5mg Oxycodone and 50mg Tramadol after a total hip replacement. The Oxycodone was 1-3 tablets every 4 to 6 hours as needed and the Tramadol was 1 tablet every 8 hours. After a month, I decided to wean off the Oxycodone and reduced it to 1 tablet a day (in the morning). I figured I could rely on the Tramadol to pick up the slack. I was wrong. The Tramadol does absolutely nothing for pain. I tried doubling the dose. Nothing. I tried tripling the dose. Nothing.  I 'm not going to take 4. If my surgeon won 't refill the Oxycodone, I 'll switch to ibuprofen and tough it out, but I 'll never take Tramadol again.
I took a dose, felt weird and went to sleep. Took my second dose twelve hrs later and feel so weird. My left eye hurts, my neck hurts. I will not take another dose of this. I am terrified of the side effects  I am having from this. Anyone who is considering should think again. Although some people may have a good experience, you never know.
I used to only get a pimple here and there on my cheeks. When I started Tri-Sprintec my acne got significantly worse. I was getting deep cystic zits all over my cheeks. After 3 months or so my acne calmed down but it was still worse than before. A year later and my acne is still worse than when I started the medication but I 'm terrified to go off of it because I 'm scared of the breakout that will happen when I go off of it. Wish I never started taking it, it 's ruining my life.
My anxiety &amp; depression were well controlled on cymbalta. I was put on Gabapentin for neuropathy, at first it helped with pain in one spot, then as my dose was increased I began to experience side effects. 1) Even with taking it at 5 or 6 pm with food I would sleep for 14-17 hours2)I could not remember things, I could not think straight. My intellect was impaired. I never could build up a tolerance for taking it in the day time.3) I became depressed &amp; anxious---I feel like I lost weeks of my life I will never get back.4) I had a creepy crawly sensation in my feet that felt like I was walking on sandpaper. I have been an RN for 42 years. I do not do recreational drugs, smoke or abuse narcotics. I drink alcohal once or twice a ye
My 7 year old son with Autism/ADHD took this to decrease impulsivity. He got insomnia, rages/aggression, completely out of control. It would happen about 4 hours after taking 25mg. It also interferes with his asthma medicines- Albuterol. Not for us.
I have had partial response to my antidepressant.  I have had a hard time finding one as my chemistry responds unfavorably to many drugs.  Deplin was advised by my Doctor who has actually participated in clinical trials.  She had seen no adverse effects and thought it would work great for me.  On 3rd day I felt like my old self for first time in 1 year. Unfortunately, that night I had auditory hallucinations... first time in my life... and a very restless night.  Went off and slept okay. Tried just doing folic acid and Vitamin B6 and had the same response, only worse. Didn 't sleep the whole night. Both my Psychiatrist and Psychologist say I am the only person who they have ever seen have a negative reaction. Like I said, I felt great. Good luck.
When I first started taking it, it really helped me but now it 's been over a month and I feel like I did before. I take 40 mg and I need help it 's like I am taking nothing at all.
I was started out on Avastin (chemotherapy agent). Didn 't improve my amd - I went to medication #2 Lucentis, injection didn 't really hurt-the pain after the shot was bad. Lucentis did not help. Started on Eylea. Another chemotherapy agent. Very painful after the shot. It would last for 48 hours or more. Very bad pain. Eylea did not improve my vision either. With everything combined; the risk of poisoning my eye ball just to reduce water on the retina? I did not want to end up with some form of eye cancer from the poison.  I still do not like the idea of that poison in my eye. No wonder the pain was so bad. Now I take 40mg Luetin. Vit A, Vit C &amp; zinc and daily green shakes. NOW my vision is improving with better diet!NO JOKE!
38 years old. I took Androgel 5mg /day for 7 months with no, or very few results. I went up to 7,5mg/day for a month with the same effect.  The testosterone level is still very low.  My doctor asked me to try Natesto for a month, we 'll see from there !
This is my second Implanon would not recommend at all....first one was okay for the first 2 years until I started bleeding which never stopped when I woke in the morning I would stand up and be absolutely covered in blood it was that bad.....I lost 2 stone in weight my mood swings were all over the place and it affected my relationship. I was advised to have that one removed and another one inserted which I did which I 'm into the second year now and it 's starting all over again! The only good thing about this is the reliability that your not going to get pregnant IF there 's ever a chance that you can have a quick fumble in between periods!! It gets me so down I can be off in the morning and on again at night.....so frustrating
I 'm experiencing my first YI and this is my first time using monistat...I definitely will not be finishing the rest of the days I 've never felt so much pain in my life and I handle pain really well but THIS burning and itching the medicine caused I could not handle I rolled around on my floor crying for about 30min until I managed to get up and try to wash the medicine out... Now I 'm laying in bed and I can 't close my legs I don 't know how I 'm going to sleep tonight
This pill did not work for me. After my husband and I had a mishap with a condom, I took the Take Action pill 12 hours later. I knew it was my ovulation day so it was inevitable that I would get pregnant (we are both super fertile) two weeks later I never started my period and took a pregnancy test: POSITIVE.  We are Pro-life so we we adjusting our lives for a new baby. Two weeks after that, I began bleeding and was rushed to the ER at 6 weeks pregnant. I had miscarried due to the pill weakening the uterine wall and implantation became incomplete. I lost my baby. We may have not wanted to have another child at the time and tried to prevent it, but the last thing we wanted was for our child to die because of this pill.
I was given this for a really bad headache- migraine. This med is going on my allergy list and I 'm NOT going to take it ever again! I consider it poison! I already have anxiety and I was given med thru IV in the ER along with Benadryl. I was told it could make me jittery but the Benadryl counteracts that. Bull! All of a sudden I couldn 't think, I couldn 't talk right, I was so restless but so tired &amp; sleepy at the same time. I was so hot! They gave me a clipboard to fan myself. I wasn 't comfortable sitting. I wasn 't comfortable standing. I too wanted to rip my IV out and run away. It was one of the WORST experiences of my life! They gave me more Benadryl and that did help, but I didn 't feel like myself that night and felt agitated, dizzy and headache the next day. I got better thank God!
I took this pill once every week for two weeks and it gave me terrible sides effects I was feeling very sleepy and my heart felt like I 'm gonna get heart attack I 'm still dealing with the infection it 's terrible
If you don 't have a gall bladder, suffer any form of stomach/bowel issue or have an arthritic issue (me dupuytrens/ledderhose) then DON 'T take this drug.  Seriously it has completely stuffed up my stomach which is still ongoing 3 weeks after stopping it.   I found it also inflamed my dupuytrens.  I also had the autoimmune response to the injections and now have numerous lumps on my stomach.  I used it 5 times.
I have been on this medication for one month. I was switched from Levora to this because the medication is supposably the same. Not the same side effects for me! Levora was perfect, but this pill has given me 10 extra pounds. . . In one month!!! (My weight has never been this high) Plus my mood has been horrible, no sex drive. Only reason I am giving this 2 stars is because I am not pregnant.
Not worth it at all. I have had my period for over 4 weeks now. It is absolutely horrible. I have never been on birth control before and thought this would be a good option. I have no kids either. I would NOT recommend this to anyone. Such a pain in the ass. Ive had it in since the end of April and am getting it out ASAP!!!
My first yeast infection and I 'm 11 weeks pregnant. Talked to the dr and he prescribed me this monistat from hell. Inserted the cream thinking it would be fast relief. Was I ever wrong!! Itching, burning, rocking back and forth in severe pain. wondering if I did it correctly or if the dr prescribed me the wrong stuff. Attempted to clean it off with a baby wipe but it burned even more so I just sat there crying in pain, hoping it would stop soon. Started researching some natural ways to get rid of yeast infections. I found eating yogurt and garlic, if eaten or inserted in the vagina over night (I know, sounds weird) but I 'm willing to try any alternative just so I don 't have to go through that burning itchy feeling again.
Took Naturethroid successfully for 3 years, 32mcg/day. Developed Hashimotos with a small thyroid nodule. Increased dosage by 16.25 mg 2x/ week. Dr did not do a follow-up check on serum T3 levels.  Toxicity after only 6 months - weak, lung tightness - faint, developed food allergies very quickly. Scary experience which has lingering effects 1 month later. Switched Tirosint which has no fillers &amp;T4 only. Working ok so far.
I 've suffered from all four (Panic/ anxiety/depression/bad thoughts) for 7 years I 've never had panic attacks like I do now, I 'm finding myself on the internet searching about panic/anxiety attacks how are they cause what causes them, searching more into the answer I got  then searching more in to that answer I got and so on, it 's to the point I 'm scared to eat because I 'm scared of having something to spike an attacks, try to avoid leaving my house let along the living room, my doctor gave me zoloft 25mg and I 'm so scared to take it, what if it makes me worse what if it don 't work, what if something happens while I have my kids alone, can I od, will I get addicted  feel like I 'm going crazy
I might as well take sugar pills.  This is the second generic brand of blood pressure medications I have been given since being forced to go off the name brand Diovan prescribed by my doctor.  The first generic worked although not as well as the name brand.  This one, Mylan, does not work at all.  My blood pressure is the highest it 's been since I went on blood pressure medication over 22 years ago!  Not acceptable at all.  Normally with the name brand it ran around 124 over 70 in the afternoon, with the first generic brand it ran about 130 over 75.  With Mylan Valsartin it runs 155 to 163 over 83 to 90 in the afternoon!!!
I was put on Implanon in September 2011 after delivering my second daughter in July 2011. I did not have a period for several months after getting it besides a few days of spotting here and there. Within one month of getting Implanon I started getting serious headaches, and in February I began passing out randomly, I had low blood pressure, low heart rate, and was diagnosed with pseudo tumor cerebri. I had to get a lumbar puncture to relieve the pressure. A few days later I had to get a blood patch, because I got a spinal headache.  I ended up needing a second lumbar puncture in aug 2012. In nov 2012 I was also diagnosed with pcos which caused acne, hair growth, painful periods, and infertility. I was told that implanon caused these.
I 'm a combat veteran with PTSD. My dose was 25mg daily for 2 weeks, then 50mg daily. I Started out with severe headaches and diarrhea for the first 2 weeks. After that the headaches went away. However, I started vomiting every night and morning. Not just minor vomiting, but exorcist looking vomiting. Sometimes about a gallon. I would fill up my toilet pretty good. The diarrhea never went away. I was constantly dehydrated. After a few months I couldn 't take the side effects. Tapering off made my PTSD 1000% worse. I would have been better off not taking it at all.Before you start SSRIs look up other people 's horror stories. These things are worse than hardcore illegal drugs.
I have been taking it for about a month. It 's terrible. Causes terrible breakouts and super nauseous. (Threw up a couple times). It 's absolutely the worst. I 'm asking my doctor to change it ASAP!
Honestly, I can 't even believe this drug is still on the market.  Sure it may work for a couple weeks, but after I was on this for 3 months back ending in about 2012, I had every side affect listed in the brochure. I literally had to stop by the fire station on the way home from the pain clinic because I felt dizzy and like something wasn 't right.  My blood pressure was 184/142.  The problem was it took over 6 months for it to come down, and now it 's like 130/85.  This medication also turned my urine black, like blackened blood, that smelled putrid.  I got off the medication, then heard it was pulled due to a class action law suit.  Then I just stumbled on this... Wow!  I guess if your going to be on it, I wouldn 't stay on for more than a mo
I got my nexplanon implanted in November 2015 and it was fine no bleeding a little increased acne and I actually lost weight. Then in early January I started spotting and it has not stopped it 's not heavy but it 's been constant if the purpose is abstinence then it 's doing its job because there 's no having sex if you 're bleeding constantly. I 'm going to the doctor to see if anything can be done if not I 'm having it removed and trying something else.
I created an account to soley rate this medicine. The medications that my general doctor were perscribing werent doing the trick, so I was sent to a psychiatrist who gave me viibryd. My insurance didn 't cover much, I had to pay $80 for one month of dosage. At that point in my life I was so desprate and it felt like I running out of options, so I gave it a try. I was on Viibyd for about 6 months with absolutely no change. I was irritated all the time, my anixety flew off the charts. Doc told me to try to stick with it. Finally one day I quit cold turkey and felt no side effects, no withdrawls. It 's good to see some positive reviews from others though!
Do not buy this product unless you prefer Lucifer himself setting fire to your precious sensitive bits The agony. Never agani
I had fewer migraines while on Topamax, but the side effects were HORRIBLE for me.  I had tingly/numb fingers, brain fog and problems with word retrieval (not good for a teacher), plus it triggered depression-like side effects.  The side effects were just not worth it.
Initial relief. Grew tolerant of the drug within 2 weeks. Went from 1 mg as needed and was legitimately prescribed 5 mg as needed. Would end up taking 5-6 mg. The inner dose withdrawal was horrible and led to suicidal thoughts because the pain was so bad. The inner dose withdrawal could have been 2 hours after taking a pill. Was feeling my mental capacity fizzle away after a year of use and decided to get off it. Which led to 5 monhts of weening and 16 more months (and counting) of severe horrific withdrawal state. Every symptom imaginable. You feel like you 're a dead zombie. Still struggling to finish sentences and talk 16 months out. Do not recommend to anyone. Find other solutions, please. Most doctors are clueless of the hell.
After 30 years of night terrors amongst other life traumas and almost a year of Doctors saying you have MDD, attempting suicide, cutting and other anger, anxiety, and and social issues. I learned yesterday that I have PTSD, Social Anxiety Depression etc. I was taken off two Propanolol and Hydroxyzine and they were replaced with Prazosin and Risperdal. Although last night was only my first night taking prazosin and I was told to take it alone. Well I did that around 9 pm stayed up for about two hours after taking it finally getting sleepy around 11pm or close to it. Got up off the couch to go to bed a little off balance. Abruptly awoke at 1:30 am more off balance and cannot go back to sleep. Not sure if I had a nightmare but anxiety is high.
At first I was so excited, I though I was going to be free for 3 years, man was I wrong! I got it inserted about 3 months ago and this has been some of the worst times in my life. I 've had extreme depression, anxiety, paranoia, I no longer trust my boyfriend, I 've been having suicidal thoughts, some days I can 't get out of bed, I feel insane, I 'm not myself, l became very antisocial. Unfortunately I have to wait till June 6th to get it out and I don 't know what I 'm going to do in that time...
I would never recommend this medication because of the horrible weight gain side effect. I gained 70 lbs on this medicine while trying to convince my doctor to change my medicine. It didn 't really help my headaches either. I finally had to change doctors to get off this. I got on Topamax and the weight just melted off. Depakote changes your metabolism where everything you eat changes to fat. I took it 18 months too long.
I was on Viekira pak for 12 weeks. There were no side effects at all. However I did have a relapse of the virus 12 weeks post treatment. :(
I want to start off by saying i have been on orthotricyclin birth control pills for over 20 years. My HCP switched me to Microgestin 1/20 FE Tabs 28 's four months ago to help better regulate my periods....it did the job, but like noted below I also experiences awful cystic acne that I never had before in my life. I am happily switching back to Orthotricyclen, which is supposed to improve my complexion. Good luck to your skin if u take this product!
Hi everyone, my name is Emma . I would just like to tell people my story of having the Implanon and the side effects I have experienced during this time. I got my first implant 7 years ago.My experiences with the implant have been awful! And this is the reason I would like to give people an idea of what it can do to your body to hopefully help people deciding whether the implant is for them or if people are experiencing symptoms like the ones I had, then it is most likely due to the implant and the doctors really don 't have a clue, as I was told by my GP on several occasions &quot;no it will not be the implant that is causing this, when in reality I knew it was&quot; and when I had it removed it confirmed that I was right. So here is my story.. With the implant I gained so much weight which I have been unable to loose.I bled heavily during sex and when I say heavily I mean it went everywhere!! And this was on every occasion during intercourse and when I explained to my GP, in her head there was no way it was the implant! And this was when I was not bleeding, which wasn 't very often.. this really does affect your life, your sex life, and your relationships. I bled almost all the time without a break, which makes you feel so uncomfortable and self conscious. I never had clean knickers!! I know, not nice. My hormones have been everywhere since I I got the implant also  depression, anxiety etc. Pain during Intercourse was a big issue while on the implant. I had so much pain that sometimes I could not have sex with my partner. Sometimes I would not lubricate myself which was also another symptom. Gp did not help with this either, apart from offer me lubricant!! If I was not bleeding, I had dark browny discharge. Until having the implant removed I cannot remember the last time I wore white knickers.There are so much more but these are the main symptoms I have experienced more recently. I had my implant removed on the 6/11/17 and when having it removed I was intimidated by the nurse who was removing it, she was very rude!! Anyway.. I stopped bleeding straight away. I started my period on the 10/11/17. Which lasted 4-5 days. I have never bled since, not even a spot!! Me and my partner can finally enjoy intercourse without the worry about me bleeding, or being sore. I can even wear WHITE knickers now and they stay WHITE!!!! ITS AMAZING!! I have never felt so happy! I was starting to doubt my body while on the implant. I thought, my body isn 't normal, there 's something wrong with me, at one point I thought I had cervical cancer due the the bleeding during sex. My whole life has changed since having the implant removed, I feel so much better and back to normal, whatever normal is.. I really hope that by sharing my experience, if I can even help one person I will be happyâ˜ºï¸. Thank you for reading and if anyone would like to write to me in regards to this feel free to do so. Thank you.
I am 19 and was prescribed a small (10mg) dosage to start me off. I took it in the morning before my classes started. After an hour I began feeling nervous, headaches, upset stomach, dizziness, and I had uncontrollable shaking in my hands and feet. The doctors are starting me on something different, but will try Zoloft again at a later time. If it is your first time using Zoloft I highly recommend using it after work/school. I would really like to give Zoloft another try since I have seen great reviews.
I 'm a single father of a 9 year old boy and I want to warn other parents to stay away from this drug. My son was sleepy, irritable during the day. His teachers could not put up with it and I had to switch him to another school which solved nothing. I have learned that ADHD does not define my child and I expect him to behave and follow his responsibilities because I understand no one else will do this for him. It was tough at the beginning but overtime and taking generic vyvanse helped him gain independent skills. DO NOT switch your child to this drug.
I am currently taking this medicine. I should be finishing it in two days have to take it twice for ten days. The whole time I 've had migraines. And just recently I got a rash because I forgot to take it once yesterday. I 've never been allergic to anything but I hope this rash goes away.
It 's great birth control because your husband will never want to have sex with you when you are bleeding for 3 straight months. I had nexplanon in for 3 months and bled the entire time. A romantic vacation was ruined along with countless pairs of underwear. I have never spent so much money in such a short time for tampons,pads and panty liners in my life because I never knew what type of flow I was going to have besides a constant one. I 'm 35 and never felt more like a teenager because of horrible spotting, break outs and no sex.  I thought this would be a great alternative but it has put a definite strain on my day to day life. Now I am back in birth control and still bleeding.
Had an old root canal that was giving me so much pain. Went to dentist and they did an x-ray. Dentist prescribed Clindamycin HCL  300mg every 6 hours until gone. So it is about 7 days worth. It totally fixed the pain and infection. However the side effects of diarrhea, headaches, weakness, fatigue, lost of appetite, dehydration (if you don 't drink tons of water) was not worth it to me. I 've learned that an antibiotic prescribed needs to be discussed with the patient for side effects first!! My physician and yours should also discuss how to ride the waves of the side effects and monitor you. You may decide not to take the antibiotic and want to try something else. This should be an informed choice that you make with your doctor as a team.
My experience on this shot was.. Awful, to say the least. I gained 40 lbs and became extremely depressed, and started having anxiety. I only got the shot 3 times and gained that much weight.. I am now struggling with body image due to this shot. It had a huge effect on my joints as well. I am now weak, always sick, have stomach issues, and am always tired. I never had any of these symptoms before starting it. Not to mention, it didn 't help my period at all. I was having if for 3 weeks straight, and a day between then I 'd start again. I was perfectly healthy and it has ruined my life. Never take this medicine.
I had Skyla placed in August and was really excited for it. I thought &quot;3 yrs of not having to deal with BC, sign me up!&quot; but as time went by I noticed my body was not loving it. About 3 months in I noticed that my hair was falling out and feeling very thin, the hair loss continued for the next three months and got to the point I needed to start using hair cover up makeup, Nioxin, and hair extensions to thicken my hair. I also noticed I could tun my ponytail holder a few more times than I was used to. In addition to the hair loss I also noticed an increase in acne which had never been a problem for me.I decided that these side effects were too much for me and had it taken out.
I have had sinusitis for last 4 weeks - doctor prescribed dymista &amp; I have had it for the last 2 days.  The worst drug I 've ever taken. Felt weak &amp; emotional - on the verge of tears. Had to go to bed at 7pm. It was an expensive experience as it cost me &euro;42
Don 't take this medication! I gained 45lbs on it, I would sleep-eat and now its been a nightmare trying to lose the weight. absolutely awful.
Hydroxyzine just made me drowsy with my severe anxiety did not help me at all
First I thought it was interesting that some describe cherry and some grape.  For me, I opened the bottle and loved the grape smell.  I was sure this was going to be fine.  WTF, do the folks that invented this crap not have taste buds? Really horrible, salty vomit, leaving my taste buds crying.  I almost immediately bloated out badly.  Luckily that didn 't last long, the stuff worked fast.  I still had the second prep to go, so went searching for some advice.  The best part of my day was on this site, feeling like I wasn 't alone in my suffering.  I called my husband to bring home a lemon, that certainly helped, but the chilling water, the lemonade mix didn 't seem to help at all.  Never again!
It worked for about a year and then the panic and anxiety came back. Even being weaned off of the drug I had the most horrible side effects, mood swings, 40lb weight gain in only one month to name just a few. I have been off of it now for about 6 months and still experience the brain jolts.  
Literally within seconds it makes the itching and burning worse. Who the heck approved this stuff???
I have fibromyalgia, and have had this condition for many years. I tried Cymbalta for about two weeks, and never felt like I was in my right mind at all during the time I took it. I would much rather deal with my pain, and feel somewhat alive and painful, rather than a zombie. I do not recommend this drug: it 's hard on the liver, your urine will smell very bad, you 're going to be extremely sleepy, and a feeling of being not quite right. If that 's what it takes to take pain away, I 'd much rather work on massage, de-stressing techniques, walks, and praying than to feel like half a human being. That 's been my experience, I glad I had the experience, as it taught me there 's no easy route to pain relief. My hope is the new sodium-blockers!
I have been on Kariva for less than 2 years, and I guess I never read the drug information because my sex drive is near nothing. I even get annoyed when sex is brought up. My period is only 3 days long though, and no nausea or cramping to go with. But, the fact that my body refuses sex now is getting ridiculous. My doctor suggested it for me because I am pretty moody or my moods flipped a lot on everything else I tried. But Kariva was the last thing I could try. I 'm breaking up with it. I miss being intimate with my boyfriend...
I got a severe migraine after taking it once. I ended up going to the hospital to get a needle to ease the pain. 
I had a fungal toenail infection, went to doctor, prescribed Cephalexin 500 mg cap 2 twice daily. As I have IBS, took it with food to not upset my stomach, 1st 2, no affect but when I took the next two thought I was going to die, I woke up at 2 am with severe stomach pain, nausea, dizzy,  I was draped over the bathroom counter thought I was going to pass out, within 10 mins my hair was soaking wet &amp; had perspiration running down my face and having diarrhea at the same time I live alone,  73 was considering calling 911. next 2 mornings I saw that my gums had been bleeding, not red but dark purplish black, as I have dentures, in was inside and between my teeth, found it can cause gum bleeding. Talked to pharmacy said to stop it. Never again.
I used it about 30 min ago and it 's itching as hell!!!! I feel I 'm about to cry because I can scratch down there. This makes the symptoms even worse than the actual YI, do NOT use it!!
I 'm taking 300 mg Bupropion and still extremely depressed.  Psychiatrist gave me a month of 5mg samples of Brintellix to supplement the Bupropion.  I have been taking it for 5 days now and have severe nausea &amp; vomiting along with constipation. Nausea &amp; vomiting occurs 20 min. to 1/2 hour after taking so the drug isn 't absorbed into my system to have an effect on my depression.  I am on other medications that I was taking at the same time as the Brintellix.  I 've decided to take the Bintellix with food in the morning and all other meds at night due to the vomiting so that the other drugs can be effective.  I can deal with nausea &amp; constipation, but the not vomiting. I will continue taking and hope the vomiting stops. Fingers crossed.
It literally feels like fire ants are attacking me on the inside. I will never use this product again. It made my discomfort tremendously worse. My legs were shaking from the burning and pain. Do not buy this hell induced drug.
I had started taking Armour over 6 months ago and it did better for me than Synthroid or Nature-Throid. Eyebrows and head hair started to grow in, energy improved, brain fog was lifting, all the rest of the good things we go through to get back to ourselves. About 8 weeks ago the symptoms all started coming back, including some new ones, like the rash on my hands someone else mentioned happened with them. I thought I was doing something wrong. Checked my diet, sleep, etc., all good. I did an internet search and turned up so many websites where people shared their stories of problems with Armour and it all clicked. I switched to WP a week ago and already feel better.
Back pain, vomiting, fever, stomach pain
My kids were exposed to the flu and were prescribed liquid Tamiflu as a preventive measure. I was able to reason with my 5 year old to get her to take it but my 2 year old was having none of it. I tasted it myself to see what the issue was. It really is disgusting. For $200 out of pocket I would expect a medicine designed for children to taste a little better.
Took one 250 mg tab of levofloxacin at 6 p.m. yesterday and am still experiencing side effects 18 hours later. My symptoms are reduced but are replaced with a 6 out of 10 on the pain scale- stomach ache. I have nausea, heart palpitations, dizziness, headache and joint aches. Ive called my doc back today to see about getting alternative med. I will not take another dose of this medication.
I experienced euphoria for about 3 hours. It was very surprising for my family members to see me in this state, they were very worried.
This medication helped a little in the beginning, but then made me worse over time. With each increase dose the doctor insisted I 'd start feeling better. By the time we got to 15 mg, I wasn 't sleeping, I was having peripheral hallucinations, and emotional outbursts. I tried to tell my psychiatrist, but he seemed too invested in keeping his patients on this med. So I went to see my primary, who knows me well. I was an emotional wreck. I told him I had already dosed the med back down to 10 mg. He told me to come off the drug and gave me something for sleep. Perhaps there are people this med really helps, but it made everything in my life so much worse. So I fired my psychiatrist and will be seeing a new one soon
I 'm on my second month with Chateal. Honestly I 'm will stop using it for good. I gained 12 pounds in less than two months. I go every single day to the gym. I eat healthy healthy healthy!! My mood changed. I can 't see my boyfriend, because I feel like he is disgusting. I can 't remember the last time I had sex with him. I have nausea, can 't sleep, my knees are weak, my stomach hurts so bad. The good thing about it is that my periods are better. Every woman is different
extreme increased anxiety
This medicine made me have terrible uterine bleeding for 75 days in a row accompanied by terrible uterine pain. It 's been a full week since I stopped the medicines and the bleeding and pain have both stopped. My cysts have shrunk to half their size, but I 'm not sure if the cysts were ever a problem to begin with.
Don 't try to quit the 40 mg cold turkey. You will feel no control of your mind or your body. Your arms and legs will twitch and jerk. You will feel scared and nervous because you are losing control of your mind and physical body. I know you are mad at what the medication has done to you but you MUST get up and go take the 40mg and break in half. I just did. You will itch all over, begin to cry, feel exhaustion, embarrassment, your tongue will be raw up the center. My aunt is a doc. She couldn 't believe I tried to do cold turkey. After 30 min I 'm already better. It 's sad but don 't go cold turkey and put your body through that. If you go cold turkey, you could give yourself long term effects.
It didn 't work for me. At all. I had severe nausea for weeks, could barely attend meetings at work.
So, tonight I decided to go to an E.R for my extremely awful wisdom tooth pain that started about 4-5 days ago. I 've not eaten solid foods in 3 days because of it... and the nurse comes in and gives me the shot in my arm. First of all, why give someone a shot that causes pain, when they 're already in pain? It felt like the nurse pulled my shoulder out of place when she injected me. I literally could not move my arm for like 20 or so minutes. So yeah, tooth hurt less because I was busy with the awful shoulder pain. Second, did absolutely nothing for my wisdom tooth pain. Now, I 'm having pain in my kidney area and soaking in a hot bath trying to figure out why I 'd been given this shot, and 800mg of ibuprophen when it clearly says not to mix.
Hey. Started taking Brintellix six weeks ago. I have been on Lexapro for ages and wanted to try something else as I thought Lexapro was flattening it on its effectiveness. Brintellix has me so anxious it 's incredible and I seem to want to cry all the time.Cognitively, heaps of improvement, helped with energy as well. But has done nothing for GAD, which is the root cause of my issues. This has been disastrous and cost me my job because of anxiety build up and subsequently the depression that 's followed.Good luck to you all on this medication... Each to their own I guess. It 's just plain horrible for me!
I used for years no longer helping I 'm55 now and never had so bad. See Dr next week.... RLS is worse then back painI have 2 Rod 's in my back
I actually have the implant on at the moment, but I am more than ready to remove it. I 've had it for 4 months a friend recommended it to me it sounded great. Worst choice. I 've had horrible mood swings. I 'm just not my normal self. I get sad for no reason I feel sad and so unhappy. Well my sex drive is gone! so yes it prevents pregnancy. It 's caused me so much emotional damage not only to me but in my relationship. Made an appointment to remove it. I can honestly say I hate it. I don 't know what I will try next but I 'm ready to be done with this method.
I used this medicine for about two months. I started out with very mild acne - a few pimples here and there, and I wanted something to help clear them up. I started using this gel and began breaking out worse than I ever have in my life - not just small pimples - large painful pimples that did not go away until I stopped using the medicine. 
I had a terrible reaction to this medication. It brought back symptoms that I haven 't had for years, and hallucinations. I felt crawling on my skin and heard voices for the first time in two years. 
My clinic kept switching my pills about a year ago claiming they were the same but just the generic kind. I was on sronyx last year for about 6 months. It was fine at first but then I began to get moody. Constantly angry all the time and was a complete witch to my boyfriend. I 'm glad he stuck by me after what I had put him through. I gave this two stars because I did not get pregnant while on this but the way it made me feel, I will never forget. I wasn 't myself and I 'm glad I switched to something better!
I got a new psychiatrist and he put me on this medication after I lost a family member. I was sad but not depressed. Anyways, I had severe twitching in my feet and hands. Also, I felt too shy to talk to people. I also gained 15 pounds. I had vivid nightmares, and have been off it for a week but the nightmares continue.
I 've had my implant for around 2 years now and to be honest when I first had it put in it was brilliant. I had no periods whatsoever for over a year, no side effects at all and no spotting.The last year though has been absolute hell. I 've put on over two stone, had long spells of bleeding, acne, mood swings, no sex drive whatsoever, unsightly stretch marks as I seemed to gain weight so fast and strange hormonal eczema break outs (which I 've never suffered with before). The negatives are clearly outweighing the positives now and I 've had enough.I 'm literally counting down the days until I have it removed next week. Never again.
I started this birth control about a week ago and 2 days. Today I will NOT ever be taking this pill again and calling my doctor come Monday morning. I took this pill after doing some research and seeing if maybe the cause of my severe depression and anxiety was hormonally related. My gynecologist didn 't ask me any questions about my past hospitalizations due to suicidal thoughts/attempts. I read front and back this medication and only saw suicidal thoughts as side effects to the higher dose. Let me tell you this pill made everything 100% heightened. My anxiety has never been so bad. I took lexapro and trazedon together for 6 months and stopped because I couldn 't function as a regular person. Talk with your psychiatrist &amp; gyno before taking
Hey. Started taking Brintellix six weeks ago. I have been on Lexapro for ages and wanted to try something else as I thought Lexapro was flattening it on its effectiveness. Brintellix has me so anxious it 's incredible and I seem to want to cry all the time.Cognitively, heaps of improvement, helped with energy as well. But has done nothing for GAD, which is the root cause of my issues. This has been disastrous and cost me my job because of anxiety build up and subsequently the depression that 's followed.Good luck to you all on this medication... Each to their own I guess. It 's just plain horrible for me!
I tried Lunesta for about 3 weeks. The first day it worked okay. After that it was useless. Also very expensive.
My 9 year old daughter takes this 500mg 2 times a day and it does lower the seizures by a few but not enough for the major mood swings she has been having. She is happy 1 minute and like the flip of a switch she is so angry and hard to reason with. Six medicines and not one has made a change for the better.
it gave all the side effects of the other 2 ED drugs, tightness in throat area, tighter feeling in chest, exactly like viagra and cialis, without the erection. I am terribly disappointed as was my partner.
I used the Monistat 3 day treatment and about 15 minutes after inserting the medicine my vagina felt like it was on fire! The treatment was 10x worse than the symptoms I was experiencing before. I have never felt pain like that on my life and wouldn 't wish this on my worst enemy. I will NEVER use this product again
I just got back on April  and it 's day four and I have already gained about 5 lbs. My acne is about three times worse then normal - granted I don 't have perfect skin, but it 's really bad at this point. I have kept the same routine as in the past same diet and exercise. I don 't recommend Apri to anyone that has ance.
Was prescribed this antibiotic for a bladder infection at emergency care  Dr. said there were few side effects when I asked -was hesitant to take it because im very sensitive to  Antibiotics but was assured this was the best medicine for me with the least side effects   Wrong! By day 2 I was totally lethargic feeling very irritable and running a low-grade fever on and off.  Thought temp was from bladder infection. Finished 6 day course went to my doctor for a urine recheck &amp; since my culture appeared clean was told I could stop day earlier.  Two days off the medicine and I 'm still feeling like crap extremely tired and lethargic with a low-grade fever or of 100.5 feel like I have a minor case of the flu but since reading other articles  I believe it 's from the antibiotic never again will I take this
1st night using the cream. Inserted medication deep as comfortably  (as per instructions.) The almost immediate sensation is worse then the actual YI irritation. If that is the way the product is supposed to feel, it is down played in the literature.
I am highly allergic to Vitamin E. I had a full body rash and had many problems due to using Vitamin E. It took 2 weeks to get over the rash. The doctor said do not use it ever again.
I really wish I had read these reviews before buying and using this product.  Night one was horrible.  Burning and itching like crazy.  Gave it another shot on night two and had the same experience.  Tonight is supposed to be night three but forget it!  This is going in the trash.
Im 18, and I 've never been on medications before... i have performance- and social anxiety. So when i went to my doctors and asked for something to help me survive my everyday life, he recommended Atarax. But i have been taking them for 2 weeks now with no effect what so ever... granted, they are only 10 mg and small as a breadcrumb, but i was at least expecting some effect from it. The only thing i felt was nausea and dizziness.... must say im quite disappointed 
My grandson was visiting and started flu symptoms. I believe he was approximately 9 years old. We obtained Tamiflu very early in his symptoms and during the first day he experienced what looked like a psychotic reaction.. It was as though he became hysterical and was hallucinating. I was barely able to control him. The psychotic episode cleared up the next day, but he never took another dose after that first one. This was a very upsetting event, and I would say the risk is not worth the potential benefits. Who knows how bad it would have gotten if he received more pills. DO NOT TRY IT.
It lifted my mood but with horrible agitation and impotance
i had this put in around 6 months ago because I 'm anemic and was bleeding excessively during my period (4days max). Pretty much blessings constantly for that 6 months. Seems a little stupid to have something in that makes the situation worse. Also, I 'm a very active person and it stunted my weight loss completely. I was always bloated and couldn 't understand why! Got it removed. Immediately lost 5 lbs of water weight. NEVER AGAIN!!
Omggg god help me now! Girlll let me tell you. You better make a U turn before you even think about buying this. I feel misirble just by thinking that I did this to my self it burns like hell.... don 't buy just go to the doctor..
I started the medication yesterday due to serve bronchitis that developed from an upper respiratory infection. After the first dose (just 30 minutes) I had to call an ambulance and take my epinephrine. My throat closed, I was unable to breathe and I was having sever pain on the left side of my chest. This medication is awful. I now have to go back to the doctors office and get something else that WON 'T potentially kill me.
Just get the pill form to save yourself from extra itching and burning... It 's gone in 24 hours. If you don 't have a Gyno then go to an urgent care they 'll send it into the pharmacy for you. But if you do dare to try monitstat prepare your insides to itch even worse in approximately 10-15 after taking it but keep it in there... The itchiness simmered down in about an hour it 's not too horrible anymore but defiantly don 't think it 's worth taking, especially when the pill form is cheaper and works faster
TERRIBLE. bought the generic store brand but the pain is terrible! Horrible burning in my vagina. I decided to look at reviews to make sure it was normal. I 'm currently in FULL BURNING PAIN! Don 't buy!!
I suffer from IBS and haven 't gone to the toilet properly in 9 days. I have taken Dulcolax before so I  know the pains can be intense but somehow when time passes and you haven 't taken them in a while you think I 'll give them another go but NEVER again! I took 2 tablets around 6pm. It is now 22.40 and I 'm in agony I mean severe stomach cramps and not even any BM what a waste of time and the pain is just so bad! Please be very careful when taking these and would advise if you suffer from severe constipation take a some thing else and drink plenty of water. I can 't even go to bed as the pain is too intense. Please avoid!
Been on it for several days and can 't take it no more. Horribly  nauseous, the scariest night terrors ever and head hurts so bad I thought I would pass out. I really thought I could get through it and it would work. I just can 't take it. So sad.
I had the implant placed in the beginning of May. My arm was too sore to move the first 2-3 weeks but I gave it time and it finally had stopped causing me pain. Then the migraines started. I don 't have a history of migraines or headaches and now every single day my head is killing me without relief from over the counter meds. My sex drive is dead and to top it all off, I started lightly bleeding in June and it never stopped. I 'm going to see a doctor to make sure my lab work is okay since I 've been bleeding non stop for over a month. The implant also migrated about 3 inches up my arm which I read it wasn 't supposed to do. As soon as my insurance starts again, it 's coming out.  Don 't get it!
Although Ambien did the job to rid me of insomnia, the side effects were too frightening so I had to stop using it.  I began sleep walking, sleep cooking--yes, an entire meal at 2 AM-- and I don 't remember and finally sleep driving.  I was stopped by a state trouper, in my pajamas on I-80 heading west at 11 PM.  Don 't remember any of it.  Never took it again. 
Yesterday got samples from my G I doctor for Linzess, took it this afternoon 30 minutes before eating anything, had a yogurt then got very bad cramps, pains and bloating within 1 hr of taking it. Its now hours later  and I have been having very bad runs . Will not be taking this medicine anymore. Calling doctor yo let her know the bad side effects.
Oh my god. Never have i felt pain like this. My body twitched from the pain. Honestly i need to save others from buying this. Please save yourself. Do not buy this product. It 's worse than the yeast infection. Horrible. Horrible!
My son, 11 has had absence seizures for a year now.  Have been trying to treat it and have been through 7 different medicines.  Added Keppra 500 mg to his 300 mg of Zonegran. The NEXT DAY after first dose of Keppra he had not noticeable seizures, but 2 weeks later he had his first and only grand mal.  We took him off Keppra; the absence seizures are back, but no grand mals.  
As Lanie, the poster below me stated, Prozac also seemed to only make me worse.  I 'm sure it has genuinely worked for many people, otherwise it wouldn 't have such a high average rating, but I know for a fact it only contributed to my symptoms (paranoia, impulses, unwanted thoughts) rather than relieved them. I cut it cold turkey back in college and suffered a few more years without meds before finding some relief with Celexa, but Prozac was definitely not a pleasant experience for me.
Worse then the yeast infection itself. I thought the itching from the Y.I. was bad.... Administering this stuff is worse. Non stop itching for about 15 mins of hell. Next time will save the $20 and just go to my gyno 
I went to have the Mirena IUD removed 1 1/2 years after placement and my ob/gyn couldn 't find it to remove it. I have had an ultrasound that turned up nothing and now need an abdominal xray to see if it can be located that way. My insurance won 't cover any of it until my deductible is met,  so I have to come up with $1000 just to find out, and if they find it, I 'll need surgery. This &quot;migration and spontaneous expulsion&quot; are more common than the company says. 
my dr gave it to me for morning sickness and it seems like it makes it worse. they gave me 25mg i took it 3 times and threw up each time and only wanted to sleep...after reading people mention they took a 10mg dose i broke my pill in half thinking maybe the dose is too high because i dont take medicine like that and so far i haven 't really felt too nauseous but will keep monitoring it glad i looked at other peoples results with the medicine
I wanted it to work so bad that I almost believed it was working. However, I am an extreme case so I should have known it wasn 't. So I looked up the ingredients and laughed at myself for thinking it would work.
Can 't take it because my heart rate won 't go below 90.
Had most side effects with this medicine.
Three bouts of bronchitis in six months and two trips to the emergency room and I decided to stop this medicine. Anxiety and depression from the start. I saw some clearing at first but then it leveled off and I  just couldn 't take the side affects anymore.
My daughter was switched from Azurette (no side effects) to Viorelle, by the pharmacy. She 's miserable. Periods are still unstable, the breakouts have stopped but thats the only plus! Her periods last forever, she 's always exhausted, looks like a zombie half the time, got sick with a cough and took a month to kick it, has NO energy, NO strength, gaining weight, Horrible headaches and period cramps. After reading the other problems ladies have had with this pill she will be STOPPING IT! Thanks ladies for coming on here to tell your stories!
This shot is awful! Cramping, bloating,stomach pains, Bleeding after (and sometimes during intercourse)..Makes intercourse painful without using a type of lubricant. Makes you have a odor and random discharge. If you suffer from depression it makes it 10 times worse, or you can develop depression. I am looking to get off of this, but I still have another month left for the shot.
This medicine caused me to have very high blood pressure over a period of 10 months and even though it helped with some symptoms of my Crohn 's Disease, the disease itself continued to progress and led me to my resection surgery. 
Horrible headache, drowsiness, feeling of paralysis,  and diarrhea
This birth control has been horrible. My regular bc was discontinued so the pharmacy gave me Junel since it is the generic. Junel has made me feel so bloated and has made my acne get worse. I am definitely not buying another pack and will be switching to another pill.
This is the most terrible birth control you can go on. I have been battling ovarian cysts because of this birth control for 2 months. I have never been in so much pain and discomfort in my life. DO NOT go on this bc especially if it makes your period irregular or hormones fluctuate because that is what causes the cyst. Also horrible consitpation.
I have been taking different medicines for depression for the last 20 years.  I have tried almost everything and Wellbutrin is the only thing that has even helped me.  I have noticed only a very minor improvement but it is better than no improvement.  I was advised to take Cymbalta with it.  Even with my insurance, it still costs me $50 a month!  I tried it for 3 months with no noticeable change.  I can 't afford to waste money on something that may or may not work.  I figured for that much money, this drug should be very good.  At least the Wellbutrin only costs me $10 a month and I do get some noticeable help from it.
I used these drops as prescribed, 4x daily, beginning several days before cataract surgery for 6 weeks (2 weeks after the second surgery). I was not told of possible adverse side effects. When I became ill soon after starting the drops, I did not realize what was causing the problem and was afraid to tell the doctor for fear he would not perform the second surgery. However, I was so fatigued and lethargic that I had to stop exercising, and just got through each day doing the minimum to get by. I was also plagued by fluid in my ear. It wasn 't until stopping prednisone for 2 weeks that I began to feel better. Patients should be told of the possible side effects, and I think prednisone should be avoided or the minimum possible prescribed.
Horrible i will never take it again my stomach hurt so bad for like a week i felt super bloated and my back hurt don 't recommend this pill 
Took Contrave for one day - the nausea/dizziness/vomiting  was unbearable.  I will not be taking it anymore which makes upsets me considering it cost me around $100
I have been on Paxil for two weeks and so far nothing. I take 10 mg in morning and another 12 hours later. I hope it kicks in soon. My anxiety has topped out causing my depression to increase. I have lost my appetite, lost 14 lbs.Seeing a psychologist in a week. I 'm a mess.
It works but it affects my ejaculation during sex. I 've been taking it for a while. It depends on how old you are for that not to matter.
My doctor prescribed me a 7 day dose because she thought I had bv because my cervix was inflamed but it was due to rough (you know what) and I took that dam pill and it had me feeling like trash
I started on uloric due to having an allergic reaction to allopurinol. Well the 2nd day on it I broke out in a small rash not very noticeable and the 3rd day I have a burning painful rash all over my body!!! My face started swelling and the slightest touch feels like someone is ripping my skin. I was told to stop immediately and now it 's the wait game for the reaction to go away now :-(
This medication did not help my pain and made me feel &quot;wired&quot;.
I was a zombie, I felt NOTHING for weeks on end. It helps, but its not worth it.
Effective but it destroy 7 shirts in the arm pit because its too strong so think twice befor you use that stuff
This medication created the worst two years of my life. I started having seizures my sophomore year of college and am now a senior and I have been on Keppra the past two years. The doctors never explained the severe side effects that would go along with this horrible drug. I used to be always a happy kid and since I started taking Keppra I constantly dealt with mood swings, uncontrollable anger, severe depression, constant thoughts of suicide, weight gain, and hair loss! I can 't believe it took me such a long time to get off of this stupid drug. The seizures never stopped either and all the doctors would do is increase my dosage every time. I 'm currently at 3000mg a day and am slowly weeding myself off of this drug and going all natural.
I have been taking Contrave for 3 weeks. I am now on 2 pills in the morning. I am constantly hungry, growling stomach and actual pains.  I still have cravings, especially CHOCOLATE. My insurance does not cover the cost of this medication and I am not sure it is worth $140 per month. for 60 pills. I might try it one more month, but I 'm hungrier now than I was before I started using it.
I 'm 36 years old and have never had a issue with taking any meds other than Lortabs. Despite all of the reviews here, I was sure that I would be okay. The first night taking it, I noticed a lingering headache. I figured, I can deal with a small headache if this is going to clear me up. Well night two, the diarrhea started. The only reason why this was such a problem was because I was on my menstrual cycle as well. However, the diarrhea was not that bad, so I decided to take it again. Day three, my period stopped. I normally have a 6 day cycle, but it was completely gone. I also had severe stomach pain and diarrhea like water. I was in worse pain taking this med. I do not recommend this drug to anyone!!
Terrible. Suffered with fatigue, nausea, headache, severe depression, and many pms symptoms. Couldn 't even take it for a whole month. Had to stop after almost 2 weeks
I have this scorching pain in my legs and this is the only new med?
Did not work at all for my neck spasms. Itmade me feel tired and dizzy with NO pain relief at all.
This pill made me admit myself in the hospital. I 've been on and off bc pills for a while because I never really found one that helped my acne and the side effects were usually depression and mood swings. My doctor prescribed Loryna to me for my blemishes and back acne and it was wonderful for the first two months seeing that my skin started glowing within the first week!! I also lost weight bc of a little nausea but that was nothing to me. Headaches began after the first month but I knew they would go away soon as they did. So everything seemed to be perfect until I woke up suddenly one early morning with severe, awful, terrible stomach pain and thought I was going to DIE on the toilet in cold sweats. It 's in the trash now.
I have been taking ambien for years and it has worked by my fianc
I had a severe kidney infection and got put on cipro. By the third day I was vomiting and had horrible diarrhea. By day 5 I have having crazy hallucinations. I felt like I was losing my mind. I got in my truck got halfway down the road and realized I had no shoes on. I also got in the shower not realizing my socks were still on. It was the strangest thing. I broke down in my kitchen starting bawling because I couldn 't figure out what was going on with me. I called my friend who is a RN told her what was going on and she said stop taking it immediately. Couple weeks after I was fine but I will never take this ever again. It was the most out of control feeling and I felt like I should of been in a mental facility. Worst drug ever.
Had it placed in November 2015. First few months were great, no periods, small spotting to nothing at all. After 4-5 months I started having migraines with auras, weight gain, always tired. I snapped at my family often and the libido was gone. I didn 't have the motivation to do anything. Finally I started having chest pain, going down my left arm and around my back. I went to the doctor who ruled out heart attack and said it was muscular. I had the implant taken out in October 2016, butchered my arm to get it out, came to find out it was close to a nerve in my arm, causing me pain. Went through a withdrawal of bad headaches 1 week after. Then I felt like me again, happy, good sexual health, can 't believe this implant can change a person.
I had nexplanon in for about two years and had it removed 5 months ago, best decision I 've made. For some I could see how it was awesome if it worked. For me though I had all the side effects. Acne, no sex drive, mood swings, fatigue. If you have any of these I bet it 's the implant. My roommate had the same issue, no sex drive etc. got it removed all side effects went away! Feel so much better now!
I had a copper IUD for approximately 1 month before I had it removed. Symptoms included anxiety, panic attacks and nausea mostly. It 's not for everybody!
My experience was horrible side effects it didn 't help my pain much and certainly didn 't shrink my endometriosis. 1 got my last 2 months in 2001 now since 2010 I have suffered severe pain in my joints and bones.  I wouldn 't recommend this drug  to any endo girls.
Stopped Nexium and Dr prescribed 150 mg generic Zantac (Ranitidine) twice daily.  About 14 hours from the first dose the GERD was back in full force.  At 3AM I resorted to 20 mg of Nexium and another 20 mg an hour later.  Worst night in many years.  Not sure if it takes time for this medicine to build up in my system but I can 't suffer from GERD and it did not work the first day.
Extreme agitation and anxiety... Never again... Very restless
Literally does nothing when you take them. Told my cousin about being prescribed a pill for cough that does not help and she said &quot;are they the pearls&quot; LOL why yes they are.
Started using Paxil as an alternative for estrogen therapy going through menopausal stage. I had no idea that the withdrawal symptoms would be so horrific.  I have tried 3 times to ween off but the symptoms of brain zaps, that cause painful electrical jolts from head to toe, and the uncontrollable crying make it almost impossible to work full time and ween off this medication.
I got this inserted in November of 2014. I have no periods at all which is the only thing I like about it. The first year I ignored signs of the side effects. I never had any mood swings etc before nexplanon. I had no idea this little stick in my arm could cause anything wrong. After it was brought to my attention the side effects of nexplanon I am getting it removed tomorrow. Since I had it put in, I lost a ton of hair, so much I just cut 9 inches off just to not feel so embarrassed. gained 25 lbs that I cannot lose even if I starve myself, anxiety out the roof, sometimes it 's so bad I have to force myself to stay at work, mood swings, and brain fog, omg the brain fog makes me feel psychotic. I do not recommend anyone get this evil stick.
I taken plan B within the time frame and did everything that I was supposed to do. This pill cost $50 and was not effective. Two weeks after I have taken this I took 4 pregnancy test and all came back positive. I used two different brands just to make sure. Ept being one and the other clearblue. I 'm now not sure what to do because having a baby was never in my plans. People don 't waste your money. Practice abstinence!
I 've been on Restasis for several years and have done well on it. My insurer stopped covering Restasis this year, but covers Xiidra. I 'm not sure why since they 're priced similarly. Restasis is actually a better value because it has .4 ml in every vial (I can stretch out a 90-day supply to 180 days) vs. Xiidra 's .2 ml. I decided to try Xiidra. Right away, my eyes burned and itched and are extremely red. I 've only been on it for 5 days. I don 't know how long I can tolerate the Xiidra. I don 't know if I should discontinue using the drops because I suspect I might be allergic to them, or will these side effects subside?
I was given this (50mg) as needed for anxiety/panic. The first time I took it, it knocked me out for 13 hours. When I woke up I was very groggy for at least 2 hours. After the mental  and physical exhaustion went away I did feel very calm and collected for quite some time. I am not taking it anymore because it is far too strong for me even in half or quartered doses. I 'm happy if it works for you, but for me this was not good.
I have been on Nexplanon for 2 years now and I want it out!!! I have an appointment next week. I have gained about 40-50 lbs in the last 2 years!!!! I am not happy with myself. I have no sex drive. Monthly although I don 't have a period I still get cravings and feel bloated. I also get bad acne once a month, which I never had before! My moods have been all over the place the last 2 years. I am ready to get back to feeling like myself.
My doctor prescribed me loestrin to help my painful menstrual cramps and heavy periods. The first month went well; A light period, no menstrual pain and my skin started to look better. My second month, not so well. I am known to be the grounded, always positive and level headed person in my family. I became very emotional and started having really bad anxiety about 2 weeks into my second month.  I started my period 9 days early; thats when I got a horrible pain in the back of my head that spread to the side and top of my head over a few days. I never get headaches. I had knots in the back of my head/ shoulders and lower back. Within days of stopping Loestrin my anxiety disappeared, My headache is going away and i 'm not emotional anymore.
I used this medicine for about 3 years.  It worked great.  But over the past two weeks I have had to go to urgent care for the swelling of the left side of my tongue and the severe swelling of my bottom lip!
Can I give this pill a zero rating?! I started this pill back in July because I was having migraines with auras and my doctor thought this would help. NO. This pill is awful. I had no migraines but what I experienced was worse: acne breakouts all over my body which I have never experienced before this pill, frequent spotting but no actual period, bloating and cramping all of the time, drastic weight gain, zero sex drive, foggy brain and worst of all it made me so moody. I 'm an extremely bubbly person and this pill made me mean and grumpy. I had zero tolerance and frequently snapped at people. I was tired all the time and depressed. I quit this pill a week ago and I feel so much better already. I am my old self again.
This pill actually made me depressed and anxious and nauseous to the point where I couldn 't function. I took it for two years when I was first prescribed it because I never actually associated the symptoms to the pill until one day I brought up how I was nauseous all the time to my doctor and she recommended me switching pills. Once I got off this pill, I immediately felt happier and less anxious. It did prevent pregnancy, but literally whenever I would take even the tiniest drink of any kind of alcohol I 'd be nauseous for the rest of the night. I recently took this pill again for a few days and these symptoms immediately returned. Never touching it again.
I used to take loliestrin 24 and it was great! But my insurance doesnt cover it. On Loloestrin I Lost weight, no mood swings and no periods. This however is the opposite. Its been 2 month i 'm super bloated, always tired and had my period for 2 weeks now. Super annoying. Im not sure if I can wait 3 months. I will try and see if it gets better. So far its sucks
I wished I read these reviews earlier.  I 'm on day-2 of the 3 day treatment and I cannot sleep because of the pain and itchiness.  I thought there was something wrong so I googled &quot;Monistat and itchiness&quot; and found this site.  If I knew it was going to be this bad I would have gone to the doctor.  They should recall this product.  Something is not right with it, it shouldn 't hurt like this.  Don 't waste your money!
I got the shot to help with my suspected endometriosis pain thinking that things couldn 't get worse but boy was I wrong! I went from having a pretty normal monthly period but with really bad pain to getting migraines which I haven 't experienced since age 13 (I am now 29). At first it pretty much stopped my period untill February  (valentine 's day) after that everything has been hell!  I have unknown skin rashes on all 4 of my limbs that got ridiculously worse and the bleeding has become uncontrollable! 6 months later and I feel like I 'm going to die!  I am still getting migraines, I don 't know when my period will ever be normal again. My Dr 's only answer to me is to take the Depo Lupron. No way!  Do yourself a favor and DO NOT GET THIS SHOT
I was on this pill for one month and had nothing but issues.  I 'm 30 years old and haven 't had acne issues for 10  years, but I 'm breaking out like crazy since taking this.  The worst by far, however, were the EXTREME mood swings I experienced on this pill.  Anxious, moody, angry and stressed out.  It made a notable difference in my current relationship and I had to call my doctor back to get put back on regular old Ortho-Tricyclen.  Just starting it and I am so relieved I made the choice to switch back.
I have taken these pills for 1 week, but that is all it took for me to know they are NOT for me. My insurance switched me to these. These pills have so many negative effects on me! First, I am STARVING every hour or so. I can even eat a big meal and I will be starving again, and if I don 't eat, I will feel weak and shaky. Second, I am bloated all the time, which is really uncomfortable! Third, towards the end of the week, I started to feel really tired for no reason even though I had a good night 's sleep. I would suddenly just feel faint  and I could barely keep my eyes open. Also, on the 6th day, I felt a heaviness in my chest, which cannot be good. I am going to see if I can switch back to my other ones (Gianvi). I do NOT recommend these!
I have not tried any medication beside this, and I could not feel anything from 30mg or 50mg, and I do not have any hope for 70mg either right now.
I got the starter pack from my doctor. I took the first 10mg with my dinner last night around 6 pm. From 2am until 6:30am, I was vomiting and had diarrhea. I 'm exhausted and can 't sleep.
My doc gave me this to try for my low back pain.  I could barely open the package and the thing didn 't stick in my mouth.  Awful experience and it made me nauseous.  When I called the company, they didn 't listen.  Going back to try something the works.
I took the shot June 7 2017. Thats 2 days after my period i thought everything was going to be fine I didn 't bleed or even spot for the first 2 months! Then I started spotting for a week and now its getting heavy. Its been almost 2 weeks with constant spotting/ bleeding. Reading all the reviews now is making me wonder if its good for me or not. If my bleeding doesn 't stop by the time I take my next shot which is on August 3. I won 't be taking the shot any longer. I may try take it another time but if I have constant bleeding thats a big NO for me. I 'll just take the pills and have a normal period, rather than ruin my body and ruining my relationship ugh! My boyfriend is really understanding but its ruining my sex life. 
A year or so ago I would have said its fantastic and even given it a 10/10. That was my first implant. I had no periods, my metabolism boosted massively and I had no ups and downs with hormones or anything like that. It came to the 3 year deadline and I had it replaced. I had nothing but problems with that one. Sickness all the time, pains, moody, bloating etc etc. It got the point where a year later I HAD to have it out after 3 months constantly feeling sick day in day out. I got really depressed because of feeling like this and I had to leave my dream job. I had my implant out on 9th July and still feel sick everyday with aches and pains in my stomach, docs have said a few more months of this yet!!!  DON 'T get one!!!
Please stay away from this birth control!!! It is absolutely horrible! It caused me severe depression, anxiety, bloating, and mood swings. I was previously on Yasmin with NO problems, my doctor just isn 't prescribing it anymore because of the rare side effects. I gave Sprintec a try for 2 weeks, and just threw it in the trash, after 24 hours of not taking it I finally am starting to feel back to my calm, rational self again. Can 't believe this is on the market!
I 've had Nexplanon going on two years this coming January and it has almost two years of hell. I 'd give this birth control a 10 on effectiveness because the amount of time I spend bleeding or spotting means there 's no time to even attempt to be intimate, therefore no time to get pregnant. HOWEVER, the side effects bring the score down to 1 or negative if that was possible. I got it inserted while on my period and bled for the next month on and off. I suffer from anxiety and for the first 6 months my mood swings were off the charts. I suffered from increased acne, I gained over 50 pounds in the past two years, completely lost all interest in being intimate with my fiance, and haven 't stopped bleeding/spotting since inserted.. HORRIBLE~
I am in the first week of using it and I have A LOT of irritation and my skin is VERY dry. I didn 't have much acne before and I have a lot now. Putting a lot of lotion helps the dryness but I am in need for the bumps to leave.
Welp. I had high hopes for the Skyla. I needed extra help with regulating my periods without the burden of popping a pill daily. The insertion was very mild. I was bracing myself for some intense pain to send me crashing to my knees - maybe I have a high pain tolerance? Doubt it. This part was uncomfortable for sure, but not that bad. 1-3 months: nonstop bleeding. I was told this would subside after 6 weeks, for the most part, it did. But the CRAMPS! Debilitating to say the least. They were sporadic and extremely painful. 3-5 months: I noticed my skin breaking out much more than usual. And the scarring was bad!!! Cheeks, jawline and forehead. Plus my periods were 3x longer and more painful. Had it removed two days ago. Wave of relief!
I was on loestrin for about 3 years before switching to its generic equivalent, mylan. After about 5 years of being on this brand I started getting really bad symptoms (nausea, cold sweats, dropped body temp, migraine) so I decided to quit birth control all together (was on it about 10 years). Within 2 months I gained 10 pounds, particularly in the midsection. At first I didn 't connect the dots and started a straight vegetarian meal prep diet and worked out 4-6 times a week. My weight steadily kept going up until I gained about 30 lbs in 6 months, again mostly in my belly. I read up that this is a common side effect of quitting birth control, particurly with the loestrin/mylan 24 fe brand. It 's been over a year and still no end in sight
I am in the UK and therefore am  'lucky enough ' not to have paid for my treatment. However I understand this is a relatively expensive drug for the National Health Service to prescribe. I have had two six monthly doses and I will certainly not be having the third and that is despite having severe osteoporosis . I have experienced no positive results from this drug, only debilitating pain, stiffness and general flu ' like symptoms which come and go regularly day and night with no prior warning. My worst experience was a spot on my lower jaw bone that grew until it literally erupted, leaving a 2mm diameter hole in the side of my face. ( 2 months of antibiotics ) I can find no positive feedback to justify this drugs side effects.
Severe muscle cramps, after almost one year on 10 mg/day Crestor, for familial hypercholesterolemia of 6. Not overweight, exercise and eat well. Stopped Crestor and resolved within 1 week. 2 months later, liver tests normal but cholesterol borderline high restarted with 5 mg  every other day along with co enzyme Q 100 mg/day and had taken 2 weeks of Coenzyme Q to build up stores prior to this. Severe cramps resumed within 1 week.
I was switched to Blisovi when my insurance changed a few months ago and have had a terrible experience!! My periods are horribly irregular, I constantly bleed in between and have gained over 10 pounds (which is a lot for as small as I am). The bloating is constant and so so uncomfortable. It is almost impossible to sleep well, which I first thought was from a busy schedule, and even when I sleep I NEVER have the energy to get through the day without being exhausted. I truly do not recommend this drug, not at all worth the awful side effects.
I wouldn 't recommend this medication to my worst enemy. Although it seemed to work in a mild sense for my anxiety, when I missed even one dose, I paid dire consequences. I would wake up the next day dizzy, unable to see straight, started experiencing migraines, and would sweat day and night. I wish that my healthcare provider would have warned me of the detoxes before I accepted this treatment.
I started this prescription on Dec 28, 2015... By January 7, 2016 I had a blood clot that started in my calf. I do not recommend this pill for use.
Nucynta did not relieve my pain at all. I have seen many negative comments about this new medicine. Many government officials want to do away with oxycodones and force people with chronic pain to get physical therapy.  It 's unfortunate to punish those who don 't abuse their medicines.
This birth control pill caused me to have multiple blood clots in my lungs!!! Very dangerous!! :( ladies beware!
My Dr prescribed Hydroxyzine for my allergic reaction to dust mites and hives and began taking them at night. Best sleep I had in years but it actually increased my hives. It took me a month to figure out it was  the Hydroxyzine that was causing my hives.Two days after I stopped taking it my hives subsided. After 4 days they are almost all gone. It may work for many people but not everyone.
This medication did not work at all to control my nausea.  It made me intensely sleepy, but I was still nauseated.
Never again will I use monistat ovule. I am burning ,itching and just irritated down there!!!!! I was not like this before monistat!!!!! Never again 
I started typing out a long saga but ran out of character space so long story short: Wore the Ortho-evra patch back in high school, worked great, got rid of my moderate acne. Fast forward to now, dermatologist prescribed Ortho tri cyclen for my acne (it 's come back since quitting previous birth control).. Been on this STUPID pill for 2 months ALONG WITH spironolactone AND minocyclin and it 's turned my moderate white heads into gross, painful cystic acne and I 'm getting married in 4 months and do not have a year to wait it out. My self esteem and sanity are not worth waiting on this pill to work. Switching back to the patch today. I 'm giving it 2 stars because maybe if I waited it out it would work but bride-to-be ain 't got time for that âœŒ
This drug may have helped in the beginning but trying to get off this stuff is a nightmare. I have been on it for pain for 7 years and it is time to get off. My pain is better managed and so I have tried to wean off. Now I am going to try lowering the dose by emptying half out and taking for a month and then removing 3/4 and see what happens. The muscle cramping is horrendous so no way can I just stop it or stop cold turkey. Tried and not able to do it the cramps are debilitating. I have found that the days I do not take it, my constant itching is gone.....Should be some magic solution. This drug needs to be banned!
I am taking LOFEPRAMINE and PERICYAZINE for mental health issues, and found that ERYTHROMYCIN , wiped out my mental health meds. It was as if I was not taking them, and I must now , NOT take  Erythromycin or any other MACROLIDES, this is the group of meds that Erythromycin belongs to. I found it hard to believe that an anti-biotic could cause such profound effects. I hope this review helps other people with m.h.issues. If in doubt Google it.
I could not recommend this birth control any less. Yes, it worked for preventing pregnancy and it made my period regular, but this stuff made me crazy. I had horrible mood swings, it affected my sleep, I gained weight, lost my appetite, and even lost the desire to have sex. I would rather abstain from sex than take this stuff anymore. I wouldn 't recommend this stuff.
I have had the Amaryl and after 4 month my love life was gone, and another person that I know, he had the same problem. He is still using Amaryl and now even Viagra doesn 't work any more.
My doctor prescribed it when I developed an allergy to another medicine. After the first day brought no relief at all I called and was told that the medicine would take 3-5 days to work. Well it 's day 8 now and absolutely no pain relief. I did get a really nasty headache.
I got diagnosed with genital herpes in February 2016. I did 500mg for 7 days when I was expecting an outbreak. But I kept getting them. They switched me to 1g daily about 6 months ago and I 'm still non stop getting them. I 've had 3 that have been so bad and they 've left scars. I 'm in extreme pain and don 't know what to do. Why isn 't my medication working?
I completely lost my sex drive and I had random bleeding.
How is this stuff still being sold?!I 'm in so much burning pain, I can 't sleep. I was better off with the itching!!!
I would not recommend for a sick animal much less a human beingAfter a back and neck surgery I was given Tramadol for the pain by the specialist but within 5 days I had a massive decrease in movement muscle mass and strength in my left arm and shoulder eg my biceps went from 17in to just under 7in I lost nearly all movement in that arm Instead of a decrease in pain I now suffer chronic muscle and nerve painI immediately notified the specialist (quack) and his reply was oh there 's nothing to worry about Even my GP said he couldn 't help (needless to say have change specialist and GP]Slowly over the last 4yrs and with the help of my new GP through exercising my Left arm almost back to normal and have learnt to cope with the pain
I got the Depo shot because I had really bad anxiety. My OB read my chart from my reg doctor, and told me that I should be on some type of BC. I said okay. She recommended the SHOT. Such a bad choice now. I took the shot back in May 2017. I didn 't have my period for the rest of that month. Then June 2nd came, I had a normal period. But after I THOUGHT is was done, I had spotting. Up until I started my period again. Then spotting up until my next period. We are now in Sept , I 'm bleeding with BIG clots.  Please do your research! It made me fell worse. My depression was worse and prolonged periods. I can 't stand it. Loosing so much blood makes you feel weaker and tired. DON 'T NOT GET THE DEPO SHOT.
the worst pill i 've ever taken,made me very angry plus give me stomach aches and really bad headaches. also made my anxiety worse.
For me I had a terrible time with suboxone. It relieved the opiate withdrawal a number 3 out of 10. Bones started to creak, teeth started cracking/breaking, insomnia, legs wouldn 't stop moving, headaches, backache. It just didnt work for me, doesn 't mean it doesn 't work. Initially I felt as though it was just the process of the other opiates leaving my body but after a month of feeling like rubbish I relapsed, I could no longer take it, it took a lot more to get relief due to the effects of the sub. After a year and a half of suboxone and feeling badly all the time, I gave up suboxone and the second job to pay for it and went back to full time drugging until I found methadone and have been happily and contentedly clean without any pain since.
I was on Nexplanon for 2 years. The first couple of months was fine. I had regular periods; they were light, lasted 4 days, and no cramps! After the first couple of months my periods started to be irregular, severe cramps started. My period lasted 3 weeks, I 'll be off my period for a week then it 'll start back up. I had bad mood swings, I was always depressed and unhappy. I gained over 30 pounds within 2 years. I tried going to the gym/fitness center 5 times a week. That didn 't help. I wouldn 't recommend this BC. The only Pro for this BC is that I never got pregnant while on it.
Ulcers in stomach. Unbelievable pain in gut...but it made my toothache go away lol
I live an holistic dairy free lifestyle, while on a cruise I developed a possible bladder infection &amp; was prescribed Cipro, I lacked awareness &amp; did not check it out. The side effects expanded &amp; I stopped it after 4 days. I 'm left with a chest infection cough &amp; lots of mucus &amp; multiple other effects to long to list. This drug needs to be banned from all minor UTI &amp; bladder infections and only used to treat extreme infections
This is horrible stuff! I did the gradual dosage-increase starter pack. It was somewhat effective early on, but then it turned bad. I started to have vivid lucid dreams. Kinda cool, but some were quite unpleasant. During the 40mg stage, I involutarily jizzed my pants while at work! How unsettling! I ran out of Viibryd accidentally &amp; went a day without it. BAD brain zaps came in waves, I felt like I was going to jump out of my skin. That part was terrible! I drove to my doctor &amp; immed asked to go back to my former medication. They ordered that to be refilled, but I couldn 't wait the few hours. I had intense malaise &amp; I was super itchy all over like a crackhead. I practically begged for one last Viibryd. The withdrawl was bad! Potent stuff.
I 'm writing this in hope that someone deciding on whether or not to get this will see and NOT do it. If I could attach a picture of my arm right now, it would show everyone exactly why this is not the best method of birth control. Going in was ok and not so painful but coming out was like hell. My gyno couldn 't find the nexplanon at first and then when he did he had to cut a huge and deep line near it to wiggle it out of my skin while I felt every little thing. Now I have a huge hole in my arm and still 7 hours later I 'm bleeding. They never tell you how painful it is to get taken out. Never again.
I was diagnosed 3 days ago and started using the drops, but still haven 't gotten any relief. Naturally it 's a weekend! On Monday I 'll contact my doctor. I have an intense headache with this, and just using my eyes for a few minutes makes everything worse. I have redness, itching, pain, crusting, graininess and throbbing in both eyes. A warm washcloth is the best relief so far.
The liletta was inserted with no pain at all. I felt like I noticed there was something in my body for the first 24hours, then nothing at all. I bled for 3 months straight after insertion and didn 't have a period since. I finally if it removed after 6 months because of the side effects. My mood swings were crazy, but I could deal with that. What I couldn 't deal with any longer was the severe aches and pains I had- one week it was foot/ankle pain, the next was severe back pain (wasn 't able to walk a few times because of this). The pain was non-stop and I finally decided to have it removed last month after experiencing stabbing pains on the left side of my head, followed by a dull headache that would last 24-48 hours.
I was put on these for depression and anxiety. I didn 't like them, everytime I stood up I felt dizzy. They gave me a terribly dry mouth especially at night. I also found to not have much energy with these and was hard to get out of bed in the morning. I now take sertraline and have noticed a big difference in my mood but I can 't stop yawning.
Doc experimented by moving me up onto escitalopram from citalopram I couldn 't stay awake, like a deep sleep drug and I had to work back then. Moved me back to cipramil.
Given to daughter at age 13.  Diagnosed with chronic Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura at age 13.5 years.  Side effects list bruising, bleeding tendency and red pin picks on skin.  Are the several side effects due to a temporary decrease in platelet function, much like aspirin or the trigger of a platelet antibody?
My father 84 years old received botox treatment in April, still today he can not empty the bladder by himself and continue using catheters.  This part was not disclosed when presenting the treatment option.  Will  he be able to empty the bladder by himself when botox effect is gone?
3rd colonoscopy. Cost $65 after insurance!First dose at 6pm. Very palatable. Drank 5 cups liquid as instructed. Medicine started working within an hour, but the trips were very spaced out. By 10pm dose I was no where near &quot;running clear.&quot; Was supposed to drink 3 more cups by 12, but only managed 2. Still slow going - in bathroom every hour right up to procedure. Needless to say, I was exhausted. I told the doc I wasn 't sure I was cleaned out but after the procedure she said it was ok (and I 'm cleared for 5 yrs!)But - terrible cramps after procedure. Asked husband to stay near because I thought I 'd faint from pain. And 24 hrs after dose 1 I 'm still prepping. Food is going right through me. Never again. Drink tons of water if you try it.
PLEASE do not take this. I haven 't been this depressed in a year but I truly feel like this has made it come back with a vengeance. JUST DON 'T TAKE IT. Also, my anxiety is worse than it 's ever been and I really feel like dying. I 'm switching back to sprintec in hopes that I feel better. Stay away from this.
been on this drug for a couple months &amp; have already been told my kidneys have taken a &quot;knock&quot;. On 46-51 mg twice a day. Felt uneasy from the start, have stopped taking it since I learned about my kidneys. Have appointment with cardiologist, who prescribed this drug, in a couple weeks &amp; will take old ramipril til then.Check on your own before just taking prescribed drugs.That is something I normally do, but because of high praise from Dr. didn 't check this time. PLUS the PRICE is ridiculous.... how can anyone afford this unless they have mega bucks!!!!! Presently on introduction plan which gives it free but that 's soon to run out.
Patient age 81. Have taken Flomax intermittenly for two years.  Urologist switched me to Rapaflo to improve urination and split stream.  No significant improvement for flow or split stream.  Within two weeks all ejaculate stopped.  Completely dry climax.  Discontinuing Rapaflo hoping ejaculation will return.
I tried this drug 3 different times within 2 months. The first 2 weeks were great and then I had vomiting and diarrhea. I tried the drug 2 more times and each time, at the lowest does, extreme vomiting and diarrhea. I lost 10 pounds my first 2 weeks, which was great and it really did reduce my appetite. If this didn 't make me so sick, I would still be using it.
My husband had been taking this for inflammation for a few months.  Meloxicam caused a large bleeding ulcer in his intestine that developed over the few months that he had been taking it.  He ended up in the emergency room after he collapsed and lost a lot of blood from internal bleeding.  It also gave him a lot of gas and stomach upset.  I would not recommend for anyone to take it.  It did not do much to relieve his inflammation pain in his shoulder.  Please read all side effects that this medication might cause before you start taking it.
I never had acne problems just a few hormonal breakouts once a montb. I had taken another type of pill for 6 years before switching to tri cyclen at the suggestion of my dr. This has given me terrible TERRIBLE acne. There has not been one other change in my life with the exception of switching birth control. I 'm in my late twenties and I am now suffering with terrible acne. I see that most people have positive results but if you are like me I want you to know you aren 't alone and some of us just got a crappy deal here. I have decided to stop taking the pill and see what happens to my skin. I will consider another option going forward.
After two days on Protonix (for GERD associated with adult-onset asthma) I ended up in the emergency room with extremely high blood pressure, fast, pounding pulse, severe headache, and severe anxiety. 
Wanted to steer clear of Ambien, so I asked my doctor for Belsomra.    The great thing about Ambien was that it worked quickly, and it kept me in a deep, zombie-like sleep all night.  The downside was that I would get in my car and drive to the store at 3 am, and text my ex-husband with all sorts of crazy messages,  both while under the influence of the drug, and not remembering either of the incidents.  I tried Belsomra intermittently for two weeks, and it did absolutely nothing for me.  Even the first night I had a fitful sleep, and every night thereafter it just kept getting worse and worse.  I would not recommend this drug to someone with marked sleep issues.  My only other alternative is Xanax, and my doctor no longer prescribes it.
I 've been taking this pill for 6 months now and I 'm calling my doctor today to switch. I 'm constantly tired, my cramping is more painful than when I was on a different pill that was discontinued, I have 10 days periods when I used to have 3-4 day ones, headaches all the time, and absolutely no sex drive whatsoever. The only positive thing I can say is no pregnancies!
It took 3 years to figure out that it was the Effexor that was causing my constipation.  I was given MORE prescriptions to counter-act, but that just didn 't work-actually moved me to beyond the other end of the spectrum.  After forgetting a dose and experiencing the withdrawal symptoms, I immediately wanted to get off, but because I really didn 't have any other options, I just continued on.  I have tried many other different medications to help cope with depression and anxiety-Effexor seemed to work on the brain, but what it did to my guts is far worse.  Multiple imaging, ER visits, unnecessary surgery and even a trip to the Mayo Clinic to figure out why I couldn 't poop.  To me, Effexor is POISON
I just started trazodone and it 's not even working I 'm only supposed to take one but one doesn 't even work and so I haft to take 2 and it still doesn 't work I feel groggy in the morning it 's so bad
I hate it. Insertion wasn 't bad but the cramps afterwards were. I 've had it for a month and I 'm on week three of my period. I 'm always hungry. I have an extra few lbs now and I have an itchy and flakes scalp which I never had any of these issues before. I 'm just sick of it and it was my last resort for birth control. I 'm one of those unlucky woman who has a reaction to all of them. It 's not good and I wouldn 't recommend it to woman who have reactions or bad experiences with birth control. Everyone is different.
Horrible. I got it in at the end of March this year, the bleeding began two weeks after I got it in and I bled for 7 months. My doctor suggested I try things like taking diclofenac for a week and it didn 't help one bit. I bled lightly at first and as it progressed it made me bleed heavier and heavier. Didn 't go ONE day without bleeding, had to use tampons and liners for 7 months straight. Also made me break out more, only upside was weight loss. My doctors also suggested I use birth control pills to see if it would stop the bleeding but I had had enough! If you enjoy not bleeding and being able to engage in any kind of sexual activity DO NOT get the nexplanon!!!!
I have been put on this twice now and it didn 't do anything to help me either time.
Saxenda has not helped me at all. It made me super tired and fatigue, bloated and iratable. I have been taking it now for almost 4 months, didn 't lose any weight at all, it did bring my appetite down but almost made my weight stand still. So maybe this medication might be good to help keep you at a desired weight. Now this medication may work for others but unfortunately it did not do anything for me 
Had severe diarrhea and vomiting. Can&rsquo;t eat lose 17 lbs in 12 days. Very weak with severe  abdominal pain. Was not told  that the side effects could be this bad. Not able to get around the house to sick to eat. Confusion and now bouts of crying can take this medicine. I haven&rsquo;t had an injection in over a week but still feel just as bad. Don&rsquo;t know why they put this on the market. Feel like my body is destroyed on the inside
Maxalt did nothing and oral sumatriptan stopped working so I tried Zomig spray. I followed the directions exactly and still got a ton of product dripping down the back of my throat (which is normal). Either my migraine kept getting worse of the Zomig made it worse. Either way, this did not work for me.
Just on obesity cusp by less than 2lbs was prescribed Orlistat. I got a terrible stomach ache within a week, kept passing out and couldn 't eat.My liver levels were tested they came in at 138 liver disease occurs at 110 for a non drinker not good. I could not eat at all for a week the medication I had obviously abruptly discontinued. Eventually I started to improve.In total I lost 7lbs. Unsure as to whether it was Orlistat, starvation or illness through Orlistat.I thought I was going to die, but I have re started the medication in the hope to lose weight.Worth the risk? Only if the obesity is going to result in your death.Weigh up your health issues due to obesity against liver damage to make an informed decision.
Gives me heartburn and indigestion. Also makes me nauseous. Prefer the depo shot, wish it was for more long term.
I was told by my gastrointerologist that I was a bit blocked up and suggested that I took a sachet of movicol and 1 tablet of dulcolax. Never ever ever again. I think this would have to be the worst pain I have ever had in my whole life. I ended up going to the ER as I thought I was dying. I had severe stomach pains and thought I was going to be sick. I didn 't even go to the toilet once! 
This med has made me feel sick from the first day I started, I was hoping the side effects would become less as time went by, however I can 't not stand the way I feel, so I am done!
I 'm getting my first Xolair shot today.  Currently I am covered in hives from head to toe, itching severely.  My last hive out break was in June 2016 and they went away after 6 weeks on their own.   I 'm unresponsive to all the medication, prednisone, zyrtec, ranitidine, singular, gabapentin (for itching) hydroxyzine, Benadryl.   I take them all when I have a flare up.   I 'm absolutely miserable and call my allergy specialist daily.  This current flare up has been going for a few days and I had some xolair waiting for me in the office since June.  I 'm excited that this may be the cure that I need to prevent this misery.   Will keep you posted.
Luvox made my teeth hurt.  Absolutely no effect on my mood. 
I have had bad PTSD, anxiety and panic attacks and it does work for me. I 'm happy to hear it works for others, though.
I started this for anxiety and depression, mostly social anxiety. It definitely helped with my social anxiety but not in a good way. I swear it caused a personality change. I went from being terrified of talking around people to randomly blurting out weird stuff in class and being squirrelly and hyper. I went from this quiet shy girl to being kind of whacko. I started getting in trouble in class for being disruptive. I was regularly displaying behavior that was inappropriate in public. Weirdest thing ever. I discontinued it and after a little while was back to myself. Not sure how common this is? Very strange.
The first couple times I took it was fine, the sign effects were minimal. I stopped using it for a few months and I went back to it and this time was the worst one, I took it June and by August my period had already begun, it came with bad acne, I gained weight super fast, and since then I 've had my period! It horrible I feel tired all the time,and cramping for 6 weeks now it feels like it 's never going to end!
I 've been using ativan for anxiety and insomnia for the last 5 or so years.  Lately I have been having side effects after taking only 1-2 pills at night for sleep.  It does help me fall asleep but the next day I wake up nauseous.  And I 'm nauseous all day.  Another weird side effect that it seems no one else has experienced is that my skin feels weird, like my fingers feel like there is a coating on them...It 's hard to describe but it happens every time I take ativans.I get no side effects like this from valium or xanax.  I hope my doctor will switch for me.
I have Bipolar II and I couldn 't sleep and was suffering from mania and cutting. It helped with all of that. I could fall asleep in 10 minutes which was a god send. I went through the pharmacutic patient assistance program to get it free because it cost me $200 a month. After taking it for a while I noticed it was causing neurological problems in the form of foot drop. I constantly tripped and fell and had to wear a bulky brace on my foot. I came of of saphris during a manic episode and noticed that my foot healed. Saphris is good in some was but bad in others.
SEVERE WEIGHT GAIN and METABOLIC SYNDROME! I had always suffered from anxiety from childhood to adulthood. My doctor prescribed a low dosage of 150 MG in December 2010, At the time I was prescribed Seroquel XR 150 MG, I weighed 96 lbs, petite frame, size 0 or 2.  On January 11, 2012, I weighed in at 136 lbs. The 40 lbs of weight gain within one year went to my abdomen and I am covered in cellulite on my abs, hips, back, buttocks and thighs. I monitored my diet and intake the entire time, but the weight gain was out of control.
I 've been taking reclipsen for almost two years. The first 3 months I threw up every morning. To this day, each pill I take I experience nausea. I hate it. I realize now it 's not me and just the pill. I stopped taking it for a month and felt so much better. Also, I have no sex drive anymore so I guess it does it 's &quot;job.&quot;
Was put on this for depression/anxiety and it was a disaster! About 40 minutes after I took it I started to feel very nauseous and had bad diarrhea. I also felt very hot and had a lot of anxiety (more anxiety than I had in the first place). Later on I noticed it made me yawn quite a bit, and each time I yawned my jaw would stay clenched for a couple of seconds before it would relax again. I only took it for one day, and almost 2 days later I am still having some nausea, yawning and burping a lot. According to the other reviews, it seems like it either works for you or it doesn 't. I am obviously not one of the people it works for!
I 'm 22 and this is my first birth control to have. My doctor basically pressured me that this selective medicine was the right choice for me. I have been taking this pill for about one week prior to being off my menstrual cycle in the midst of taking these pills, I rapidly began another menstrual cycle or what some call &quot;break through bleeding&quot;. I 've also became very emotionally to the point where I would call my mother and cry. And lastly my doctor advised me it would ease my cramps, which was a lie it actually made the pain worst. I didn 't even finish my first week before I changed to another BC!!
I started taking this medication for major depression and anxiety. The first month was great I was sleeping well and I was very happy and wasn 't stressed then it all turned. I began to have vivid nightmares that I woke crying and screaming. I started having trouble staying asleep not just from the nightmares but I couldn 't bring myself to sleep. I stopped taking the meds and talked to my psychiatrist about my concerns I told her I didn 't take the meds everyday at the same time so she told me to try it again. I started a strick time regimen. I started having dizzy spells, started hallucinating, nightmares again, I would get weak and Shakey. I took sleep meds still no sleep. I still had depression. It was horrible.
Do not take Cymbalta for fibromyalgia if you are not clinically depressed! I went from being a happy person to being suicidal. I 'll stick with Vicodin to ease my pain.
Horrible horrible horrible. I experienced so many side effects. Ruined my life and caused so many other issues within my body. Messed up my gut and its been months and I 'm still trying to recover after taking this medicine. I refuse to ever take it again
I took this pill around 5:30 pm and It 's 11:17 and I 'm usually sleep by this time . keeps you up all night, makes you jittery, and it has you feeling like you 're drunk. I hate the way I felt and it worsen the way my sinus felt. also I 've experienced the heart racing and the weird dreams and blabbing off at the month. this product should be off the market
This rubbish doesn 't work. Doc put me on diflucan once a week for 12 weeks, then blood draw to check my liver, then another 12 weeks... yeast infections always come back. I need relief and 5 docs have only prescribed me this stuff. I guess I 'll go back to yogurt suppositories:( OTC makes them worse, too:(
Cymbalta is from the devil  Evil, evil drug. Trying to stop it is hell on earth. Severe anxiety and emotional pain. Horrible dreams. I am an absolute wreck. Didn 't take it for three days and was in extreme trouble. They don 't make the dose low enough so you can get off it. Lowest is 30mg. Load of garbage.
I was prescribed Clindamycin in a hospital emergency room for a bacterial infection (cellulitis) in my lower leg and was on it for only about 36 hours (six 300 mg doses).  I experienced a severe headache and began experiencing diarrhea.  I called my doctor and asked for a different medication because I have to work and couldn 't while experiencing diarrhea.  My doctor put me on metronidazole (500 mg) 3 times a day.I 've been off of Clindamycin for 11 days today and am still experiencing mild diarrhea, depression, anxiety, and shortness of breath.
Started with 5 mg for several days with no ill effect but also not seeing any benefits.  Dosage increased to 10 mg and after 2 days at that dose, I had two very major black eyes.  I looked like an assault victim.  No response from my doctor so I stopped taking it.  Dr is looking into orenitran as well.
I got the IUD 3 weeks ago and I should 've known it would be a disaster from the start! After it was inserted I fainted in my doctors office on my way out. This lead to me going to the ER the next day for the concussion I now had. I was super anxious all the time, had sleepless nights, bleed the whole time, and had no appetite. All my symptoms were in line anxiety and depression disorders (which I don 't have). Needless to say, it was removed last week and I feel like myself again. My suggestion, if you have a job where you have to be friendly (I 'm a teacher) or you are a new mother and need to be sane for your new child, don 't try this. I 've heard the emotional roller coaster wares off, however I didn 't have time to wait!
I have had partial response to my antidepressant.  I have had a hard time finding one as my chemistry responds unfavorably to many drugs.  Deplin was advised by my Doctor who has actually participated in clinical trials.  She had seen no adverse effects and thought it would work great for me.  On 3rd day I felt like my old self for first time in 1 year. Unfortunately, that night I had auditory hallucinations... first time in my life... and a very restless night.  Went off and slept okay. Tried just doing folic acid and Vitamin B6 and had the same response, only worse. Didn 't sleep the whole night. Both my Psychiatrist and Psychologist say I am the only person who they have ever seen have a negative reaction. Like I said, I felt great. Good luck.
I thought they were rubbish
Oh my god I wish they could take this off the market! I 'm 3 weeks in on Trinessa after being on Trisprintec for 5 years (ran out of refills and was put on Trinessa before Doctor could get me in) I have expirenced terrible anxiety and thoughts of depression. I have never felt this way in my life.... Im so happy but it is astonishing one moment I start to feel down and sad... FOR NO REASON. Also my acne has gotten worse. 1 more week and I 'm back to Trisprintec, thank god !!!!!!
Has not worked at all in respect of the voices that I can hear. The only thing it has done is cause a major increase in my appetite and weight.
My obgyn prescribed me this. Took it for about a month or a little less.. made me moody, break out when my acne hadn 't broken out in over a year. Decrease in sex drive. Completely  stopped taking it.
I have been on taytulla for 6 months now and it has made me extremely depressed. I started feeling these symptoms 3 months in but decided to give it some time before cutting it off. I barely leave my house anymore, I never hang out with my friends, I am always sad, nervous, tired, and anxious. I have trouble gaining motivation to attend school. Overall, it has just made me extremely depressed and this will be the last packet I take of it. It has done a great job at preventing pregnancy, but the emotional distress just isn 't worth it anymore.
Absolutely the worst birth control. My skin has become horrible and I 've had to start other medications to help my skin this last month, The mood swings are horrible and I will be switching to Yaz.
What a waste of money I paid a copay of $400 for 3 injections in my left and right knee. I am bone on bone they are worst now after the shots ortho visc should be investigated for false claims on what their product doesn 't do, very dissapointed.  I tryed to complain on their site but there is no contact us on their page
I am almost finish with my first bottle. I had no side effects. My appetite increased instead of decreasing. I am debating about getting another bottle.
I started this med: 3/18/13...As for side effects I 've had all but swelling in hands, feet and throat area. One item I would like to add to the list is...Insomnia. Three nights now but not in a row.  I see the Dr. next week.
Tell your doctor if this medicine makes you excessively thirsty. I took it for a month and it depleted my sodium. I was so thirsty all I did was drink water. 
No problems with effectiveness of the contraceptive in terms of pregnancy. However, I broke out all over my face with acne for the first time in my life and I 'm 23. I 've also had heightened feelings of depression and anxiety that I 've never experienced before since taking Trinessa Lo.
I don 't know if this has anything to do with orthovisc, but I have had continual shortness of breath, exhaustion and waves of nausea, especially following the second dose (I had 4).  These symptoms have continued for weeks and the hospital and doctors can find no other cause.
This drug is horrible.  I was given this drug because I wasn 't sleeping more the 2 hours a night.  I took it for 4 nights, and it made the sleep problems worse. On the forth day it started messing with my head. I stop taking it . I went on the Lunesta message board and found a lot of other people who had the same reaction. Some people even had worse problems with this drug.
Went straight to emergency room everything violently left my body within seconds of injection
This medicine has made my vulva and vaginal tissue both outside and inside of the vagina swollen. It was very alarming at first.  Glad to read it is a side effect of the meds and that I don 't have some horrible nasty disease. I know relief will come soon. I do not recommend this product.
Pradaxa gave me acid reflux. Medication burned on the way out as well. I could hardly walk. The pain was intense. Don 't recommend.
In short, upon having my name brand hormone patch replaced by this awful generic, I basically had my estrogen level drop to almost nothing in less than four months. The patch didn 't stick, it kept coming off, I started experiencing all post menopausal symptoms to the extreme. I didn 't know what was going on at first.This generic will not do the job. I can 't believe the FDA approved this generic medication! It has been the worse 6 months of my life! Since going back on the named brand, after just one month, my estrogen level is increasing and all menopausal symptoms are starting to go away. To anyone considering the money saving is cashing in their own sanity, it 's not worth it! I 'd give it 0, but that 's not an option.
Took my first pill yesterday evening, couldn 't get to sleep at all, and went to the bathroom more than ever all night.
I took celexa many years ago and when I stopped taking it I developed brain zaps a common side effect of withdrawal. After one month of quitting celexa I started hearing voices telling me to harm others. It got so bad that I started attacking people with a knife. I was arrested by the police. During trial I was found not criminally responsible (NCR). I was suffering from psychosis. I was sent to a secure hospital. I spent a year in there  I saw the review board and they said I was a significant threat to the safety of the public because I told my doctor I felt like killing more people. 
Received 3 shots in April.  Very little relief.  Now it 's Aug -and I 've been in agony since July, so didn 't work for me.  I 'm amazed at the comments about playing tennis, hiking, etc. It 's all I can do to walk 3 steps.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PILL. I was on orthotricylcin lo. I liked it a lot because I had zero acne. The only problem was that my periods lasted over a week &amp; could be painful. I changed gynocologist when I moved to college. She put me on Lo Loestrin Fe &amp; it was the worst year of my entire life. My face look worse than it did in 7th grade. I have ZERO sex drive. I already have anxiety &amp; this pill made it a million times worse &amp; I about drove everyone as well as myself crazy with my mood swings &amp; attitude. Wanna know the worst part? I had two periods a month. One on the week my actual period was supposed to start &amp; one on be second week in the pack. I put up with that for an entire year thinking it would &quot;regulate.&quot; It didn 't. BEWARE
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PILL.This is my second month with this pill and let me tell you how horrible my experience has been. Sudden weight gain, like literally 15 lbs more during this past two months. Lately I 've been very depressed, I 've had two panic attacks, pain on my left arm and short of breath. I thought I was having heart problems and rushed to the ER and my heart is fine. This is all the pill, this pill is driving me crazy. I 've never felt like this in my life. So many mood swings. I 'm stopping these pills starting now. The only good thing is that your period is lighter and you get zero cramps. THATS IT.
I 've been dieting with out any help of weight loss meds for a month, and I 'm down 7lbs. 197-190lbs Decided I needed help, so I 'm trying Belviq for the first time.  The 1st pill have me feeling a little funny/high...lol.  Will continue taking it if no other really bad side effects start. My goal weight is 160lbs
The cocktail didn 't do a thing. First Benadryl then Reglan. No help and it wasted precious hours that I was in pain. I 've had migraines for 26 years and know what helps. I was in the ER for ~ 6 hours. Only when given Fentanyl did the pain level 27 go down to a ~4. I told them demerol and phernagan knocks it out, but the ER doctor didn 't listen.  (Why did you ask me then?) I was left  with a dull headache for 1.5 days.
Started on 30 mg&hellip;took at night and couldn 't sleep at all.  Took in a.m. and it really reduced pain and cognitive issues!  But I was so nauseated, headache, sweating, just sick.  Doctor said take every other day&hellip;that worked pretty well, so after a few weeks, I started back with one a day.  After 7 days, I was deathly ill again, so I went back to every other day.  The day off the med was great..no pain, feeling good.  The day on the med was awful&hellip;sick, headache, sweats.  Worse than before!  So I got switched to 20 mg&hellip;it is only slightly less poisonous.  It 's been about 2.5 months&hellip;I am going to get off it.  There is no way this is better.
Monday morning I went to my doctor and she diagnosed me with Sinusitis, and prescribed me with Augmentin. I took my first dose at around 11 am, 4 hours later I was feeling terribly nauseous with awful cramps. Though the medication had helped subside the pain in my head, there was a newfound pain in stomach. I stopped taking the medication on Wednesday because the stomach pains were unbearable. In my experience, this medication helped get rid of my sinus infection but now I am suffering through daily nausea and cramps and I have been off the antibiotics for 2 days.
My teenage daughter (17 yrs) got the shot 3 weeks ago and it has been devastating. Has caused her personality changes, she is dangerously impulsive, gets angry in a few seconds which has never been like her. She eats constantly as she says she is always hungry. It has caused her to have horrible judgement and because of the shot she has had to go into therapy to teach her coping skills.  I would never recommend it to anyone.
I lost 10 pounds. I also almost went blind so after a month I quit and my vision returned. I quick cold turkey and had sleep paralysis with hallucinations. It was scary as heck. I was awake paralyzed, couldn 't talk could not move. My hallucinations were I was in my room and something picked me up and threw me. Then something touched my back. A evil rabbit whispered in my ear. Then I woke up back on the other side of the room. This drug made me stupid as heck. I couldn 't spell, talk or remember anything. My sleep paralysis scared me for life and I still think of the realistic dreams I had for 6 days. Don 't take this medicine. It is terrible.
Took first dose of Ultram and started have severe nausea.  Recovered after 36 hours.  Unsure  that it caused the nausea since I had a flu shot that day, I tried it again two weeks later and again experienced severe nausea which ended again after about 36 hours. 
I had the shot March 20th 2016. I had 2 weeks before the bleeding started. At first it was spotting, but every day. Then it was heavier bleeding. Then it got so heavy I was changing an ultra tampon every 45m to 2h, even at night. I was at my doctors exhausted from lack of sleep, crying, anemic, with hormonal acne, horrible back pain from constant period pain, and terrible mood swings.  I only had the 1 shot. I refused any more. It 's currently August and I am still bleeding. There is no sign of it ending!!!I would not have this shot again, even if they paid me!!!
I got the shot in June due for another one in September . I am debating on whether to get it again or for the main simple fact I have irregular periods its looks its going to start but never does . So just a warning a lot of these reviews are true personal experiences. And I don 't think I want it again
Did not work for me. I had nausea, abdominal &amp; stomach pain, loss of appetite.  I lost 5 lbs. in less than a week.
I have been on it for 10 days and don 't feel any better. It gives me a metallic taste and heartburn. It also caused me to have vivid dreams and problems sleeping.
It 's first time taking birth control, so I wasn 't completely sure what to expect. I 've been taking it for two weeks now and it has made me extremely emotional, nauseous every morning (I take the pill at night), I have no appetite, my boobs are very sore, and I 've had spotting after my period for about a week now. I 'd say the worst side effect is my emotional state. I went from being a completely optimistic and happy person to feeling depressed and off balance every day. I 've cried almost every single day and for no reason. I hate this feeling. I don 't feel like myself at all. I 'm going to continue with the first three months (unless the effects worsen) only because I already paid for it, but I 'll be talking to my dr about switching.
This drug was the worse form of treatment for my multiple symptoms - Daytime hot flashes and steady period was not worth it. I was administered this drug in 2008 and since then my life has never been the same. Forgetfulness covered in laughter by co-workers; poor cognitive skills, no sex drive &amp; no desire to be touched. Headaches, blurred vision; quick weight gain and most of all I quit my job and I 'm still try 'n to figure out why when I was financially stable. Who was I?  Something in my brain is out of sync, I was not a person that took medicines. The Male-doctor pushed this on me &amp; I was a patient with that organization for over 10yrs and I was the only 32yrs old &amp; super active!
I bought this for my first YI. I inserted last night before bed around 11pm, didn 't feel a thing until after I woke up and went to the bathroom this morning. My lady parts are on FIRE! Almost unbearable!
Tried Cymbalta for pain and slight depression.  It helped for maybe 10 months.  Then began experiencing panic attacks, anxiety, mouth sores, racing heart at bedtime, insomnia, and increased pain and cramps in legs.  Took me about 3 months to figure out that the Cymbalta wasn 't working.  I tried increasing from 30 mg to 60 mg and that made it worse.  Have changed meds.  Made the change easily in one week, but I had already gone back to the 30 mg dose.  The anxiety, panic attacks, etc. have stopped.
I advice you not to take Brilinta. My husband woke up every 10 minutes scared of dying because he couldn 't breath. He coughed and had blurred vision too. This medication should be off market. We had 2 sleepless weeks while he was in Brilinta
The WORST tasting pill I have ever taken, though it did cure me.  I didn 't experience the horrible side effects some of the other did.  However this is the worst tasting pill ever! I wish I would have read these reviews on how to coat the pill before, but I would take it with chocolate milk and it did a pretty good job of masking most of the taste since it made water taste like Clorox to me. Oh and it made vanilla ice cream taste horrible too.  Also after finishing the medication I developed a white film all over my tongue with a fuzzy and dry feeling, no matter how many times I scrub my tongue (like 4 times a day) it keeps coming back.  So I guess now I have to call the doctor for that too.
Just started taking it and it really hasn 't helped much at all.  One nasty side effect I 'm having is that every time I take a pill I have a fever spike that runs up to around 101 and my vision is blurred.  I have no idea why it 's doing this to me. 
I took it the very next day. I got my period, but just found out 8 weeks later that I 'm pregnant. Did not work!! Don 't take this.
Pros: I 'm not pregnant, my periods are lighter, and the pills were free.Cons: I 've been on it 4 months. The first month I had terrible cramping. I had to stay home from work to writhe on my bed. I also already struggle with depression, and it seemed to exacerbate my depressive feelings. I 've also been abnormally angry and irritable. It finally got so bad last week that I went off of it. I 've also had lower back/hip muscle/joint pain since a month after starting birth control. I believe it 's related. I 'm too afraid to get on another hormonal pill. They always say it takes a few months for your body to get used to the hormones! Meanwhile you 're a trainwreck. I can 't afford these emotional (or physical) side effects.
Before taking Cipro I was a powerlifter after taking Cipro I was left unable to walk. MY tendon 's are torn and I don 't know if I will ever have my life back. I am currently in a wheel chair.
W/in 2 hours of application I was cramping. Proceeded by 16 hours of vomiting. Thought it was food poisoning, except for the chemical taste (matched the smell of the foam). I explained it was like poisoning/chemical issue. My husband researched and found that this is supposedly a rare side effect that they do not put on any of the info when you purchase. I have never been this sick in 40 years. Please be careful and know they do not include 50% of the side effects anywhere on/in the packaging.
My husband gave clomipramine a try yesterday and as a side effect he got very violent and angry.
I have been on Enbrel, Humira, Otezla and Stelara and various topicals over the past 15 years or so.  Each medication seemed to reach a plateau as far as effectiveness which is why I moved on to another.  I 've been on Cosentyx a little less than 2 months and my psoriasis is worse than it 's ever been.  I spoke with my dermatologist and was told that Cosentyx seems to take a bit of time to see positive results.  Their experience has been that right around the third month, improvement is seen.  That 's the only reason I am staying with it for another month or two.  After reading all these glowing comments about having clearer skin in weeks or a month, I 'm a little discouraged that my psoriasis has gone 1000% in the other direction.
Watson are  the worst although I have not tried Mylan and since I no longer have insurance and not working  I won 't be getting them again at 350.00 a box.
Z-Pak was given to me during a walk-in-care visit. 7 days after starting, my condition has not improved. I experienced several side effects, including nausea, diarrhea, fever, sweating, and more. The worst of all is the loss of appetite caused by the medication. I have only had about 2 days worth of meals in the last five and still cannot stomach a full meal.
Worse drug ever!! Was depressed and more sick :(
I have severe Allergies to tree pollen. I took my first dose of this and within an hour and a half I had severe shaking, chills and tingling tongue. Extreme headache. Sitting here wondering whether I should head to the ER.
My doctor prescribed 10 days of this Rx for a sinus infection; yesterday made 4 days and I 'm experiencing severe joint pain.  After reading the reviews below I 'm shocked/scared and will not be taking anymore pills.  My body feels as though I 've been in a car accident, I can barely move my neck due to pain, my hands ache like I have arthritis, my elbows, entire back, hips, knees and ankles are in pain and the bottom of my feet are burning as if I 've been walking in hot sand.  The last four days I 've had a headache and nausea and today my eyes ache.  This morning I was then experiencing confusion and finally decided to do more research on this drug and discovered this site. I plan to call my doctor tomorrow; this drug is horrible!
My 4 yo started taking focalin today..5mg.. she is higher than a kite.. she talks incessantly.. she is licking her chin.. she is having mouth ticks..she is sweating and scratching her face and arms..her heart is beating so fast and is crying too. She will NEVER take this med again.. ADHD is easier than this. It has been nearly 6 hrs and it is still going strong. I can 't get anything done for fear of taking my eyes off her. I would give it a 0 but wasn 't an option.
Been on a plethora of antidepressants most of my life. This one by far has been the worst. I had all of the negative side effects pretty intensely. Insomnia, vomiting, diarrhea, severe headaches, severe agitation, visual hallucinations, feeling like I was crawling out of my skin, sweats, and psychosis so bad to the point, I blacked out and attacked my best friend physically. Thanks be to God my friend was there and I 'm not in jail!  Just based on my personal experience I think this drug needs to be tested out more thoroughly. I felt like a wretched guinea pig on it. I stopped the drug a few days ago...going through the horrible withdrawals now.  The &quot;bath salts&quot; of antidepressants!!!!!
If I could give this generic a 0 I would. I began birth control (Apri to loryna) for my chest acne but it isn 't helping. I switched from Apri to loryna because of an emptiness, as though I felt like I was dead inside. However, Loryna has made it worse!!! It was fine the first couple months, but as I started my 3rd pack, I began having anxiety attacks (never had them) and a worse feeling of emptiness. I 'm constantly overthinking everything, and little things bug me so much more than usual! I had hip surgery during my last pack, so maybe the other drugs I took were causing my body to freak out, but that should have no affect for this month. I 'm 19 and I 'm concerned it will affect my relationship with my boyfriend soon!
Taken for 6 weeks. No problems with side effects, but does not curb my eating at all. Expensive lesson learned. No weight loss even on low calorie diet and exercise routine.
Shameful!! You sell medication that can 't be used because Bayer chose to save money using a defective bottle that won 't open. Clearly no quality control or concern for consumers--even if they are strong healthy drilling rig operators.
Hello, Paxil ruined my life. The first month was great and then is turned horrible, like horrible. If I missed one pill I would get the most horrendous serotonin withdraw, so horrible my fore head would burn, nose would run, I would snap on anyone around me. Then it just turned into that was just how I was, if one tiny thing went wrong I was the most dramatic individual ever, hysterically crying (like rolling around on the floor crying, sweating hyperventilating) over things that weren 't even a big deal. It has put so much strain on my relationships I don 't think some are repairable. Coming off of them seemed next to impossible,then I switched brands, the pink ones are like poison the white are bearable. Do not take this drug, seriousl
I have  Degenerative disc disease  I 've been taking Methacarbomal 750mg every 4 hours and cataflam 50mg twice a day  for the last 3 days and I have not had any pain relief. This is what my doctor prescribed after I told the doctor I have taken before for the same illness with no relief.
I was switched to Trinessa by my new insurance and was told it was just a different generic for OTC lo which i had been on for about 3 years. Prior to the switch i was recovering from anxiety and depression triggered by grad school. After switching i spiraled down and it took more than 6 months for me to put 2 and 2 together. The last 4 months i was barely working 3-7 hr/week. I was suicidal. I was crawling out of my skin with anxiety. I was also getting treated by a psychiatrist and seeing a therapist weekly. I was doing everything i was supposed to and it kept getting worse. 1 week off trinessa and I finally turned the corner. Still having bad days but it is much more bearable. Im now slowly starting to get my life back.
I have been on the generic version of levothyroxine for 4 months now. Have not noticed any difference in how I am feeling at all. The ones I do notice are not positive. All I do is look for a place to lay down all day. My hair is dry. My weight has not come off might be gaining more. I can 't tolerate heat anymore and I sweat. I used to love the heat and I never had noticeable sweating before. Also my periods have stopped. I went from 25 to 50mcg and no change at all. I had hyperthyroid now hypo they say I will switch back to normal and gave me the levothyroxine just to alleviate being so tired. Well in my opinion this medicine is not the answer for me.
I am 25 years old and have been using a birth control since I was 14 years old. Therefore I have gone through numerous birth control switches.NEVER in my life have I actually noticed symptoms of a medication than before using this. At first I thought I could have been pregnant. Taking 3 different tests (all which being negative) I realized it had to be from this birth control. I have been on this for one month and today after almost fainting cause I felt so sick. I refuse to take one more pill. Throughout this one month I have visibly bloated in my stomach, my breasts enlarged. I have felt nauseous every single day. My anxiety and depression has been at an all time high,not to mention I am agitated about pretty much anything. DONT RECOMMEND
Background info: I am not sexually active and I was hoping that Sprintec would help control an unruly menstrual cycle. I am on my third pack month of Sprintec. Cannot. Stop. Bleeding. I have been spotting daily and occasionally bleeding for the last month... will be seeing a doctor soon!!!
It did not work at at. It 's cost was $107 and that was with insurance. It caused the worst headache I have ever had in 20 years, I was sent home from work, so I lost pay and then the $250.00 for the cost of my Imitrex injections for the Migraine it caused. I was prescribed it for the pain in my shoulder after a SLAP repair was done. 
I swear it feels like a colony of fire ants has taken up residence in my vagina. Put this in a little over two hours ago, and it took about an hour before the real pain set in. Took some advil pm, here 's hoping the morning comes with a clean bill of health for my poor innards.
About 3 days after my Prolia shot, I had severe pain in my lower back, right side. Very different from regular lower back pain due to aging. My doctor prescribed physical therapy ( not believing it was due to the Prolia injection) which provided temporary relief. But guess what!!! At the 6 month point, when the Prolia was out of my system, THE PAIN WENY AWAY. Duh. In the past I took fosamax (for 6 yrs) with no side effects.But...I am done with patent medicines. Am reading the book Your Bones, and plan on following their &quot;natural&quot; approach. I did report my experience to the FDA; my doctor (who I really like) didn 't react very seriously to my concerns, only listed it as an an allergy on my chart. Don 't docs ever talk to the FDA????????
I was on Latuda and I heard it was good with Abilify for paranoia or as an extra antipsychotic but no it was not. I was doing much better on Latuda fully motivated to do everything I ever wanted to do then I got a psychotic episode got added Abilify to my Latuda I had no motivation whatsoever. I was living in another world with no consequences that turned into a hell and my life was ruined forever and I couldn 't do anything about it with the lack of motivation or able to do anything except be really angry with my family for so long. I never used to be that angry or hostile with them before that or at least it wasn 't fake. I 'm on 12 mg of Invega and 325 mg of Lamictal and doing much better now.
I 've been taking Seasonique for almost 9 months now. First month is fine, I don 't get my period or any bleeding or any other side effects.As soon as the second month is almost over, I start spotting and I don 't stop spotting until I receive my period at the end of the 3rd month. I spot for months straight and it 's actually ridiculous. This pill is very expensive and it 's only supposed to give 4 periods a year yet all I do is bleed. The spotting is little-to-no blood which is very annoying. My sex drive is non-existent which ultimately makes being on the pill completely pointless.
The second day of using this pill I got a really bad headache and vomiting occured. I do not recommend this pill much rather prefer micronor
I am on 150mg 2 times a day. It doesn 't work for me. I can 't sleep. Been taking it for almost a month.
I had a horrible experience after being prescribed Tegretol while in the hospital to treat my bipolar disorder. Within a few days of starting it, I began experiencing the shaking, nausea, etc. but the worst was the extreme anger/irritability I started experiencing. It got to the point that I would have horrible rages and felt like I was completely losing control. I kept asking my doctor to take me off the Tegretol, but he wouldn 't. During one of these rages, I ended up fracturing my wrist because I hit a door so hard. After that, he agreed to take me off of it. After talking to other patients, I found out that a lot of them had similar experiences with this uncontrollable anger. 
I gave this a 1 only because 0 was not an option. Of course, everyone has their own experiences and will react differently to this birth control pill. I highly recommend to everyone to read reviews online and DO YOUR RESEARCH because I didn 't and I blindly trusted my doctor. Unlike most people, I did not need this pill for the purpose of birth control but to simply avoid my period for 1 WEEK in December, as I am going away on vacation. I went to see my doctor for contraception to avoid my period for that one week in the upcoming December and she immediately prescribed seasonique. I checked with her again asking what was the use of starting in October, but she convinced me that it was my best option as I would have no bleeding until January.
Would not recommend this. I was recently proscribed by my dermatologist by using it every evening. I used it once and the next day my entirw face was red and itchy. I heard that the irritated skin lasts for a few days. Not only does it barely help my acne condition but its embarrassing and ridiculous to have to walk around with my face completely red.
I have been taking contrave for 2 months. Have lost no weight, still have sugar cravings. Constipation some irritability and no positive results. I see no reason to continue. I also do get occasion headaches which I don 't normally have. I 'm very disappointed
I am using this from three days and it is not working at all.I will not recommend this
Caused restless leg syndrome; unable to fall asleep. Miserable nights due to lack of sleep.
I was put on this cream for some hormonal acne around my chin and forehead area. I tried this cream first a few years ago, with absolutely no result. I went to another dermatologist who prescribed it again. I decided to give it another try but I had the same result. I read other reviews that said to be patient and keep going with it, so I have tried this cream for several years with no result at all. I had no side effects except for some dryness, but it also didn 't affect my acne at all.
So many negative side effects. This interacts HORRIBLY with THC, especially as the THC wears off, and exponentially exacerbates the intensity and length of any depressive come-down effects. In my experience it  interacts with alcohol in about the same way. Also it can make women in-orgasmic.
My doctor prescribed venlafaxine for my hot flashes.  When I talked to her about going on hormone therapy she suggested that venlafaxine may be a good option and not understanding much about anti-depressants it sounded like a good idea.. wow was i wrong!  I took this medication for a total of approx. 2 months.  At first 37 mg worked great but then my body adjusted within a few days and the hot flashes returned I ended up increasing to a total of 3 37mg per day tablets but continued to have hot flashes and my sex drive became non-existent.  I finally realized what I was doing to my body when I ran out for almost 5 days and the withdrawal symptoms made me feel like a zombie (seriously).  This stuff is a very strong drug and very addictive.
Within 8 hours, I was experiencing severe chest pain and shortness of breath.  I ended up in ER with all the symptoms of a heart attack.  After 7 hours of tests, it was determined that Macrobid caused an extreme allergic reaction.  I 've never been allergic to anything in my life, and I 'm 53.
I was only on venlafaxine for a few weeks and it didn 't help much then I read all these reviews about the weight gain and blurred vision and terrible side effects. So I decided to stop taking the medicine since I had the lowest dose possible and only been taking it for a short short time. The withdrawals are almost unbearable. I cry for no reason. I can 't sleep I vomit everyday and I can 't judge distance with my eyes. I feel like my eyes are just floating in my head. Every time I stand up I get severely dizzy and feel like I can 't move. 
Destroyed my life! Worst decision ever! Had it less than 2 years and it wreaked havoc on my body &amp; mind! Aged me 15 years,  copper toxicity, over half my hair fell out,  thought I was dying of cancer. Caused extreme anger, anxiety, depression, irrational fears &amp; personality change.  Sadly, I 've seen many others with similar stories. Beware!
My wife had two weekly treatments and developed a high fever, low blood counts, weakness, and confusion and was unable to continue. 15 days in the hospital to come back to previous condition. As there were other issues involved Folotyn was not determined to be the sole cause of her problems. We waited 9 weeks and tried another treatment of Folotyn, one week later we were back in the hospital for 12 days. This has not been a viable treatment for her as it has also had no effect on her PTCL NOS.  We will most likely be trying Istodax next.
My daughter, after using Beyaz for 6 months, developed bruises, swollen lumps, joint pain, and finally she needed to use crutches to walk. We saw many doctors, but none knew what to do. So on our own, we decided she should go off off Beyaz, and the symptoms slowly disappeared. 9 months later, they are gone, thankfully, but it was a nightmare!
The worst antipsychotic I 've ever taken. I could barely walk and my rigidity was so bad my legs seized up totally.
Took this for 4 days. Immediately had the worst stiff neck I 've ever had. Stopped taking on day 4, but very painful stiff neckremains. Cannot touch chin to chest and can barely move head side to side. Did clear my urine, though. Very worried about my neck.
I went on bc to control my emotional balance and heavy cramping for my period. This bc did that. It made my emotions better. I was less of a mess but it came with a price. Extreme gastrointestinal issues. So bad. I leave for college in 8 days and I am stopping this pill because I can not be dealing with constant diarrhea at school. My first week of this pill I had major cramping, it went away but I 've been bleeding non stop. I also lost 3 lbs. I 'm a very slim female at 5 '3 and roughly 92 lbs normally. I am now 88 lbs. my breasts have grown considerably fuller but at this price? I 'd rather be flat chested again.It 's a no from me
Made me sweat in bed while asleep to the point it looked like I had a high fever. Took for depression, made me agitated.
I feel like I have been poisoned . Even though people react differently to every medication I 'm sure this one beats all bad side effects by a long way . After having h pylori I began with pylera treatment for 10 days.... couldn 't get through it for more than 7 days as my health started taking a heavy toll. Headaches, mood swings, bloating, painful constipation, extreme fatigue, chills and  then I stopped  when I had a hives allergic attack which obliged me to stop working. I 'm an otherwise healthy 32 yr old who has had her life turned upside down by pylera. After stopping treatment I noticed I had developed an oral thrush due to antibiotics killing my intestinal flora and was sick in bed. Be warned as to the bad side effects and look for natural remedies!
I have been on Ortho Tricyclen Lo for 6 months and my doctor switched  me to Tri Lo Sprintec due to insurance purpose,( which is the generic version)(cheaper). I have no serious side affects with Ortho Tri&hellip; I normally don&rsquo;t get bad side effects from any medicine. But after a month and a half of  taking Tri Lo Sprintec..I 've noticed depression,  fatigue, crazy mood swings like NEVER BEFORE, dry mouth, decreased in sex drive, nausea, sore breasts.. I do not recommend this birth control to ANYONE! I have never experienced such sever side affects!!!
its fine if you want to go insane.  I  recommend to use nicotine gum
I took this for a sinus infection and not only did it not work but after I stopped taking it my face was so swollen it looked like I had gotten onto a fight.  My face is hot and feverish next time I 'm staying away from doctors!
This is the worst experience I have ever had with a birth control. My acne is worse and my mood is awful. I 've felt depressed for the whole time I 've been on it where I just want to cry for no reason or if something does not go right. I have had calf cramps as well. My normal birth control is Lutera and I have no complaints about it.
Not very strong and didn 't really work for me
Me and my mom are allergic it! Tung become swollen with trouble breathing!
I am on my second, three month pack of LoSeasonique and I am seriously contemplating stopping the birth control. My first three month pack, around week six I started bleeding. This lasted about a week and I thought my body was adjusting. Since then my face has broken out - I have never had acne problems. I am now on week four of my second cycle of pills, and I am now bleeding lightly again. I am experiencing the worst cramps I have ever had in my life. All I do is sleep, and I am still exhausted all the time.  I can 't even get myself to do normal activities like grocery shopping.
I 've been taking Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo, but I was told that Ortho Tri Cyclen would be free through my insurance if I switched. So I did. I never had a problem on OTCL, and my doctor said that OTC would be pretty much the same and wouldn 't even be able to tell the difference. WRONG!!! This pill is absolutely awful. I 'm always pissed at everyone. I lose my cool over the smallest things. I 'm crying about everything and I 'm never happy. My boobs feel like they 've gained 20 pounds and are always hurting. My sleep patterns are so crazy and I 'm always tired. My boyfriend thinks this pill has made me into bridezilla. I only have 3 days left. Thank goodness. Not pregnant, but not worth all this grief. I 'd much rather pay $30 a month to be happy.
I have been suffering from &quot;AAD&quot; &amp; Panic Disorder for most of my life. Took my 1st &quot;classic&quot; panic attack in the 5th grade!!! I was Finally diagnosed at 23. I 'm have been treated with xanax, clonopin and ativan for this awful condition ever since. I am now 43. Because of all the Abuse of these meds though by people that don 't need it for anything except to &quot;get high&quot; makes me furious!!! Because where I live in N.J.,no kind of doctor wants to prescribe any kind of benzo anymore. It 's awful because these meds help so many people. I was just yanked, not weaned, off the xanax and given Vistaril 100mg 3 times a day. This is the Most awful medication I have ever taken In my life!!! I had such horrible S/E 's I went to the E.R.!!! TERRIBLE MED!!!
Chantix was terrible for me. Made me so nauseous I could not get out of bed. For me it gave me headaches and made me feel &quot;hungover&quot; all day long. Also I could not sleep more than 2 hours a night. Now it did make me not want to smoke but I can 't be under those conditions all day everyday. So after 9 days I 'm stopping.
This did nothing for me, as far as I 'm concerned, I think its a placebo.. I was very depressed because I felt awful everyday, I could barely get out of bed, I felt exhausted, foggy mind, body ached, and long list of other debilitating symptoms.. I knew I wasn 't just feeling these things physically for no reason. I 'm only 30yrs old and when I started having memory problems I knew that it wasn 't just Depression!! My primary doc did blood work and found I had some severe vitamin deficiencies! I got some prescription vitamins and changed my diet.. I feel better physically and mentally!! This may not help everyone but I encourage you to make sure your doc does a lot of tests tests to rule out others health issues before before blaming depression
I put on this medication for muscle pain and within ten minutes the burning sensation got extremely bad my skin was very red and the burning was unbearable, worst experience ever.
DO NOT TAKE THIS!!! Have been taking it for a year and now I find out I am PREGNANT! Took it everyday at the same time. DOES NOT WORK!
I was using epiduo for about four days then realized that my face began to burn like I was sticking my face into a fire. So I just ignored it the first day it began to burn and though that maybe it was the soap that I used to clean my face before I applied epiduo, so I used a different soap and applied the face cream and it began to burn even more than before. I then just decided to stop using epiduo and my face continued to burn two days later. I do not recommend for anyone. Horrible experience.
This product caused sinus infections. It never brought any relief for me. Nasonex works for me. It stops my nose from running uncontrollably while outside.
Minocycline ruined my heath.  I took it for two months back in 1999 and have been dealing with repercussions ever since.  Within one month of taking it, I lost feeling in parts of my left leg, my feet went numb, I had such painful joint and muscle pain that I could hardly walk.  My wrists and hands hurt so bad that I couldn 't brush my own teeth (Lupus).  I had to get a handicap tag because I could no longer walk more than a few yards.  These symptoms lasted for 9 more months.  Then lessened after some significant work to fix my gut and liver health (problems caused by the medicine).   I 've been managing the damage caused by this dangerous drug for the past 19 years, healthy now for the most part but 2 months of mino ruined decades.
THE PAIN IS HORRIBLE! I hope that this is all worth it! The itching, and burning came less than a minute after inserting the Monistat 7. I 've been rolling around in bed and crying because of the pain. Only get it if you are a tough girl. !!
I 've tried going on Yasmin twice before after being on different pills (I changed because of weight-gain), but never lasted more than 3 days on it because of the intense mood swings on it. This is the third time trying it and I 'm just going on a week and I 've never felt worse in my life. I get major mood swings, feel like I 'm always on the verge of crying, getting easily irritated, getting jealous/paranoid and have a strange feeling of  'self-awareness '. I 'm not happy and will be changing back to the previous pill as soon as possible. Seems to have worked well with others but for me, it 's been a nightmare.
I was put on this medication and taken off hydromorphone. It was horrible! I was given 50mg three times a day. I had hot flashes, restless leg syndrome, headaches and blurred vision. The blurred vision was so bad it was making me dizzy. It also made me so weak and washed out feeling that I could hardly make it through the day. I went back to my pain doctor to complain about this medication and she put me back on the hydromorphone which was working perfectly in the first place!
OMG! Monistat 3 is bad! Upon insertion I 'm thinking &quot; yeah relief!&quot; NO! This stuff burns sooooo badly . I mean the degree of burning and itching was unreal, and I 've has 3 babies, naturally and have never experienced something like this. Just get to a Dr if possible because this cream isn 't worth all the pain at all! DON 'T DO IT
White oblong marked 377 I found completely ineffective for relief of my back pain where the white oval marked ouyl 101 was very effective in managing my pain I don 't understand how they can call it the same drug I 'm no expert here but I would think the potential for catastrophic results exists in such situations
Ok- I have tried many things to quit smoking  and patches helped me a lot! However even with them I have failed. One thing left to try was chantix, and I was thinking it will make a huge difference! (It did for my friend)!I have been for 3 weeks on Chantix and had no desire to quit smoking whatsoever! I smoked a pack and half even the third week! I had vivid dreams (but I always do) and I had constipation (which I never have)! No other side effect /that I was aware off! And really my smoking pleasure was the same! I stopped taking the pill! I felt I gave it a long enough try! I am sure it works for some people but it did nothing for me! And I was scared of the damage it was doing to my body! Now I am smoke free-cold turkey!
I received the Neulasta after my chemo on Thursday.  It blinked away for 27 hours, sounded its 2-minute warning, and dispenses its medicine all as advertised.  I took Claritin and experienced no bone pain.  By Monday I developed a fever, and by Wednesday my white cell count hit ZERO. I think the Neulasta failed and am curious about other patients with NO white cell count improvements from Neulasta.Also, the commercials really bother me because all the actors have hair.  By the time you 're on &quot;strong chemo&quot; you have no hair, eyebrows, or eyelashes.
Put me through more pain than I was in. Sweating, my stomach got tore up, heart burn and I ate a full meal, feel nauseated, bloated. I didn 't realize it but this is the second time I 've been prescribed this drug by a different doctor and I won 't forget next time. The side effects from this drug are insane and I can 't believe they feed this crap to people. They use this stuff on dogs why are they using it on people? They should stop giving this to animals in my opinion if it causes this much pain.
Of course, birth control affects every person differently, but I wanted to share my experience to shed some light on the possibilities of hormonal birth control. I got the implant and had it for ONE YEAR. I didn 't get pregnant, which was good, but I experienced extreme &quot;mood swings&quot; and &quot;depression&quot;. That 's what the symptoms would be called on the websites you 've been skimming, but there 's not really words to describe the hell that I went through. The irony is that sex didn 't really matter, because I was bleeding so often and so depressed. I waited for my cycle to even out. And it did eventually and proceeded to swing in the other direction, I hardly ever got my period. Then, back to normal, then back to bleeding all the time. I was done.
I have been put on this twice in the last couple of years to try and deal with the the constant burning pain in my feet. The first time I was given a low dose according to my Doctor 200mg 3 times a day. I didn 't notice any reduction in pain at all. Then second time I was taking 600mg 3 times a day and it still did nothing for my pain and after 2 months I couldn 't get past the drowsiness and had to quit taking it.
I 'm scared to even start taking this medicine bc of the side effects. I have depression however the doctor still prescribed the medicine. I 've had suicidal thoughts before. For now I 'm not taking it until I 've aired my concerns with my doctors. Also getting a second opinion. My feet and hands didn 't bother me until my diabetes medicine was changed 6 weeks ago. Hopefully something good will happen
I got the depo shot January 2nd 2016 after repeated miscarriage to allow myself time to heal before trying to conceive again. I have now bleed for over 5 MONTHS! Non stop! I 've gone to reproductive clinic which is costing a fortune just trying to stop the bleeding with progesterone treatment and nothing is working! My work up is normal no thyroid issue or other causes. It is the depo shot , I wasn 't told by my pcp that this could happen! I will never be able to conceive like this. I feel so robbed . I had one shot only
I was on the patch after my second child. In the past I would have a hard time remembering to take my pill everyday so I thought this seemed like a great alternative. After 3-4 months I had unexplained joint pain that started in 1 leg and then both legs. It became so bad that it was difficult to walk. I was so scared that I had rheumatoid arthritis. I saw my MD and she had me do blood work. My blood work came back fine. I was so happy-but still why the pain? My MD sent me to an orthopedic MD. He said I have flat feet and gave me shoe inserts. I did not use them they were uncomfortable and bulky. My husband suggested I get off the patch and see if that helps. I stopped the patch and the pain went away completely, Coincidence? 
I had a SEVERE ALLERGIC REACTION TO THIS MEDICINE.
I have been on Apri for about two months. My sex drive is almost completely gone which causes problems between my fiance and I. I am also very moody all the time. I 'm planning on getting an Mirena instead.
It sent my seizures through the roof.
After taking two capsules I woke up the next morning drenched in sweat. Followed by severe chills and high fever (103 to 104). With each dose, my symptoms multiplied. Nauseous, vomiting, severe body aches, swollen knee and hand joints, headaches, diarrhea, swollen and painful neck. After 9 doses my doctor instructed me to stop taking the medicine and I started improving. I am left with night sweats and lack of appetite.
First 24 hours my experience is as follows:I made up a joke about my experience since I had lots of time last night to think about it; I certainly wasn 't sleeping.So I go to this really sleazy bar called  'The Cymbalta '.  I order a shot of E Coli. I 'm still standing so I tell the bartender to pour me some Dysentery.  Then I try a frosty mug of Swine Flu.  In other words, this stuff is like taking poison!My idea for Contraindications.  1) Not recommended for anyone who is actually alive.  2) Not recommended if you are more than 10 feet away from a toilet bowl.Yeah, I know all drugs have side effects, and this probably a transitory condition that will eventually go away.  Maybe.  I just don 't think I can wait for the &quot;feeling better&quot; part to begin
This medicine caused me to have hot flashes, after taking it for a week.
From reading the other reviews, when it 's good it 's very very good and when it 's bad it 's horrid. Unfortunately my experience was horrid. After two days, couldn 't get more than 10 ft from the toilet. That lasted for 2 weeks. 
Okay so i started my first depo in July of 2016 because I had a pregnancy scare and my periods are terrible, the first month was fine. Second month I started spotting but it never showed after a day. The third month was just terrible blood everywhere! I went to my docotor and she told me that its rare for women to still have heavy periods on the depo and convinced me to get another in September which was my last. I bled for the entire 2nd shot and thats what? 4 months counting August. I have nothing but blood clots n pain. I feel I lost my boyfriend because I couldn 't have sex. If iIdid would cause me to bleed a lot more! Its now been 3 weeks since I 'm off the depo PLEASE DNT GET THIS SHOT!! Its just a mistake you 'll carry for 10 months!
So I have been taking this pill for a month and a 1/2 and I 'm glad that I will be switching back to Lo Loestrin Fe. This pill was fine for the first month but once it got into my system...oh boy. I 'm nauseous all the time, which is only relieved by burping or breaking wind. (Gross! I get that it 's a bodily function but 24/7?!) I had FIVE days of breakthrough bleeding. My doctor told me it 's normal to not get a period after starting this pill. But when you 're sexually active, it gives you pause when you don 't get one (have not missed a pill). My boyfriend says that my moods have changed and that I 'm lathargic when I 'm with him. I also get that I 'm stressed out with the holidays, but I really don 't need my birth control adding to it!
Important weight gain issue with Lexapro: make me hungry all the time. Also this medicine make me more anxious and clinically ill especially at 20 mg. Not a good one for me. Tried it for a month.
I 've been taking this generic bupropion XL 300 mg for a little over a year now. I was prescribed this for depression and an anti-smoking aid but it has no effect on stopping the desires of me wanting to have cigarettes. It 's not helping with my depression. I feel sluggish and tired all day. Depression almost seems worse the days I do take it versus when I don 't. sex drive hasn 't been this low since like &quot;ever&quot;!. I 'm probably going to discontinue it. If it 's not helping it can only be hurting right? I can only get what the doctors are willing to prescribe me, but most the time it 's garbage. I 'm prescribed hydroxizine for sleep &amp; anxiety. Thats garbage too, but whole dif story.
I have had this thing in my arm for a month and I 've bled pretty much the whole time. I 've also had mood swings. They should take this off the market. According to all the reviews I 've read, it looks like a lot more that 1 in 10 women have had bad changes in their cycle. This is ridiculous! I cant even have sex if I wanted to!! I am going to give this thing 2 more months and if this continues I am going to have it removed pronto!
I received my first round of Botox in October. I must admit there was some improvement in frequency and severity of my migraines. What I didn 't understand is the many, many drug interactions associated with Botox. Please do your research before trying Botox. I went for my second round in January. I was hesitant because I really wasn 't feeling well. But my NP advised a second round. That 's when things went way wrong. After about a week, I wasn 't able to take any migraine medication because it gave me extreme anxiety. Eventually I had anxiety full time. I admitted myself to a hospital after 3 visits to ER. None of the doctors acknowledged Botox side affects. I was really in the dark. Since then, I have done a lot of research. Dont do it!
Horrible birth control. I can 't take regular birth control due to having breast cancer in my 20s. So they gave me this...severe cramps from the beginning and horrible back pain. It made me miserable, some say to wait it out but I stopped it in the first week. I would rather run my risk with regular birth control than to ever take Nora be again.
It helped a little for a couple months but didn 't have as much effect as me and my GI specialist had hoped. After the couple months it became completely uneffective.
After taking one pill in the evening, the next morning I woke up feeling dizzy, anxious feeling, nervous, and just tired.  The feelings have not dissipated through the day.  This is the second type of statin drug my doctor has prescribed for me.  The first one (a generic for lipitor) made me feel the same way.  I cannot function with this drug.  Will not be taking it again.  Wasted $10.00.  I hate that.
I too have experienced a lot of loss especially with my divorce.   I started up on the Fetzima recently and I 'm experiencing fairly persistent symptoms of nausea.  I was at 40 mg, but I 'm finding that I am having to titrate, because I just can 't take the effects of the nausea.   I 'm trying to stick it out, perhaps go down to 20 mg a day and see where I 'm at at this point.   I 've also tried many medications, and I 'm feeling extremely frustrated and somewhat hopeless.   Have other people had similar experiences on this medication as far as getting over the hump of nausea?  There just doesn 't seem to be a lot of options.
Botox Bladder Beware........  I agree with that person who wished they had not let Botox anywhere near them.  I had the Botox bladder procedure 8 (yes, eight) weeks ago, and I haven 't peed yet (on my own).  Four semi-permanet catheters the first 6 weeks and then self catheters since.  Now I don 't dare go out more than 3 hours after I cath.......  or I 'll be stranded.  No hike or other lengthy activities, etc......   picture cathing behind a tree?????  Another problem is that I 'm getting very little info from my doctor.....   maybe she 's never done this before.  PS---  for males it 's very expensive; generally they need to put you out, and requires a surgey room.  Very bad decision.  Males..... don 't do it; carry a bottle, &amp; look for rtrms.
The whole point of Belviq is that it is supposed to suppress one 's appetite. Of course to really lose more weight everything you wrote factors in. You missed the point with many reviewers.....Belviq is not suppressing their appetite, like &quot;oh, I have to make myself eat&quot;, etc. That said, I have been on Belviq for 3 days. I take 10mg x 2 a day. I have not noticed a decrease in appetite at all. I 'm still hungry in the am and pm. Bummer. No side effects either. I started at 177 lbs and just wishing my appetite would relax where I could say &quot;oh, I have to make myself eat&quot;.Also, I printed up the coupon from Belviq.com and paid $85.00 instead of $257.00.
Hey guys so I had mild acne for about half a year now. Got loads on my nose and my dermatologist gave me epiduo despite me warning him that I had a bad reaction to Duac too. It 's been 4 weeks and I stopped using this after day 3. My entire face was swollen and whole face red. The redness is still all there and it still hasn 't gone at all. I have marks all over my nose and face and just don 't know what to do anymore. Please help. I wouldn 't even rate this a 0 it ruined my skin. Never use this again
This medication nearly killed me after 9 days of taking it sent me into AFIB blood presure dropped so low it nearly stopped  hate this drug if anyone has any side affects with this go to your doctor  stright away never felt so ill.Within 24 hours of me stopping this drug i was dack to my normal selfPlease do not just stop taking medication  i have been put back on ramapril and i feel fine
I have bled for 7 months straight since I took a shot of depo provera. I started bleeding 2 weeks after for 7 months. I have finished over 100 tablets of tanxeric acid to help stop the bleeding at different times. The bleeding reduces when am on the tablet and continues after 5 days. I regret ever taking depo provera. Am still praying for the bleeding to stop. I know am at the last stages before the side effect completely leaves my body. 1 more month to make it 8 months if it continues I will look for any available option to completely stop it. My Doctor didn 't tell me the side effects before I took the shot. I 've been on iron every day for 7 months. I also take multivitamin and vitamin C.  This is a horrible experience for me.NEVER AGAIN!
Was prescribed this for an e-coli UTI but had never received this in the past. BAD choice of color of pill. It forewarns issues. Had what I thought was the flu this weekend. Twelve hrs then the fever broke. Did know know that flu symtoms could be a side effect. Have had head aches (top of head) since beginning. Now have vaginitis of some ilk. Now don 't know what route the Dr will suggest: Worried, in pain, and not sleeping waiting for the dr 's office to open. I will always put macrobid in my medical records as an allergy. Took in generic form to keep costs down. Still expensive and now must start over with another drug, delaying both the cure of the UTI and causing the vaginal discharge.
This was the worst decision of my life. I have been dieting and exercising, cut over 1000 calories a day and gained weight. Paragard may not contain hormones but it creates an inflammatory response that leads to water retention, inability to lose weight, and mood swings. My fingers are so swollen I can 't get my rings off, and I bleed and spot 3 weeks out of the month. I am miserable and have an appointment for removal in a week!
I 've taken Yasmin for 3 days the second day I had calf pain in my right leg felt it a lot with walking was hoping it would go away next day but that night waking up at 5am throwing up and still feel the calf pain. I wished this worked for me cause it seemed best for my acne.
I ran out of acyclovir so thought I 'd try Abreva since I couldn 't get in to see my doctor. Have had cold sores for 20 years and since using Abreva, I have had my worst episode yet. Seems to heal the area, but then the cold sore keeps popping up in new parts of my lips, despite using q-tips and being very careful not to spread it. Have had this for 10 days now and am frustrated. Not sure why this is happening but I 'm going back to my doctor to get a prescription for acyclovir cream.
I got my first shot in August this year 2016 because my boyfriend from US will come and we don 't want to get pregnant. At first it was awesome I feel better no heavy menstrual period, crampings and headache..But after 3 weeks from the shot  I  started to experience spottings, and it never stop...It is really uncomfortable wearing the whole time  bunch of panty liners..And of course when in sexual intercourse it was very messy and we need to used newspaper to cover our bed before sex..Having sex with spotting is not good...So I will not get another shot had to stop this..Never do it again it 's scary when you had blood or spotting continuesly.My boyfriend told to get  checked and must see a doctor right away..
Unfortunately, I got more headaches while I was on Topamax. They increased from once a week to several a week. I 'm sure I 'm an exception to the rule, but one size does not fit all.
I go for my 3rd injection tomorrow of the Euflexa, but so far have only noticed my knee pain getting worse. My Dr. Said it can take up to 6 weeks after last injection to notice any relief. I know each person is different, however for me, I am in more pain then before I started these. I have been bone on bone in my right knee for over 2 years and I am really hoping for some relief in the next few weeks, as my only other option is total knee replacement.
I was prescribed this for anxiety and depression. In total, I took it for 6 weeks before coming off cold turkey on doctor 's orders due to side-effects. The first 2 weeks I just had mild nausea and headaches. By the second week I started feeling a deep tiredness. I would sleep for about 16 hours a day. The need to sleep so much faded by end of week 3 but the deep tiredness never went away. I also had swelling and red lumps form under my left eye around this time. Week 4 brought insomnia and week 5 brought the rash on my legs. By the end of week 6, I had 360 degrees rash on legs that burned and bleed with lumps filled with puss. The pain was continuous and severe. Hence, off meds. Took two weeks for rash to fade to where it doesn 't hurt.
I have been on Plaquenil for several  years , first the generic Plaqenil has no coating to protect your stomach lining. If you have side affects first try brand . I know Dr. s Say there is no difference .&quot;But&quot; composition of the drug may not affect the effectiveness of drug but it will affect the way it is absorbed in your system. Which will affect your side affects.
Diurex didn 't work for me. It 's done nothing to reduce my edema
This is a waste of money.  Did not curb my appetite nor did it make me feel full.
This medicine has definitely helped with my cough. I thought I had gotten a stomach virus at the same time as a cold... nope.This product gave me violent diarrhea. Stopped taking it for a day and my stool returned to normal. Took a dose this morning because I couldn 't handle my cough and what do ya know- in the bathroom for the last five hours? Save yourself and buy something else. Throwing it away
Took this medication within the first 5 minutes I had an allergic reaction my body started itching and my face swell up.  I called 911 and they gave me Benadryl by means of a IV I felt like I was going to pass out so they rush me to the hospital.  I suggest you be very careful when taking this medication.
I was on Alesse birth control, which is a mini pill that contains progestin, for about a year now with no problems at all. Recently, I switched doctors and she had to write me a new prescription for my pill. I told her what I was already on and she sent in the rx to my pharmacy. When I went to pick it up, the pack was a purple one called Apri. I asked the pharmacist why it changed and they had no idea. I chalked it up to insurance or a miscommunication. I have been using Apri now for 3 days (today being the 3rd night). First night was fine. Second night had some mild numbness in my throat that I hadn 't associated with the pill at all because the the first day had went well. Tonight, minutes after taking my pill, my lips feel very numb. No blue discoloration, trouble breathing, or heart palpitations. However, I do have some slight blurred vision, a stuffy chest feeling, and a bit of nausea. After some reading, I found that my last pill and this new one are two different variations of the pill. This new pill, Apri, is a combination pill that contains both estrogen and progestin. I may have had a drug allergy to the estrogen (I read this can happen) or an allergy to a dye in the pill. All I have on hand is some Allergra allergy pills so I took one of those about 30 minutes ago and, although I still feel a little weird, my lips are not as numb. Hopefully the symptoms disappear soon. I will definitely not be taking Apri again or any other combination pill. I am going to schedule an appointment with my doctor first thing in the morning and get an rx for the mini pill again. Just thought I would share my reaction story in case anyone experiences the same complications whereas I wasn 't lucky enough to find someone who shared their story.
This medicine had horribly painful withdrawals. The entire time I was taking it I cried all day every day. I kept asking my doctor if it was working and she kept raising the dose. I took myself off of this medication and found a better doctor.
I 've had it about 8 months and have my period pretty much all the time! If I don 't bleed I have sex then I start to bleed again. It 's already bad enough I don 't have a sex drive! I never had a heavy period or bad cramps but I do now. I do feel on edge ever since I got it. I thought at the beginning it was just my hormones from having a baby and breastfeeding but no sometimes I just snap! I 'm getting this thing out ASAP! I 've waited the 6 months they say for your body to adjust and it 's not working!
Diagnosed with RA 2014 started with methotrexate and low dose prednisone. 46yrs. Had other medical cond and taken of meds for approx 1 1/2 years. Placed back on meth/pred in 2016. Started humira Feb 2017 weekly shot and taken off meth/pred. Then went to humira every other week and placed back on meth/pred. Now humira every other week only. Then informed my RA was being managed and taken off meth/pred once again. It is now June and I feel terrible. My hands are killing me. They feel like they are on fire/placed in a press/hot/cold/a sleep/etc. My feet are starting to hurt a lot and my knees too. I am so so tired. I can sleep constantly. I feel like I have the flu daily with a cough and congestion. Making another doctors appointment. 
Initial relief. Grew tolerant of the drug within 2 weeks. Went from 1 mg as needed and was legitimately prescribed 5 mg as needed. Would end up taking 5-6 mg. The inner dose withdrawal was horrible and led to suicidal thoughts because the pain was so bad. The inner dose withdrawal could have been 2 hours after taking a pill. Was feeling my mental capacity fizzle away after a year of use and decided to get off it. Which led to 5 monhts of weening and 16 more months (and counting) of severe horrific withdrawal state. Every symptom imaginable. You feel like you 're a dead zombie. Still struggling to finish sentences and talk 16 months out. Do not recommend to anyone. Find other solutions, please. Most doctors are clueless of the hell.
I hate this pill. I originally switched to LoLo after I noticed that the generic for Notrel 1/35 (Dasetta) was giving me slight mood swings. I 've been on this pill for 3 months and I am switching back to Dasetta after this week since they do not make Notrel anymore. This pill has caused anxiety, major mood swings and even mild depression; I don 't feel like myself at all and have never suffered from depression/major mood swings before this pill. My husband has even said I 've been acting differently and not like myself. I think the biggest issue is that my body goes through the PMS symptoms the last week of the package, but my period never arrives and messes up my hormones. Hopefully going back to the Dasetta will be better
This drug is horrible, my doctor recommended I takeone  5mg tablet for 7 days before bed time for neck and trapezious muscle pain, I feel a loss of balance, I feel like I 'm going to pass out, at the time is this writing this is 18 hours after I took this drug I can 't function at all, I can 't work because I feel like the room is spinning and I 'm also getting these severe headaches that come off and on during the day, I will not be taking this anymore. I 'll stick to my ibuprofen and moderate exercise for my neck and trapezious muscle pain. And PS, if your a coffee drinker or like your sodas those will enhance all these effects even worse, I recommend not having caffeine at ALL!
Horrible side effects. Angiodema and cough, itchy skin.  Dangerous medicine.
To cut a long story short, I got septic from failed appendicitis operation as a teenager. On morphine to help with the pain I got the sickness and spent some time on another anti-emetic. This stopped working eventually so I was given a cyclizine injection. I vividly remember my leg going into convulsions, watching the fear in my mum 's face as she stood by, then my whole body shaking uncontrollably with sweats. I passed out soon after, woke up with no idea how much time had passed but was told I was allergic to it. Horrible reaction to an horrible drug.
I can 't recommend this pill. It 's only been two days and my IQ has gone way down, I promise it wasn 't always this way... Anyway, within two days of taking this pill my mind became incredibly forgetful, I forgot my own phone number, and it took me 5 minutes to be able to recall it again. I made multiple big mistakes at work, mistakes that I 've never made in my whole 2 years there. I was mortified, but thankfully my boss was really nice about it.Also, I gave a girlfriend a ride home and she told me I was driving awfully and it kind of scared her. Normally I 'm a very cautious driver, and she told me that she 'd never felt that way before with my driving.I can 't continue taking this pill because it destroys my good work performance.
Worst experience ever. I have not stopped bleeding right when I got the shot I immediately regretted it. Don 't do it
I 've been on this medication a couple of times and for whatever reason something has not quite felt right however the dosage I was taking was over and I went on my Merry Little way. However right before Christmas I was diagnosed was having bacterial pneumonia for the second time in less than a year. For whatever reason the doctor shows to put me on a very high dose with another antibiotic to go with it. It was almost immediately after being discharged from the hospital and going home with my prescription and taking it that I noticed several different changes about myself which included a loss of taste, appetite and sleep. By day 5 I figured they were normal side effects but day 6 my legs, feet, ankles and toes on both feet blew up with pain
:( if your insurance Covers Saxenda , please ADD their name to your posting.I would love to take Saxenda however my Insurance carrier does not cover this drug. Open Season is almost over-closed.  I have time to choose another carrier. please help!
This drug attacked my eyes hours after the first dose. I had extremely blurry vision the entire three days I took it and then when I stopped, blood vessels burst and my eyes felt like they had sand in them for two days. United Healthcare forced me to take it because they don 't want to pay for Januvia, which worked well for me.
If you give this a try hang on for a possible wild ride!!!  I had the most vivid night terrors of my life.  They were so real I was soaked in sweat.  Several times I felt like I woke up from a dream but was actually still dreaming and that was beyond disorienting.  I also managed to send some bizarre texts and did a few things around the house, I am still not sure what all I did...  If you do try this I strongly suggest you don 't do this sleeping alone, you may need someone to keep you safe in case you experience some of these.  I understand not everyone does and I don 't know the real frequency, but safety should definitely be a key consideration.
I have been on this pill for almost 7 months now and when I first started I would have horrible mood swings. I 've been depressed ever since the first pill and now I have been bleeding for the last month so I 've decided to stop taking it and look for something better. Nor did it help the cramps. Just made them worse and last longer.
I was diagnosed with extreme dry eye, in part due to past Lasix surgery, part occupational hazard, and part age related. My doctor put me on Restasis. It turns out I am allergic. I had none of the eye pain others described. But, my vision was very blurry impeding my ability to read and focus starting day 1. I increased my fluid intake, thinking dehydration. I had a &quot;light &quot; headache, sinus &amp; throat issues getting progressively worse and I would suddenly lose my voice &amp; experience dizziness. My blood pressure was elevated. My face became red &amp; itchy.After feeling abnormalities in the blood flow around my heart, I stopped the Restasis. This all happened in 4 days.  Most of the symptoms left 48 hours after stopping. Restasis is not for everyone.
While this medication can be obtained relatively cheaply, please make sure you read about any side effects it can cause.  While I did feel a little better while taking it, I gained a significant amount of weight in a short period of time (40lbs in 2 months).  I have since been taken off of it because the rapid weight gain was concerning to my PCP who relayed it to my Psychiatrist.  Make sure you speak up if you are experiencing any of the side effects.  Weight gain like I experienced is not worth me taking this medication.
I bought this twice in a three week period hoping it would cure a yeast infection i had twice. The first time i took it nothing happened. There was nothing that happened to me. So i thought i should see my obgyn in case it was bacterial vaginosis. The doctor said it was a yeast infection and they gave me 150mg  flucanozole. Which is diflucan!! And it worked. Next week later i had a yeast infection again! I bought diflucan again thinking it would work. But guess what??!  it did not work! Why the hell did the one from the doctor work. But the one from the store is rubbish. There was more then a week in between taking the first diflucan and the one the doctor prescribed. So it wasn 't the two working together. diflucan is a sham!
I started taking trulicity last Monday.  Once I had the first injection, I immediately felt symptoms of nausea and dizziness.  I 'm only in my first week and I have called off work twice because of the diarrhea and vomiting. I do not recommend trulicity  I will not take trulicity next week and I hope to not feel the way I feel now. I 've lost 4 pounds but I can 't hold any food down.  My blood sugar is somewhere between 146 and 120 but the way I feel it really doesn 't matter.
So I 'll be 28 in 2 months....I am getting Skyla tomorrow, but, I 've had Mirena, after my 2 nd daughter I decided to get Mirena and it was the WORST thing in the WORLD....I was a major bitch I gained 20 lbs I was an emotional asshole and I bled NON stop...I can not be on birth control because I have a blood mutation so any pill makes me higher risk for blood clots...I just had my 3rd child almost 2 years ago and I had been getting SEVERE migraines and mood swings so I went to the doctor and asked her opinion, she said that Skyla is a lower dose and it may be better for me because she thinks the Mirena was too high of a hormone dose. BUT since I got Mirena in 2009, you 'd think I 'd forget the insertion I didn 't..It wasn 't that bad and I 'm a baby.
HORRIBLE!!! I had numbness/tingling my skin felt like it was crawling I got really irritable and had a seizure! If you have ANY unusual but serious side effects call your doctor! I have heard of other cases of people having seizures on this medication.
I was put on erythromycin for a tooth infection. It raised my blood pressure to 170/112. I stopped taking it when the course finished. I felt dizzy and out of sorts. My blood pressure is slowly decreasing now, but I still feel dizzy sometimes. 
I got it to be able to have sex with my boyfriend and because I was told that it stopped your periods I did some research and found that it did in the long term. I got it on June 24 I was fine for 2 1/2 weeks then I got my period on the 14th of July and it 's now August 9th. So yes it works as birth control but I 'm bleeding all the time!
A friend recommended so I thought I would give it a try. She never mentioned severe pain. Just that your stomach hurts a bit because that means it 's working. I took 3 pills around 9:30 pm and at 11:30 pm the severe cramping began. I also became extremely nauseous. I was doubled over in pain, it was so painful I had no idea what to do with myself. On a scale from 1-10 the cramping was a 12! It did do it 's job but the severe pain is not worth it at all.
I was put on this for depression. The first day I took it, I got extreme fatigue and it took so much willpower to get up and do anything. I just did not want to move. I also got out of breath doing the simplest things, like getting out of my car and standing up. I was a total zombie. These symptoms decreased within a few weeks, but it was awful to get through. In addition, I was 130 lbs. when I began taking it and blew up to 209 lbs. over one year despite not eating more or exercising less. It also didn 't help my depression. So in the end it did not help me and I gained 79 lbs. in one year. As soon as I stopped taking it, my weight dropped down to 160 lbs. without doing anything. 
Throwing mine in the trash!! I 've been on Aubra for about three weeks. Been spotting/bleeding ever since. I have had the worst headache of my life for two weeks straight not to mention the nausea and vomitting. I 'd rather just risk a pregnancy. This is ridiculous. I can 't even function with daily life.
I got my shot February 7 day after I had my son I was bleeding like crazy this is been going on 3+ months my ob said there 's nothing they could do and I 'm currently still bleeding ugh
Was only able to take it till the 4th day due to the severe side effects. Lost all energy, couldn 't eat, head pain etc. I think my body just has a hard time tolerating antidepressants.
Have been using SYSTANE on &amp; off for a few weeks and have experienced severe redness, swelling &amp; itching around my eyes.  Couldn 't figure out at first what was causing, so narrowed it down to this product, and made note WHEN I used it.  Sure enough, SYSTANE seemed to be the cause. While using this eye gel and naturally blinking after it is placed in eyes, some gel gets onto the surrounding skin around the eyes, and it has caused the redness, itching &amp; swelling.So, be aware of this side effect.
I gained 20 lbs on Nexplanon over the course of a year and a half, gaining 10 of those during the last 3 months while dieting. When I had it taken out I lost 4 lbs during the first week. I stopped gaining weight and after a couple months my body was back to normal and I was able to lose another 6 lbs (so far).Not everyone gains weight and I also gained weight very easily during pregnancy. I suspect those two responses may be related. It seems like it would be a great option for lots of people, but beware of this side effect. It 's not good for your heart to carry around extra pounds. Good luck!
I had the Mirena placed on a Tuesday. I am 34 no health issues at all, fit, athletic etc.  No anaesthetic, was fine being inserted (uncomfortable).  It was advised by my gyne for heavy periods etc.  After 6 hours severe back pain (diclofenac taken) some sleep had, by morning pain all down right leg and pelvic pain. I called my  said doctor who advised to take Tramadol to easy pain only took it away for 2/3 hours.  I could barely get out of bed and move or when I did needed to constantly move to easy pain. On Thursday afternoon and many painkiller had it removed pain in back went in 15 minutes.  They felt it was aggravating my sciatic nerve hence leg pain.  Horrific experience it wasn 't till I done research off all the side effects it has. shocked
Went on this because I was looking for something non-habit forming to replace Ativan to help w my bad anxiety and flashbacks/nightmares at night. Sadly it did absolutely nothing to reduce the severity of any of my symptoms and also messed with my blood pressure which made me dizzy and almost pass out when I 'd wake up :( I was taken off of it pretty quickly because of what it did to my blood pressure.
I tried Mirvaso as recommended by my dermatologist.  He gave me samples to try.  The first few days using it, I was so excited.  My face looked clear of redness and &quot;normal&quot;.  I loved what I saw and thought there was finally something out there that would combat the redness for good.  After a few days at night when I washed off the medication, I noticed that my face looked redder than ever.  It looked red like a tomato and a little swollen.  I continued using the medication thinking it was my skin adjusting to it.  Wrong!  The redness only continued and got worse.  I stopped using Mirvaso for good.  Hopefully others have a better outcome than I did.
Hate this med. Constantly sick on it. Stomach pain, severe diarrhea, passing out, severe dizziness and unable to wake up. Hungry for food all the time. Nasty taste in mouth. Thirsty all the time. Can 't motivate myself to do anything. This was on the lowest dose available. Won 't take it ever again don 't care what my doctor says. No way.
I was on the depo a little over a year ago had no problems nor period the whole time . This year I returned back to the depo feb 10 , 2015 and have been bleeding for 2 1/2 months straight . The Depo is terrible. NEVER AGAIN
This was the first one I was put on after going off b.c. after college when I was able to get married and needed contraceptive. I had known for years that I had PCOS (zero periods/year) and would eventually get my diagnosis 2 months after this b.c. It was horrible. I had major mood swings, I would scream at my husband (then fiance) then all of a sudden end up bawling. I had to go off it and still have yet to find a good b.c. that works.
Was on this pill for 2 months and had extreme mood swings, heavier periods, cramping and acne. I did not experience any weight gain. This is the 3rd pill I have tried but did not like.
On week three of the 3rd month. No sex drive, my breasts ache badly, and my mood swings/anger/depression is CONSTANT. I 'm changing now.
My husband went on Janument and I noticed one day that he was slurring his words. I thought since he had pancakes with sugar free syrup he had a reaction to the syrup. He went off the medication and the slurring stopped.
I didn 't have a very good experience with the Nexplanon. Having it placed in my arm was the only part that went smoothly. The only time it hurt was when my doctor numbed me, but it wasn 't that bad at all. The very next day I became very nauseous &amp; kept gagging. I kept the Nexplanon for a month (a month too long) &amp; the whole time I stayed sick on my stomach. Certain smells would make me sick &amp; I could barely eat. Even if I didn 't eat anything I would still get sick. It was so bad that I went to the doctor &amp; she prescribed me pills to help with the nausea while I waited to see if I would get adjusted to it or not. The only other problem I had with it was it messed with my moods. I stayed agitated all of the time &amp; I would cry real easily.
I would never reccomend this shot to anyone! I know everyone is different but i am 18 years old and have been on it for 2 years! Ive experienced crazy weight gain, hair loss and my anxiety was bad before but now it is terrible where it is causing me to not even sleep at night anymore! I do like the no periods but all the other side effects just kind of ruin that! If you are looking for birth control methods all i have to say is just DON 'T pick the depo shot!!!
I started taking Ocella due to complications with a ruptured ovarian cyst. I 'm on my 10th day of taking it and I still have my period. I 've been getting chest pain and rapid heart beats, I have absolutely no sex drive and I have been experiencing the worst migraines of my life. I will not recommend this pill to anyone.
Ok I 'm ready to die! My vagina is on FIRE! It 's the worse feeling burning and itching x 1000000 please don 't try this ladies .I just want it gone...
It has NEVER worked for a sinus infection. I just finished 2 of the 5 day dose packs and 3 days later has a fever of 102 with a massive infection still raging.
I believe I may be having a reaction to the medicine. I inserted the treatment before bed. Now, almost 24 hours later, I am swollen like a cauliflower. It 's awful. Way worse than the infection itself. I think taking this medication is a risk and it 's definitely not worth it to find out how your body will respond. Get the 7 day or call your doctor.
Tried it and it worked great except for the side effects of depression, anxiety, agitation, depression.
I 'm 23 years old and overall healthy. The first six months I didn 't notice any differences in my cycle, health, or personality. However, after the six months I noticed chest pain, palpitations, numbness in my extremities that would come and go. I would go to the doctors to get it checked out and my labs and EKG all came back normal. Shortly after these problems occurred I started to become very anxious. I have never had anxiety in the past so I tracked when exactly I was having it and when it was at it 's highest. After two months of tracking it, I noticed on the same exact day of those months I had the highest anxiety at the same exact time. Needless to say this drug was awful on my health so I stopped taking it.
I found the generic Greenstone Brand 250mg tablet, NDC 59762-3060-1 to not be effective! In the past I have taken the brand name Zithromax Z-Pak and by the third dose I knew I was recovering from my illness. Since starting the GS brand I have experienced unusual tiredness, voice hoarseness, &amp; an increase in a stuffy, mucus filled nose. Completed RX as instructed, not improved any.  I feel it should be pulled from the insurance companies list of generic azithromycins!!
I recently got the deposit shot March 9th for the very first time. And for the rest of the month I didn 't have an sign of a cycle. Come April 6th I 've been spotting ever since. I even went to the Dr at the end of April to get estrogen pills to stop the bleeding and it stops bit as soon as you stop taking the pills it starts right back spotting again which I stopped taking because it caused a yeast infection, so then I had to get med for that. Here it is the end of May and I 'm still bleeding. And come June I 'm scheduled for the 2nd shot. There is NO WAY I 'm ever getting this again. Can someone tell me when does this ever stop. I even started reading up on natural ways such as herbal stores to help stop the bleeding. What helps?
It 's been utterly worthless. I guess evergone is different and only way to know is to try it. Started at 1.5 mg, upped it to 3mg...nothing.
Do not use this drug or any bisphosphonate. The first year I used it  3 of my fingernails had lifted off their nail bed. The 2nd year I got osteonecrosis of my left lower jaw. I loss 3 teeth, cannot have implants due to poor bone quality. The 3rd year my doctor had decided not to give it to me. I still suffered side effects of this drug. I was standing in one place ironing a shirt when I heard a pop in my leg and could feel my femur moving over.  That was 2 years ago and my femur is still fractured.  I just had my 4th surgery and hoping this heals my fracture.
I don 't know what they did but this product just doesn 't work the way it used to, used to. Only provides minor relief for a very short period of time and doesn 't do at all what is advertised.
This drug had almost a methamphetamine effect on me.  I could almost feel my blood going thru my veins.  Couldn 't think straight, Had extreme pressure in my eyeballs, headaches and couldn 't sleep.  Went to a half dose with no change in symptoms.  Went off of it 4 days ago and all of the negative symptoms have disappeared.
Breo eliptica  improved my breathing greatly, however the  side effects were extreme. I had 2 episodes of double vision, one while driving and extreme back pain to the point when I could not walk.
Bactrim was killing my stomach no matter how much food and water I took with it. I was in constant stomach pain. Had to change it the second day.
I have had at least four surgeries for the pain i been having, the last surgeon told me there is nothing she can do for me that I just have chronic pain. I was sent to a chronic pain doctor and they put me on cymbalta, I have been on it for seven months and I 'm still in pain. I take 60mg at bed time, i been having mood swings agitated, anxious, etc i dont know if this the medicine i should be taking. I quit my job due to the pain i really need help and don 't know where to turn
How has this not been recalled? The worst experience ever. I have used similar products in the past with no problems. This caused extreme burning and pain within minutes and did not improve until evening the next day. Just in time for day two dose. It was worse than day before. I am afraid to try a day dose 3. No way this is minor irritation. DO NOT USE THIS!!
I got my implanon in December of last year, and I had no problems with getting it put in. It was painless and I thought that this one was going to work. I had no problems with it until late February, 2 months latter. When period started later and continued until 2 weeks ago, I had been on a constant period months straight. It was horribly painful and I cannot wait till I get it out in a year and a half.
Started 2.20.17.  Biggest side effect is lack of sleep.  I notice I am not crazy about food as before.  I cannot tolerate any caffeine including chocolate as my heart rate will increase.  Looking forward to results!
Hallucinations confusion loss of appetite .up set tummy mum is 85
Took the pill and had the opposite effect. Experienced back ache,  tightness and aching in the chest and jaw. Not the medicine for me as I am obviously allergic to it.
Can anyone tell me how long it stsys in your system please? Had only one injection, won 't have another but want to know if these awful side effects will subside in time now that ive decided to stop them. Thankyou.
I am 20 years old and have had the Nexplanon in my arm for 2 years.The insertion itself wasn 't bad, just a little sting. I didn 't have any bruising and the rod is still able to be felt in my arm.I first experienced a little acne and a little weight gain but nothing major. Now having the rod in my arm for 2 years, I have experienced major anxiety, depression, and mood swings.As most other young adults, working parttime and going to school parttime can cause a lot a stress on a person.. at first I thought it was normal and every other person was experiencing the same stress as me.. It kept getting worse. My boyfriend of 3 years began to notice my changes. I have became completely depressed. I am now looking into getting my rod removed ASAP
I hate this drug. I hate everything it is doing to me. I was diagnosed with Breast Cancer, hormone- estrogen. Surgery was successful, lymph nodes clear. We caught it very early. I participated in a radiation study, 5 treatments of partial breast radiation. I want off, I wake up tired, I go to bed tired, I manage to function through my day. My sweats &amp; hot flashes are worse than ever before. They were almost done. Joint pain every day, back, hips, fingers, shoulders, etc. I have no idea of how long they want me on it. I am researching foods to eliminate from my diet, that promote the production of hormones &amp; estrogen.
I had the MIrena IUD inserted three days ago, had it removed today.  I 'm 60, post menopausal, taking compounded estrogen and progesteron.  Due to uterine lining thickening and a polyp, OBGYN did a D&amp;C a few weeks ago, recommended the Mirena IUD to prevent further lining build-up.    The insertion was easy.  I was told to take 800 mg of ibuprofen 1.5 hours before insertion, felt no pain, very mild cramping after, no bleeding.  The first night I felt anxious, kept waking up.  The second night I couldn 't fall asleep, finally fell asleep around 3am, fitfull sleep.  Third night, no sleep until 5am.  I 'm very sensitive to meds, have the same problem with predensone and anti-histamines.
Do not take keppa! 
I went to the doctor after having pain in my elbow, I thought tennis elbow my doctor dismissed it as tendonitis an quickly prescribed me Naproxen 500mg to be taken twice daily. I made sure I took after food on the and third day in I started experiencing stomach pain and indignation/ heart burn.  This continued over next 2 days with increased pain and feeling bloated, on the fifth day a stiffness started creeping in all over my body so bad that I couldn 't take my own clothes off.  It is now day 6 I haven 't taken any tablets and had to spend the day in bed. It has even made my breasts feel very sore. I feel as though I 've been in an horrendous car crash.  I will definitely not be taking this drug ever again. I 'm usually a very fit 49 year old,
I was on Lent 's and Novalog for 10 years then my Dr switch me to Ivokana, Levimer and Victory.  The Ivokana made me throw my guts up, lose my vision on and off, blood sugar levels spiked to 400 or more, always dehydrated and several other symptoms.  I stop taking it.  The Levimer makes me have several bowel movements daily and I lost 15 lbs but I didn 't want to lose weight I only weigh 140. I have lost all my muscle and still craving sugar.  I quit taking the Victoza  because I was sugar spikes were over 300.  These medications killing me. They all have me craving sugar, diarrhea and even have me depressed.  I only take Metformin pills 4 500 milligrams a day. 
Why on earth any company would add fragrance to a medicine is beyond me when so many medical facilities have gone fragrance free. Even the low level fragrance has caused nausea after a half day 's use. It 's either the fragrance or a reaction to the gel. Didn 't make much difference in my pain level.
A doctor gave me Ultram with Trazadone for a sprained wrist and insomnia/anxiety. I took them both at bedtime and by morning I was throwing up with one of the worst headaches of my life, on my birthday. I threw up all day.
I 've been on this certain kind of BC for about 3 months now. The pill does its job, by I constantly feel sick to my stomach and have absolutely no appetite. I have to make myself eat during the day. Everyone 's body adjusts differently, but I wouldn 't recommend.
Two Aleve a day helped my back pain, but over time it affected my stomach. My gastroenterologist knew immediately what my problem was and I 've stopped Aleve entirely. I had almost a year of constant nausea and pain until I quit taking Aleve.
This medication gave me the worst experience of my life. It made me sleepy, yes. But at the same time, It sped up my mental discomfort, and it made my muscles jump. Similar to restless leg syndrome, but throughout my entire body. It was so bad they had to reverse it with Benadryl to alleviate the symptoms, And finally they gave me a mixture of Valium and Demerol to put me in a twilight state until it passed. If you have ANY medication allergies, even mild. I would strongly advise against this medication. 
Was only able to manage a week on on this drug.. 40mg. The side effects where pretty intense and intolerable. Cold sweats, nausea, headaches, and sexual dysfunction where very strong. Maybe some other less noticeable side effects as well, didn 't stay on long enough to pinpoint.I did not notice any benefits during my brief use.I am also taking buproprion and did not adjust my dose after starting fetzima.. which I now realize I should have considered. Fetzima has a 1:2 seretonin:norepinephrine reuptake inhibition ratio, most SNRI have between 20:1 to 5:1, so Fetzima is fairly unique and probably could have replaced my ssri and buproprion.Found something new and wont be trying again, the side effect were just too bad.
It 's working but I am quitting. I was told by the doctor that the clavulanate could trigger gastrointestinal side effects. Should have been my first clue.I have IBS and I 'm emetophobic. I took my 5th pill (of 14) and within 15-20 minutes I was in agony. I had diarrhea the morning before, but wrote it off on the IBS. It should have been a warning. Crippling stomach pain, gas, massive headache, and more diarrhea. Had an anxiety attack and had to take a Xanax. Calling my doc in the morning to get off of it.And yes, I was taking the pills with food, probiotics, etc. They didn 't help me.
I have had my nexplonon for a year. Ever since I 've been on it I haven 't gained much weight or had terrible mood swings. I do suffer from depression but I started suffering from that long before I got my Nexplonon. I take an antidepressant so mymoods are pretty normal. You must be wondering why I gave this product a rating of 1. Well when I first got the nexplonon I didn 't have my period for three months (whoot whoot). I thought it was all fine and dandy but then the fourth month I 've had it up until now I have had my period 24/7. Not one day has gone by in these 9 months that I haven 't had a heavy flow of blood. I am finally done with it and I 'm getting it taken out. DO NOT GET THIS BIRTH CONTROL!!! You will regret it
I switched from orthopedic tri cyclen lo because my insurance started charging me almost $300 for 3 months. I didn 't want to pay this so i was put on tri lo sprintec since it was covered. I started getting the worst anxiety I have ever had at the bed of the first week. I am on my second pack and hasn 't gotten better. I am finishing out this pack and switching. This has been by far the worst birth control for me.
I have taken this medicine once before and it made me have flu like symptoms, diarrhea, terrible taste in my mouth in general feel awful when I am on this. I agree with person above almost worse than having the pain from diverticulitis.  I am also taking Cipro so no dairy products, antacids tablets.  Basically I try to force my self to eat and drink and sleep through the worst of the systems. This is miserable and depressing.  As soon as I can I plan to try to eat the recommended about of Fiber 25-30 grams.  I never want to have diverticulitis again twice in 5 months is to much.  I have 1 more week of meds, feels like a life time. 
WORST BIRTH CONTROL EVER. After 3-4 months on this medication, I developed severe nausea, vomiting, mood swings, bad anxiety and depression. Every day I would wake up with the worst stomach cramps and was constantly constipated. Also felt so exhausted every day. I quit shortly after the symptoms came up and its been 3 months since I quit and I 'm still struggling and not myself. Please do not take this. The only positives were it cleared up my face slightly and my breasts became bigger.
Yesterday I went to the emergency room with severe vertigo that I had for three days prior and a migraine had started two days after the vertigo and it was painful it was the first time I ever went to an emergency room for a head ache. They were very worried I could not walk due to the severe vertigo so they decided to give me mezacline and  Reglan in an IV drip and something for nausea and within 10 minutes of the IV I began shaking uncontrollably all over and my muscles were twitching my stomach was burning horribly and I  literally felt a panic so severe I thought I was dying and finally it became so bad the doctor gave me a Valium and within 10 minutes I felt back to normal .Reglan was the problem and I NEVER want that feeling again!
My son, 11, had been on Concerta for two years. We took him off of this med because he was getting very aggressive, with me and his siblings, and also kept saying he was going to kill himself.
I was given the once daily trial package of 5mg Cialis. I have read several comments on the number of days taking it before it works. I have been taking it for 5 days now and I have not noticed any effects from it at all. With help from my wife I have only been able to achieve about a 50% erection for some time and after 5 days of Cialis use I cannot notice any difference. I will take it for another two days and if it doesn 't start working I will try another brand of medication. I must say I am very disappointed after reading so many positive reviews. Glad I didn 't spend the $400 plus for the ten 20mg pills the doctor prescribed. If the daily use didn 't work, I doubt the as needed will work either.
I got my first depo shot right after my last menstrual period like that day it was gone. Everything was fine but started bleeding again like the week after and it lasted for like two weeks then went away for a week I was happy for that week now I 'm still bleeding lightly every day I can 't wait for march that 's when it should be out of my system I 'm so tired of the unexpected bleeding can 't even where a dress or feel sexy with my husband cuz it 's always there annoyed I 'm just getting on the pill
Depo was the worst thing I could have done to my body. After one shot  was horribly moody, my skin broke out, and I gained weight.  I never got another one but I bled for 3 months straight and the only way I could stop it was going on the pill. DO NOT USE THIS FORM OF CONTRACEPTION!
Was given this in ER through an IV. Immediately heart started racing and felt like I was going to pass out. Blood pressure went from 124 to 159 within seconds. Never want to experience that again.
Awful. Took the medication before bed as directed by the box, and woke in the middle of the night to extreme stomach pain and nausea. I spent several hours lying on the bathroom floor, feeling like I may die. It cleared up the constipation, but it went from one extreme to another.This is not worth it! I would way rather be constipated!!
Please DO NOT take this!!!! I have taking it for 7 years it never really worked I don 't know why I kept taking it, When I was diagnose with mood disorder they put me on new meds and took me off cymbalta. They did wean me off BUT I WAS AWFUL THE WITHDRAWALS WERE AND STILL ARE 3 WEEKS LATER SO BAD!!! THE BRAIN ZAPS ARE THE WORST AND THEN THERE IS SWEATING SHAKING NAUSEA PLEASE DON 'T EVEN START IT EVEN IF IT MAKE YOU FEEL GOOD
I 've tried Viagra and found it worked pretty well, I had some side effects namely heart burn and headaches so thought I 'd try Cialis to see if I suffered from the same effects. I started off by taking 10mg of Cialis and after an hour I had a slight stirring in the loins but that was about it, so took the remainder of the dosage (10mg) and it helped slightly but was still less that I would normally get without any medication, very disappointed and to top it all I 've had heart burn most of the following day. I bought a pack of 8 costing a reasonable amount to add to the situation.  Guess it works for some and not others.
The second day of taking Zetia I had night leg cramps (Charlie 's Horse).  The third night, same thing, leg cramps at night.  The fourth night foot and leg cramps at night.  Stopped taking them after fourth night.
Have had 8 pound weight gain, agitation has increased, depression is coming back. 
It worked great at first and I loved the medicine, but after long term use I realized it had changed my personality.  At first I attributed the depression and irratibility to a recent move and change in job but as soon as I stopped the Lunesta the depression cleared and I was back to my normal self.  I would maybe recommend this for only occasional use but not for any extended perion.
Allergic Reaction, I had to stop taking this medication. Pain is a better option
Like everyone else is saying it was the worst experience of my life taking this over the counter drug. I tend to have a medicine senestivity so I took one instead of suggested adult dose three tablets. Like everyone else here I started getting horrible cramps within an hour, which was odd because knowing I was going to take this at 9 pm I 'd been drinking about 8 oz of water since 7 pm on the hour. Within an hour of this drug in my system I began vomiting . And I was thankful for that because at least I was getting it out of my body. I vomited three times before midnight and went to bed queasy and sweaty. The next morning I did have a normal bowel movement but it was not worth the added vomiting. Where was this on the side effects!
Well I have to say I have be debating on trying this medicine. Then I gathered up enough nerve to try it and, 1st night I took did not sleep very well and the following day I just felt so out of it, It was caused for concern at my job. I can honestly say, in my case the side effects are far more worse than my anxiety.
Last night was night 1 in the 7 day monistat. It was okay. Didn 't burn much. But when I woke up this morning and went pee... Omg. Itching sssoooo bad. Nasty leaking. But I believe its curing the infection. Its just day 1 tonight I 'm sure it will ease up. I 'll keep posting for each day. (About to take a hot bath! Those work too to ease the itch.)
I first got Depo 4 years ago March 2013....  my periods disappeared completely... yes..  I 've had no period for 4 years. It 's hard to say any other symptoms at the time as I was on other meds as well. But I 've just got off it for the first time March 2017 and the side affects getting off are terrible! I haven 't stopped a mix of spotting and well lots of brown and black blood. I 'm in a new relationship and we can 't even have sex. I 've had mood swings, Nausea, extremely sore breast, cramps and omg the acne. This drug was all well and good until I realised some of my issues the past couple yrs could have very much so been this drug. I 've been referred to a gyn for abnormal issues such as post coital bleeding (b4 getting off depo) and pain in ovaries.
PLEASE PLEASE READ !!!I was prescribed the medicine a few years ago... JUST now found that I could leave a  review ~ After q while ... I guess after the medicine got into my system at a certain level... I STARTING HAVING.. SEIZURES.. NOT REGULAR ONES... but one sooo BAD that I would have to have CPR... I would be &quot;OUT&quot; for approx. 45 minutes!!!  I would take my medicine and about 30 minutes later I 'd &quot;awaken&quot; with Paramedics SURROUNDING ...NOT HAVING A CLUE WHY.... AND LYING IN MY OWN HUGE PUDDLE OF URINE... THE NEXT DAY I 'D FIND BRUISES in the ODDEST places !  Like on the INSIDE OF MY UPPER ARMS AND ON MY FEET AND EVERY WHERE! And I would have simply been walking in an isle of a Vitamin Shoppe or sitting under a dryer at a Hair Salon.
I started taking trulicity 6-8-16. I have been sick every since. Lost ten pounds.can 't eat. Have a hard time moving at all. I 'm tired all the time. Dizzy and lightheaded. Now a yeast infection.  Been coughing too. I 'm not taking anymore until I go to Dr Thursday. I believe it works but I can 't take feeling like this.  Feel too weak.
I switched to the Nuvaring about 3 weeks ago from the pill. I was excited by how much easier it was than worrying about taking a pill at the same time every day. This excitement quickly faded when I got suddenly feverish and sick on my 9th day with the Nuvaring. I was too weak and had too severe cramping to leave my bed for 12 hours. But I steadily recovered after I removed the Nuvaring. I had it out for two days and my doctor suggested I put a new one in, so I thought I 'd give it another chance. After another week, I 've had a sudden and vicious outbreak of cold sores on my lips. I used to get them all the time, but I hadn 't had one in three years. I 'm done with the Nuvaring for good.
Prescribed for a UTI. Long story short I thought there was something seriously wrong with me. Sever body aches, joint pain, back, chest, fever up to 101.7, major chills, headache, anxious, depressed, crying, irritable, FATIGUE, weakness, night sweats, tight jaw, the list goes on and on. This medication is dangerous and I 'm glad I stumbled across this site because I thought I was going crazy. I have 1 more day of this horrible medication and I 'll stick it out because I don 't want to have to take anymore antibiotics.  100mg 2x a day for 7 days
I started this pill when my son was 3 months old (he is now 18 months old). About 6 months ago I stopped taking the pill and 3 months later I started it again. I had never had any problems with the pill before this but after stopping/starting the pill my hair started falling out. I have been to my OBGYN about it (who has taken me off of the pill), to my primary care physician, and to a dermatologist. All 3 doctors say there really isn 't anything they can do about the hair loss. It 's been about 5 months of hair loss and I am to the point my husband last night noticed my hair line is receding and I 've lost about 70% of my hair. I am devastated, embarrassed, and scared! I have read devastating hair loss can happen with this pill!
I started the depo shot January 9th,2016 on my period and two weeks later on January22,2016 I started my cycle again and have been bleeding for 3 months and is still bleeding. I will not be going for my second injection which is in two weeks. I also have head aches and get dizzy often and it has been hard for me to get wet since I started. I will not recommend this to anyone.
I can fall asleep very easily, but my problem is staying asleep.  Not only did this product keep me awake all night, but I woke up with a severe headache, stomach cramps, dizziness, and grogginess the entire next day.  I felt like I was hungover.  Never again.  I 'm sticking to Z-Quil.
I took this medication for just two days. My doc told me I did not have to wean off of effexor I could just start taking the trintellix on the day I chose.  I became severely depressed.  It hit me like a load of bricks.  Sobbing, feeling helpless, hopelessness and that my life was just not worth living.  I was shocked at how fast these feeling came upon me  I have never experienced something like this before and I have been on several antidepressants over the years.  I also had severe nausea and diarrhea for over 24 hours.  The third day, yesterday I went back to the effexor.  Today I finally feel like myself inside and out.  This medication was NOT for me!
I 'm not sure mucinex works. I know it kept me wide awake. It was hard for me to sleep. When I was awake,  In felt like my balance was off, so I felt dizzy. U couldn 't go down spiral steps. I would not recommend it.
Yes, from Yaz I switched to Loestrin Fe. I gained weight and my bottom got so big! I am switching back to Yaz again. I gained 10 lbs in a month! All I eat is salad and everything under control. Not even junk food nor food with sugar. I am so disappointed. Everyone is telling me I am fat now.
This product is awful! Not two minutes after applying it, I felt an intense itchy sensation that was far worse that the yeast infection itself. I was so miserable. I thought maybe they were just side effects, but upon further research I learned that I was not the only one with this problem. I 'm so scared because I read that some women had to go to Urgent Care due to the severe results this product caused, such as swelling and burning. I 'm worse off than I was before.
Gave me diarrhea, dizziness, nausea, stomach cramps, and even some numbness in tongue/face. Worse than the cough. Never again.
This is my third week and all of a sudden I experience panic attacks like I have completely gone insane. I have cried and was sick worried over everything and everybody. Definitely, I need to change the pill, this is definitely not working for me. 
I would give it a negative 100 if I could. It is being misused for simple infections and has destroyed 100s of 1000s of lives. It destroyed mine. (after only 4 pills). look up Cipro toxicity. Got to the fluoroquinolone wall of pain. Do some homework but do NOT take this drugs unless you are dying and there is no other option.
Worst mistake of my life. I found out after a year of terrifyingly heavy periods that lasted all but 5 days a month and cramps that made me an invalid regularly that this iud contains copper plated nickel. DO NOT USE THIS IUD if you have ANY sort of sensitivity to nickel! You will wish you could die and you will feel sick 100% of the time.I toughed it out for a long time with paragard to see if it would get better. It didn 't. Don 't wait if a bc disagrees with you...you might lose a year of being functional and happy because of a bc that ruins your physical and/or mental health like this one did for me.
Oh my God! I read the instructions. It says 1 to 3 tablets at bedtime. I took 2. I honestly believe that 3 would 've killed me dead!! Worst stomach pain and cramps of my life.  I was sure I was dying. Vomiting, sweating and laboured breathing as well as shaking and panic stricken. I am sure that people that took 3 of those demon pills died on their bathrooms a painful and slow death. Rest on peace!.
I am on the 0.6 dose so far and been on this for a week. I have not lost anything and I eat 1200 calories or less every day, drink water and walk every night.  I think this only works if you are extremely fat or cannot control your eating because nothing has changed for me at all.  I am 41 years old 5 '4 and 196 pounds and I tried the Belviq also with zero success.  This medicine does not work
The first two weeks of being on the nexplanon was the worst. I had my period and my arm from the insertion was hurting like anything for the longest time. One thing I hate about this birth control was the weight gain. I started the nexplanon in May 2014 and ever since then I gained 17 pounds. No matter how healthy I eat or how much I exercise, I cannot lose the weight. Not only was the weight a big downside, but I was so moody all the time and lost my sex drive. The only good thing about this birth control was not having my period for over a year which can also be a scary thing for most people. Also it is 99.9% effective so I felt very safe on nexaplanon. However I do not recommend this birth control option.
I was given this medication after my insurance stopped covering Embrel (which worked awesome for me) the beginning of 2015. To me, this medication what the worst of all worst for my body. While taking this medication, I experience every side effect that it stated and never subsided. I experienced massive headaches, diarreah, and MAJOR weight loss. I had lost 10 - 15 pounds within a 3 month period. Now that iT has been almost a year in a half, I am STILL struggling to gain my weight back. The extreme weight loss now has caused joint issues that has prevented me from doing my daily routine activities. It didn 't do much for my plaque psoriasis either. I wouldn 't suggest this medication to anyone.
Previously on Bydueron, which worked really well! Unfortunately, my insurance stopped covering it. Tried Trulicity..made me sick. Started Tanzeum in April 2016, and my numbers have gotten worse, I 've gained 15 lbs and it 's making feel down. I will be asking my doctor to put me back on Bydureon and hopefully the insurance will cover.
I have had RSD for 20 years and was well controlled on 30mg Percocet and 30mg Methadone a day. The pain doctor wanted a change and now I am on the new Oxycontin 20mg twice a day.  I took my 20mg at 7 am.  It is now 8 hours later and I am at a level 7 pain.  From the last few days experience when I take 20mg at 7pm, it will last until midnight then I will be at a level 8 or 9 pain.  I have not slept in 3 days.  I was well controlled! Why couldn 't she leave it alone?
I have had 2 rounds (5 years each) with the Mirena and never had a problem. This round they used the Liletta IUD which was inserted on June 1st. It was supposed to be better. It is not. I have had my period for 37 days straight. They should advertise that it 's effective because you won 't have sex since you  will have your period EVERY SINGLE DAY. I have resorted to buying pads and tampons in bulk.  I 'm over it. Biggest mistake and wish I spoke up and insisted on the other brand. Stay away from this one. It 's not worth it. I gave it the one star because I will take part blame for not doing more research.
Rheumatologist put me on Cymbalta for fibromyalgia.  I started on the medication, 20 mg, I think.  I worked at a bank at the time and 1 week into taking it I was having anxiety attacks at work.  I had anxiety before this but not in social situations like this.  I stayed on it for another week or so but took myself off.  She also put me on amitriptine  for muscle relaxation at night.  First it knocked me the heck out, then within 2 wks I would wake up with bad cramps in my legs and such tension/contraction in all my muscles that I couldn 't sleep. Weaned myself off of that too. Told Dr what happened, she said it wasn 't the medicine causing the symptoms.  Right..  10 months later still have anxiety, voice is shaky, not working.
This works as birth control because you won 't ever have sex on it since you 'll bleed all month long and you 'll have no sex drive.
I was not diagnosed with Bipolar disorder when Cymbalta was prescribed to me.  While taking Cymbalta, I was more irritable and manic. If I were only depressed and not Bipolar, I think it would have been O.K.
Took clonidine for insomnia (only drug at the time). Proved completely ineffective and caused lightheadedness and dizziness.
Took this for three months but had to stop. Reasons I didn 't like it: My partner could feel it EVERY time we had sex. Stinging during and after sex. My boobs were always sore and heavy. Headaches. Bloated constantly. Itching. Depression. Anxiety. When the anxiety got so bad that I couldn 't sleep at night I took it out and felt much better within 2 days. Wish it would have worked for me because I don 't like taking a pill everyday.
I am a 30 year old female and was prescribed Bactrim for a bad ear infection.  One day later I had a rash all over my arms, neck and face.  I was given a new antibiotic in the ER. 
Well this little guy did his job he kept me from getting pregnant so that 's one pro....for the others I don 't any other pros. had my IUD taken out it but it broke. I have a arm lodged into my side which I am having surgery in a couple days to have it removed hopefully!  My periods were worse they lasted longer and not to mention the spotty period thru out the term I used this product!  It hurt going in it hurt coming out!  If I had to do over I wouldn 't have gotten this or at least this type.
I have never had any issues, until I was diagnosed with a very minor case diverticulitis and was prescribed this drug. It has been nine months and counting, and my life has changed. This drug cause severe stomach pain, numbing of the arms, and a trip to the ER. After two or three doses, I had to quit. The biggest outcome of this was gastritis, something I 've never had in my life. Nearly every night I wake up sick. I am on multiple drugs to combat this gastritis, but my condition is getting worse. As an active person (hiking, running, biking and such), this has hampered all of these activities. My sleep is very poor now. I have no idea what I can eat or not eat. I dare not drink alcohol and cannot eat after 6p lest I suffer all night.
Before taking Cipro I was a powerlifter after taking Cipro I was left unable to walk. MY tendon 's are torn and I don 't know if I will ever have my life back. I am currently in a wheel chair.
My son was prescribed this medication for the second time.  2 years ago along with amphetamines while in kindergarten and he became very aggressive to the point he hit me, he had terrible anger outbursts, and a LOT of issues at school.  But I was going through a divorce and 2 years later we decided to give it another chance in case it was more behavioral; however, after 2 weeks, I receive an email from his teacher about how his behavior changed dramatically for the worst. Again we stop.  This time we know he 's in a happy home environment and his behavior is much better so it became obvious it 's the medication.  Not for my son. He 's on vyvanse only now and we 'll see how that goes.
Not a fan after finding out the active ingredients are the same as the diabetic medication, liraglutide. After 1 week of injections, experienced extreme bloating.  Discontinued after 6 injections.
Serious allergy developed.
All the side effects
Have been on 300mg for over 6 months with 0 improvement, I 've actually gotten worse as things have progressed substantially for the worse. I can 't take lithium due to being naturally dehydrated all the time. I was told this drug was gonna change my life, it just wasted my damn time.
I have been on the implant nexplanon since June 2014. After a year and a couple months I am now going to get it removed. I loved it at first no periods, and mood swings were under control. Now I hate it. I 've had a period of constant bleeding for two months, my mood swings are horrible I feel so bad for my boyfriend. But I am going to get it removed next month.
It kept me alive, barely. I struggled with depression, rage, mood swings, suicidal ideation, chronic lethargy, constipation and body aches, etc. for 30 years! I switched to natural dessicated thyroid and life is worth living now.
Tried Cymbalta for pain and slight depression.  It helped for maybe 10 months.  Then began experiencing panic attacks, anxiety, mouth sores, racing heart at bedtime, insomnia, and increased pain and cramps in legs.  Took me about 3 months to figure out that the Cymbalta wasn 't working.  I tried increasing from 30 mg to 60 mg and that made it worse.  Have changed meds.  Made the change easily in one week, but I had already gone back to the 30 mg dose.  The anxiety, panic attacks, etc. have stopped.
Took this medication for eight weeks, had horrible side effects, loss of taste smell and metal taste. Headaches and stomach upset.
6 days of 2 pills a day and it ended me in hospital with extreme vomiting, nausea, swollen feet, dizziness , eventually a stomach ulcer was found, 5 Days in Hospital,lost 5 kgs over a week, now 51kgs. I would never recommend it to anyone.
This was the worst insomnia drug I have ever tried. It seemed to wake me every one to two hours in a semi-awake, paralytic state while still living the nightmare. I also have bad anxiety which it seems to make worse. I recently called my doctor and unloaded on them. Thank God I only took samples and will not be paying for the prescription.
I have been taking Bactrim for a total of 3 days. I have awful headaches,  the shakes, spiky fevers, tightness in my chest, and can barely keep my eyes open from exhaustion. I have 7 days left of treatment and I 'm not sure I 'm going to finish it. I feel worse with the medication than I did with the infection.Granted, it has reduced swelling and pain at infection site. So I guess it 's doing one thing right.
I 've been gradually increasing gabapentin dose and now, for a week 200mg three times a day with, unfortunately, not the slightest relief of pain in the legs and lower back.   Should I continue use, this is the second sciatica pain relief treatment I 've been on.   The doctors also said take paracetemol but, again, with no real relief.
So glad I read these. I 've gained 15 lbs in the past 6 months without a lifestyle change. Only difference was this BC. I thought I was crazy. I was getting super depressed about the weight. I workout daily and eat really well. Can 't wait to switch and feel normal again
I hate it I am been bleeding on it
I 've only taken one shot, it has been somewhat of a last ditch effort to provide some pain relief from endometriosis and polycystic ovaries.  The first month was great, no pain and very little spotting.  The second month has been horrible, I had a period for 2 1/2 weeks and the other 1 1/2 I had spotting along with horrible (at times) pain that even Lortab won 't fully control.  Doctor gave me estrogen to stop bleeding and that took a week.  As of now I am not taking another shot. I told my husband that I can feel this bad for free.  If this third month goes okay I may reconsider. I 've tried everything and its bad...looks like hysterectomy is next step.
This stuff is the spawn of Satan. I began using this to reduce minor sun spots and fine wrinkles. This stuff made the amazing skin I had into a housing unit for acne. It literally brings tears to my eyes the damage this has done. If it can be avoided, do not use. I would never recommend medication.... ever.
I am  an 86 year old female and have an essential tremor.  I had Deep brain stimulation (DBS) surgery in July 2008.  My battery isn 't working as well as it did in the beginning.  I have tried drug after drug to help the tremor.  I have been taking tab Primidone 1/2  of 50 mg twice a day for a week.  My vision is affected, my legs are like noodles, sooooooooooo, I am going to try 1/2 at night or maybe quit all together. I still drive taking care of business but with the vision problem I don 't drive.I took care of my husband with Alzheimer 's for 12 years 2003 to 2015, I have written two books documenting the progression of the disease.  I am active but the vision stops me from living my life, What should I do?
This my second DVT in 5yrs, I 'm only 26 and its from a genetic disorder. I took warfrain the first time around and er doctor gave me xareltro this time. I was thrilled due to no strict diet, constant finger pricks, etc. However from day 1 of xareltro I had horrible headaches that I could not get rid of. I took my dose with dinner and if we had a late dinner, after 7, I would get vivid dreams that left !e exhausted I 'm the morning. It caused two ocular migraines, which I have never had which scared m cause I though I was going blind!! I was also hallucinating at all times of the day. I 'm back on warfrian now all sideffects have stopped! Loved the promise of xareltro but belive it needs more testing!!
I 'd taken my first dose yesterday, within four hours I woke up to severe vomiting and diarrhoea. Both the pharmacist and my GP stated that the bad side effects should be gone within a week. I friggin hope so. About to take the second. I 'll post again in a week (if I can remember)
Have been taking for a few months now and have not lost ANY weight! Going to quit taking it. Waste of money.
Help! Can anybody who has had burning after using this horrible creme tell me how long does the burning last? Anyway how do you  stop the burning? I put it in once and have been burning for 24 hours... any way to stop the burn??
Really wanted this to work had allergic reaction to Cymbalta but it was helping fibro so tried Savella. Have been doing titration pack. Never got higher than 50 mg in 3 weeks but my neck has been stiff, headache, stomach pain, bloating, anxiety increased achy feeling like the flu. So I plan to stop it and see if things improve . Diagnosed with fibromyalgia 20 years ago and haven 't felt this bad in a long time. So disappointed.
My sex drive completely disappeared and it caused me as well as my husband much distress and depression. Two weeks after stopping the medication, my sex drive came back with a vengeance. So happy I decided to stop taking this pill.
Had constipation side effect. Effectiveness greatly diminishes after 1-2 months.
I have been on Alesse, Aviane and Sronyx and they were amazing. No acne, weight gain or mood swings.  I have been on for Orsythia for three months. The first month I noticed I felt strange and high anxiety with many mood swings. The second month I had all the same symptoms with a five pound weight gain. This month I got vertigo so bad I could barely stand and walk. It made me feel so dizzy and so irritated that I was snapping at everybody. I called my insurance carrier and beg them to put me on any thing but Orsythia and they are going to put me back on Aviane.  I 've been on the pill for over 12 years straight and I have never had a series of side effects like I did with this pill. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Do NOT take this PLEASE :( I 'm going to be totally honest and say I was only mildly constipated, and took 2 tabs, 1-3 being suggested dose. Have taken other laxatives before no problems at all. Oh my GOD. I took it around 9pm, with food, plenty of liquids, &amp; went to bed. Was awake at midnight, 3, 4, 6AM in absolute agony, cramps like I 've never felt, severe nausea. Also made me vomit, probably from the cramping / spasms. Yes it had the &quot;desired effect&quot; but no WAY was it worth that level of agony over the 12 hours. Please just see a doc and get something better.
Test positive Hep-C, genotype 1b in 1996, 41 years old. Three treatments of ribavirin and interferon, viro-load went down and returned. Forth treatment added incivek to the list. No viro-load at 30 days or at 48 weeks. Started feeling faint and pain in chest. Doctor said heart murmur, check past records and talked to doctors. No murmurs in history. At post 6 months viro-load 10,000. At post 4 years viro-load 65,900, I guess thats better than the millions it once was. Doctors say murmur is a lot worse. Waiting for ECHO results. 61 years old.
I took Phentermine and ended up with open heart surgery...I had success with the drug but eventually developed fluid around my heart which turned into a gel causing my heart liner to be glued to my heart and I couldn 't breath and it took 2 months for the doctors to find it because my EKG and oxygen levels were fine, I went to the emergency room and an MRI found it right away, they had to do open heart surgery and peel my heart liner off my heart. I was exercising and was the healthiest I had been in years, running 6 miles a day and riding my bike 20 miles and all of a sudden I just couldn 't breath and was so tired. Now 4 years later I can not run or do any aerobic type of exercise because I get to out of breath. STOP taking this drug!!!
I 'm so happy I found this because it makes so much sense now. I 've taken a couple different brand birth controls since I was 18. I am now 26 and started Estryalla this year when my insurance changed. I used to think I 'm just moodier (if that 's a word) cause for all sorts of reasons. However after reading these reviews I now know it could be from these pills. My boyfriend has been telling me all along its the pills but I didn 't believe him. I would definitely change from this current bc because it 's not what I expected. I also have break through bleeding with this and heavier/longer periods.
Doc switched me from ambien to lunesta after about 7 months stating that ambien is known to cause Parkinsons ' longterm.  It worked similarly at first, but because of its long half-life i was told not to take another when i woke up early morning , 1-3 pm.  This is  big problem because i cannot get back to sleep.    Both 5mg ambien and 3mg luniest give me 3-4 hours sleep.  With ambien, Id awake and take another 5mg and go right back to sleep.  Now i can 't do that anymore and seldom have any sleep quality after 2 pm.  Copper taste didn 't bother me at first, but now a month later,  i notice everything tastes different, even water....was hard to pinpoint, but finally realized it was a metallic taste that was permeating everything i ate. or drank
I have dysplasia in both hips at 34.  Need a PAO surgery on right hip and hip replacement on left, this has also caused sciatic problems from walking with a limp for so long. I have tried numerous pain medicines and although I did not have any noticeable side effects with the Zipsor, it did no more for me than taking 2 Aleves.  Maybe because my pain is bone related with the addition of torn cartilage and nerve problems? Glad that it works so well for some. Anything to get off of narcotic medicines and the crutches pre-op would be nice!  So, for me and my dysplasia Zipsor has not been the miracle I was hoping for.
I hate this pill. I originally switched to LoLo after I noticed that the generic for Notrel 1/35 (Dasetta) was giving me slight mood swings. I 've been on this pill for 3 months and I am switching back to Dasetta after this week since they do not make Notrel anymore. This pill has caused anxiety, major mood swings and even mild depression; I don 't feel like myself at all and have never suffered from depression/major mood swings before this pill. My husband has even said I 've been acting differently and not like myself. I think the biggest issue is that my body goes through the PMS symptoms the last week of the package, but my period never arrives and messes up my hormones. Hopefully going back to the Dasetta will be better
Terrible. I have used Vardenafil, Sildenafil, and Taladafil all without issue (Levitra, Viagra, Cialis). Then, because of cost, I tried switching to Stendra... I RARELY have side effects with medicine, but this stuff is terrible for me. I can be guaranteed to break out in a cold sweat, heart racing, and feel like I 'm about to die. I take so many medications it took me awhile to zone in on the problem - and sure enough, through painful trial and error . . . I learned. Stendra is terrbile for my body. Best luck to those who it works for, but for me - never again.
I 'm 19 and have quite bad acne on my lower face especially on my cheeks and I was prescribed duac 5% and have been using it for 3 weeks. I was really excited at the prospect of my skin improving as my self confidence drastically plummeted each time my acne worsened but as of yet this hasn 't happened. The gel dries out the skin massively and every moisturiser I have used has failed to help this. This has left me with no improvement to my skin but now I have the added bonus of dry flakey skin that makes it impossible to cover with foundation so now my dry skin is visible as is my severe acne. This hasn 't helped my skin or confidence and I 'm nearly at the end of my prescribed time of 5 weeks. My confidence is at an all time low due to my acne.
As I had only started 6 days ago I expected this to be a more easy going time, read all the labels, making sure everything was alright. Durring most if not all of those 6 days I became very dreary, tired, and deadlike not wanting to do anything. The pill slightly helped my acne, but did not prevent new acne from coming. Durring the pill I experienced weird heat and then ice like needle feelings around my ovaries, but that was only for thr first 2 days. As I proceeded with the pill when I sat or walked, not while I was laying down I would experience this sharp pain around my heart, I was thinking it could be high blood pressure I checked it isnt, im worried it might be a blood clot so I need go check for now I am going off the pill.
Stopping Trazodone ASAP and here 's why. Worked for me for about 4 or 5 months but when I needed a higher dosage of it (100-150 mgs), the REALLY BAD SIDE EFFECTS began. I 'm talking the worst hand TREMORS ever, to the point where I have trouble holding a pen and writing. I am writing this on my phone and can barely hold it steady. The mental/cognitive effects are worse, I mean seriously I thought I had a brain tumor or something along those lines!!! Extreme CONFUSION, SEVERE SHORT-TERM MEMORY LOSS, I 'm dizzy pretty much all the time and the lack of coordination is so bad that my driving suffered. The effects were never at night after I took it, always the next day. If you feel like you 're losing it, you aren 't. Just stop taking Trazodone.
This is NOT right, ladies!  Its been at least 3 years since I had a yeast infection.  I was prone to at least a couple of yeast infections every one to two years and I always used Monistat 3 or 7. This time I bought the same stuff I had always used and for the FIRST time I experienced the burning, itching and irritation that everyone else is experiencing.  I had never felt this before and I am calling them first thing in the morning.  There has to be something wrong.  It should not feel this bad.
Not so great for me. I have Crohn 's disease with several (and I mean several) bowel resections for bowel obstructions. This medicine was given because I have had a full left gut on cat scan without a bowel obstruction. I now have severe and very weird (if you can believe weirder than my usual weirdness) bowel movements with some bad bum pain. Oh the joys of Crohn 's!
Did not relieve excruciating lower back pain from my Degenerative disc disease
I was on Fetzima for a couple of months but my depression was still really bad. The doctor kept increasing my dose with no signs of improvement. Eventually, my blood pressure and pulse was so high that I had to come off.
I took this for a UTI and I had horrible side effects. I could not sleep, extremely dizzy and nauseated, constipated, and had bad indigestion. I lost my appetite and was vomiting acid.
This medication made me feel as though I could not breathe. I was up all night. I took it at 9 p.m. and went straight to bed. I began having the hot flush feeling and felt as I had pressure on my chest. I have been taking the 10 mg but wake up in 2-3 hours. This was a living nightmare taking the 12.5 CR. If you have any respiratory issues, do not take. 
My experience has been horrible, headache, constipation, severe heartburn to the point I could not eat for two days after having injection, extreme body aches for days, basically this drug put me in bed for the first two days after having injection today is 3rd day, I can finally eat and get up using a cane as the aches in my joints and muscles are so severe. My resting heart rate has also been above 100 since taking med. I cannot wait for this to be out of my system!
I used plan b 24 hours after unprotected sex. Didn 't work, took a pregnancy test 4 weeks later it was positive.
I 'm 33y/o, 5 '7&quot;, 150# male, blood chem all perfect but diagnosed with hypertension (genetics) since I was 28y/o. I exercise at least 4 times a week (light weights lifting and playing basketball, sometimes biking and tennis).  Have taken Losartan and Losartan HCTZ before this Benicar HCT.  6 days while on Benicar HCT 40/25mg:     Lowest BP reading 101/52.     Mild &quot;Lightheadedness&quot;.     Mild shortness of breath.     Muscle cramping - Experienced very severe muscle cramps from torso down to the legs after playing basketball that I ended up in the ER due to severe body cramps and hyperventilation.  It was the very 1st time that I experienced such terrible and frightening muscle cramps.     Some itchiness in the scalp.
I am on a 4 mg sample, but I have to stop because of side effect (dry mouth).
I got my first and only shot on September 27, 2016. until November I had little to no bleeding every now and then, but once November came  I started bleeding heavy, about three to four pads a day, cramps, nausea, and loss of sex drive. I expected all of those, but not to bleed for three months straight. It was so bad I went to the hospital and they first diagnosed me with pelvic inflammatory but realized I had no evidence of infection and that my fallopian tubes were swollen. They sent me home with meds and to this day I still haven 't stopped bleeding. I 've been off depo for a month and I 've never been in so much pain.
I 've had the Implant since April of 2013 and it 's  been terrible. I 've had 3   week long periods with maybe a 4-5 day break. Which had decreased my libido almost to nothing. I 've talked to my doctor numerous times about it and apparently it 's &quot;normal&quot; side effects. Upon choosing the implanon, I was told that my periods would most likely stop... what a bunch of lies. I can 't wait to get this thing out of my body!
I began this pill a little over a year ago and the only positive thing it did was prevent pregnancy. This pill gave my breakthrough bleeding and I consistently missed a period every other month even when I took the pill religiously. I began to realize that the pill has been the reason for my extremely bad acne (that began when I started this pill), depression, and mental fog that I always seem to be caught in. I do not recommend this pill because a lot of my friends who have tried it have experienced the same side effects. Please be careful with this pill.
My husband took this &quot;medicine&quot; for about  3 weeks before his stomach began. He started having chills and fever, sometimes as high as 104.5, every night. We thought he had the flu, so doctor gave him Tamiflu. After 6 days on Tamiflu, still no relief. He continued with fever, chills, and just feeling lousy for another 10 days before he ended up in emergency room. We started reading reviews of Limbrel on Google, and realized what was causing his symptoms. He will NEVER take this medicine again. His rheumatologist never mentioned this as a possible symptom, and the circular that came with this pseudo-drug did not mention it either. Beware, beware, beware!!! Seems it works for about 4 out of 5 people, but is devastating for 20% of people.
When I read the comments about Prozac I believe that most of the good ones are from people who are still on them or took them for a short period of time. The review should include the withdrawal.I was given Prozac 14 years ago for anxiety I was not depressed. It worked well for anxiety, I tried to come off them many times and suffered what I thought was a return of anxiety but was in reality withdrawal. Since coming off completely  2 years ago I have been destroyed mentally and physically. My cognition is very poor I have serious vision problems and dizziness and agitation and  I 'm in constant pain. my pharmacologist and neurologist are in agreement
I started taking Contrave Friday, Dec. 11, 2015. Today is the 15th. I took 4 pills a day, 2 in the am and 2 in the pm. Yesterday, I took 2 pills @ 4am, from there it was downhill. I was nausea ALL DAY, restless, and body sweats. I tried ginger ale, crackers, broth, and water to ease the pain. Around 8pm I vomited. Kool. I ate broth, drank water, and drank a glass of red wine. At 9pm, I vomited til 9:45pm to the point tears came streaming down my face. Finally around 12am I fell asleep. It 's 4 am and I 'm up writing this. After reading other comments like mine, I similar side effects. After this, I will pray for strength to CONTROL my own mind without med to loose weight! 
So I got this thing in June 2015 and the first month was completely normal. Before I got the insertion I would get my period maybe 3 times a year randomly and light too. after the first month, I got my period and it hasnt not stopped. it chills out for a bit but as soon as you have sex bam instant period again. it 's extremely frustrating. not the kind of birth control I thought. My hair has never shed more in my life, I 'm short tempered and emotional which isnt really normal for me. I have no sex drive either at all. so not only can I not have sex, I don 't really wanna do anything else. This little 1 inch pinch is satan and I recommend this to no one because you 'll turn into a bleeding crazy bitch for a couple months if you do.
My Endo insisted I switch from lantus to tresiba.  I was quite stable on lantus and humalog for over 15 years but she said it was better.  I 've been a diabetic for almost 30 years and so I was very hesitant to switch.  I should have listened to myself.  The first 3 weeks were okay but not better.  Then I started feeling breathless and fatigued.  It took me awhileâ€‹ to realize it was the tresiba.  I switched back to lantus a week ago and I am already feeling better.  No more breathlessness or fatigue.  My blood sugars were worse on tresiba so it will take a bit to straighten out my a1c.  I really should have listened to my gut.  Just because it 's new doesn 't mean it 's better.
This medication turned me into a zombie. I was so tired and unmotivated all the time. I decided I wanted off of this poison and had to taper so slow because I got bad withdrawls in the smallest dose changes. I even went down to 10mg by empting out half the capsule. When I went to zero I ended up in the emergency room with severe dehydration from the vomiting and diareah caused by the withdrawls and I was unable to care for myself or my daughter for about two weeks, I thought my body was giving up it 's will to live. I have quit dilaudid cold turkey with minimal discomfort so it 's not like I can 't handle discomfort but quitting geodon was terrible and from now on I will be doing more research on each medication I put in my body.
Went off of Trazadone and Ambien for a new drug by Merck called Belsomra with a 10mg per night starting point. I had the ABSOLUTE worst experience taking this pill and slept maybe 2-3 hours instead of the normal 7-8 on the old combination of meds. Initially I was able to fall asleep for about 1.5 hours but then could not return to sleep consistently after this. I Felt absolutely horrible and for the short sleep I was able to muster I had one of the worst nightmares I could ever remember! I do NOT recommend this medication and instead will return back to the old combination of Ambien and Trazadone which now continues to give me consistent sleep WITHOUT the horrible nightmares. AVOID BELSOMRA at ALL COSTS!
I should have looked over the reviews. Oh god why didn 't I look over the reviews. I bought the three day dose and have just started my first one. As soon as I inserted the medication it started to itch and burn. More itch than burn, unfortunately. I am currently sitting with my legs crossed as hard as possible while trying to lay in bed next to my husband who is laughing his ass off... This is terrible I would have rather kept the yeast infection
Took clonidine for insomnia (only drug at the time). Proved completely ineffective and caused lightheadedness and dizziness.
I 've had my implant for 3 years in April, it has prevented pregnancy but the side effects have been awful. I 've gained 5 stone in weight, I have had huge spots come up all over my body but mainly on my face and neck, I 've used every spot treatment out there including medications from my doctor, I 've had tender breasts most of the time and have no energy at all, I 've spent the last 3 years on diets and exercising and even using weight loss pills and the weight will not shift. To the lady that asked about pregnancy after the implant, it is possible to have a healthy pregnancy after its removal, I know 2 people that have had healthy children since, I hope you see this and it helps, I will not be having a replacement after my experience with it
Yaz totally dried me up and I had pain during intercourse even with lubrication.
Botox made my cervical dystonia 100 times worse, I 'm still in a lot of pain but wouldn 't go near it again, I tried acupuncture it worked straight away, I ended up with a punctured lung through this, I 'm with dystonia society and many people say it helps them, so im just unfortunate, still looking for pain relief but looks grim, as I 've tried loads of drugs and things like yoga, shiatsu and massage
One year using this crap. I 'm a little overweight and it takes 4 or 5 attempts to finish the injection. Tonight it took six and then I hurled it across the room. The  oversized, painful needle clogs with fat and stops up. NO MORE!
Honestly I never write reviews but I have been on this birth control for 3 months and I just requested to switch.My first period was pretty bad and my second was so light I was worried it didn 't even count as a period. My inconsistent periods are not what bugged me though. My mood swings have been insane and everyone pointed it out to me after I have been saying I feel depressed spent a lot of time sleeping and in my room. I 'm usually a positive person with a positive outlook on situations but I have felt myself become more negative and miserable. I have been on other birth controls before and have had no problems. I fully believe different birth controls affect people different ways so it may work for you! This has just been my expierience
I am up to 400 mg Gabapentin, it is effective for my restless legs but my doctor wants to increase it to see if it will help my severe low back and sciatica pain.  My right leg is dragging right now so there is a lot of inflammation involved.My side effects are severe dry mouth which is bad as I already have dental problems.  I also am dizzy to the point of falling, which re injures my back and sleep anywhere, including on the toilet if I get up to use it at night.  I want off this pill because I also have a nasty headache.
I got this after I had my wisdom tooth extracted. I was still in pain after taking it. It didn 't do much.
I 'm a 26 yrs old who took yaz for only 3 months. At first, it seemed to work just fine.. no side effects and it even helped improving my pms. Shockingly, i got massive iliofemoral deep venous thrombosis after only 3 months!!!! Now i have completely clogged major veins in one limb and bed ridden at the age of 26, bearing in mind that i 'm a healthy fit person without any underlying cause of thrombosis. I wouldn 't recommend this drug to anybody.
This was my 4th colonoscopy. For the first three I used Suprep. Not the most pleasant thing I have ever tasted but sure did the trick. For my colonoscopy today my surgeon recommended Prepopik. Followed the instructions to the T. Drank the first 5 ounces at 6:00 p.m. and the second dose at 5:00 a.m. as instructed. Procedure was at 10:00 a.m. Used the bathroom at the Center where my test was being done. BM was liquid but dark brown. Seemed unusual to me. Told my anesthesiologist and my surgeon and they assured me I would be fine. 30 minutes later I was awake and was told they couldn 't perform the test because my colon was &quot;too dirty&quot;. I wasn 't shocked. What a waste of my time and theirs. Need to go back in a few weeks. Do NOT use Prepopik!
I 've been dx with Fibromyalgia. NSAIDs are not recommended as first line of pain relief. I 'm on an SSRI, a migraine RX, sleeping aids, anti anxiety, a muscle relaxer. Slowly but surely my Dr has been increasing my dose. I am currently at max dose per my Dr, 2-50mg tablets 4 times a day. I can 't say that it helps. Out of all my meds, I don 't think any of it really helps. :-(
The pain went away for about 2 weeks and then the pain came back strong. I think the Synvisc one doesn 't do what they say it does. There needs to be another form of injection without having to go to the doctor 5 weeks in a row that will last a true six months this Synvisc one shot was not worth the money that they charge the health insurance and myself
My Dr prescribed 10mg Amitriptyline/day for chronic migraines (daily with no apparent cause) and I managed to last 5 days on the meds.I had horrible dizziness, was lightheaded whenever I stood up, had the weirdest dreams (to the point where I did not want to go to sleep and face whatever dream/nightmare that was waiting for me) and on the last night I took them I had such terrible stomach pain that it woke me up and my mother almost took me to the ER because I nearly blacked out from the pain when I got up to go to the washroom.The meds also didn 't actually help with my migraine situation. Based off of my reactions to other medications, I would say that I 'm particularly prone to side effects so they may/may not happen to you.
In 2015 Aug my Doctor prescribe me Augmentin 625,  for 10 days.  After completing this course my strep throat problem was gone but I haven 't been able to  sleep for several months, sweating, feel like body is shaking and nightmare. Next 6-month acid reflux with too much burping with lots of air comes out and stomach cramps and problems with throat and colon and time to time ear pain.  I started treatment like GARD, IBS. but my health becomes poor, even my immunity power goes down.  In next 6 months, I stop all drugs and start taking healthy diet and regular exercise, I feel better and better.
Within hours of taking TAMIFLU I was hospitalized because I could not breathe from throwing up so much, my nose was stopped up from the flu and throwing up blocked my air way. Honestly paying this much money for a medication that made my life worse was not worth it. I would never recommend this medication to anyone. Yes the flu is terrible but with this it was worse. At one point while vommiting my eyes were so glazed over and I almost passed out because I was so weak. My husband was terrified for me and I honestly felt like I was having an out of body expietence. WORSE MISTAKE EVER.
Horrible product, barely works. Been sneezing with a runny nose all day.
I&rsquo;m 18 and I&rsquo;ve been on this shot for almost a year now and I&rsquo;m not sure if I&rsquo;m going to do it anymore.  My doctor put me on it because of my heavy periods but the past couple months have been really bad in October I had my period for 2 weeks and now I&rsquo;ve had 2 periods in the past 4 weeks.  It&rsquo;s made me gain about 20 pounds and being in uni makes that very hard because you start to feel overweight.  It has messed with my depression sometimes cancelling out my pills.  I don&rsquo;t recommend it to people my age I think I was put on it to young
It did not work for me, it made me sleep worse.
Okay so I was having some symptoms of a yeast infection, but there was barely ANY itching/burning sensation at all. When I took the medicine at first it felt like nothing. But like 45 seconds later, I felt a horrible burning feeling inside my fucking vagina. I started crying because I thought my vagina was going to die from an allergic reaction. DON 'T get this product. I took the 3 day treatment western family brand, and it was hell on earth. I suggest you get a different medication for your yeast infection.
Since April my period has been one week on then the next week off , then so on. And now I 've been bleeding for 23 days straight. This is terrible.
Been on Humira for 6 months, had 14 injections. It hasn 't helped my UC symptoms at all. The injections burned really bad for several hours. Then the skin around the injection site  become red, raised, and very warm to the touch. The patch became bigger and bigger after each injection.   I have been more tired than I 've ever been before, and barely have any energy to do anything but go to work.  Over the few months, I 've had a few incidents of cold-like symptoms; fever, sweating, chills, that lasted sometimes more than two days.As for my UC symptoms, there 's been no change, and they possibly even got worse. On a typical day, I have 10-15 bathroom trips. On a bad day, 20 .
I was prescribed Stendra by my urologist.  I am 66 yr now, and never had erectile dysfunction problems until now.  I 've been taking Stendra for the past two weeks and it has really not helped at all.  All I 've had is a mild headache.  I am sad, because of all the pills for erectile dysfunction, I had my highest hopes on this one, but it really didn 't work for me.  In fact, their own literature says it works on 3 out of 4 men.  I am so sad to know that I am that other one.
Worst mistake of my life. I found out after a year of terrifyingly heavy periods that lasted all but 5 days a month and cramps that made me an invalid regularly that this iud contains copper plated nickel. DO NOT USE THIS IUD if you have ANY sort of sensitivity to nickel! You will wish you could die and you will feel sick 100% of the time.I toughed it out for a long time with paragard to see if it would get better. It didn 't. Don 't wait if a bc disagrees with you...you might lose a year of being functional and happy because of a bc that ruins your physical and/or mental health like this one did for me.
Relieves the indigestion &amp; esophagus contractions, Side effects are disastrous!. And this is with me taking it only twice a week!1. Irregular heart beat2. Stiff painful knees 3. Extremely sore, tender feet 4. Hair loss5. Blurred vision/ dry eyes6. Insomnia7. Swollen legs and feetPodiatrist was alarmed at my swollen feet &amp; ankles. He immediately recommended tests/MRI to find out why. Heart/vein problems were suspected. Conclusion- arthritis.Nope- I discontinued Zegerid and ALL of the above problems are gone, most within 10 days. Baking soda is also a culprit.Solution for GERD? small meals w/out grease or cooked tomatoes(for me). Small adjustment for so much relief!I FEEL SO MUCH BETTER! I now RESEARCH ALL MEDS!
Lord! This was like a death experience for me. I am scarred for life. I have been feeling sick for about 4 days in which I acquired sore throat, earache, stiff neck, super swollen lymph nodes, fever and the worst headache ever. After initial test that ruled out negative for meningitis, mono and strep throat they decided to give me a cocktail of reglan and benadryl through my iv. Within seconds I felt a burning sensation as well as sleepy..so I thought I would be okay. Boy! Was I wrong. My heart was racing 150bpm I lost my voice was super jittery and felt like I was going to die. The nurse told me to relax she looked worried. I wanted to pull my IV off I told her get it off and she insisted that she will give me Toradol to help calm me. :(
My first shot was 17 years ago I remember being told by many people it made me crazy! I was also an active addict. I took dp off and on for a couple years it took me 17 years to finally get pregnant also I had only been sober for 6 months out of that 17 years in which I conceived after 6 months of being sober. It had been over 10 years since taking the shot which I try to blame too. I now have two babies and tried the shot again for about 9 months now. I would much rather have another baby than what it does to my mind and body. It 's not good for me!!!! Will be glad when it 's totally out of my system has only been 2 months since I was suppose to have gotten a shot I feel allot better just knowing I don 't have to take it and I can get better
This pill absolutely ruined my complexion and muscle tone. It triggered severe melasma in my face and aggressive cellulite  on the top of my thighs that I have spent thousands of dollars trying to get under control.  I have brown patches all over my forehead, nose and upper lip. It never goes away, the best you can hope is to get it under control. I will have to stay out of the sun for the rest of my life - and I was only 35 at the onset of this. In regards to the cellulite - I eat clean, I exercise daily and am extremely active. My physician agrees both of these side effects are directly related to this pill.  Unless you are willing to risk getting two extremely unattractive and incurable conditions STAY AWAY!
This medication was horrible.  The taste was really bad.  I would not recommend it at all. I threw up several times while drinking this.  But I am not good with liquid preps so that may be why.  I even tried mixing it with 7-up.  This has a horrible disgusting taste to it.
NEVER AGAIN . I inserted the meds at 3 a.m thinking that I would get relief of the itching and burning from the YI , heck NO a hour later the burning and itching got ten 's time worse . It was horrible . Up all night
Been on depo for about two years I think, maybe two and a half? At first it was fine. It stopped my periods almost completely, with occasional spotting around the time my periods should be. But since my last injection I 've gained 10 pounds, developed terrible acne, and over the past two months have bled every single day. Sometimes a little, sometimes enough to soak through a tampon in an hour. I normally gain 2-5 pounds on other forms of birth control but with the added 10 in the past few months, I 've gained a total of 15 pounds since starting depo. That 's crazy. I 've always had really clear skin but noticed a significant decline when I first started depo, and in the past two months my skin has just gone crazy, it looks terrible.
Used once and the product burned my eyes . Then made the mistake of not throwing it away and used again in one eye and only that eye has been watering for more than 12 hours and irritated. Now the skin around the eye is sore. I 'm trying not to touch it but it 's drying out my skin.
I 'd give it a zero if I could. They switched me to this brand this month and it has been the worst experience ever. I cannot stop crying, I lost my appetite, back pains, suicidal, worst pill ever given to me. DO NOT TAKE THIS.
This caused dizziness, diarrhea, low blood pressure, nausea, and eventually liver failure for my parent, after less than one month of use. Research this before you start taking this drug.
I started on Topiramate originally due to headaches and as a extra incentive, help with my eating/ weight loss.  The product helped with both but I was left always forgetting stuff, feeling out of focus all the time, and had a constant tingle (like when you move your foot when its been asleep for a loooong time) in my hands and feet.  I 've thought about giving it another go due to my weight gain but just don 't feel its worth those side effects because it interfered in my every day function and work.
I had a total knee replacement three weeks ago and Versed was used as an amnesia drug while they prepped me, etc. I barely remember anything for the next two and a half days, had short dreams, one in which I was painting and when I woke up, my hand was up and moving like I had a paint brush. I don 't remember eating a thing in the hospital, to this day. My friends who visited told me I had chicken, etc., When my Mum and friend came to visit, we were watching television and I asked her who did she find to hang her big screen tv on the wall. She didn 't, we were in the hospital. I called my best friend at 3am to ask her if she could come and get me at a friends house, I was in the hospital.  I 'll never have this drug used on me again, ever
Please listen to me when I say that &quot;never start this medication&quot;!!!!! I was reluctant to try this only because a friend of mine talked to me about the withdraws. I (at the time) didn 't have any plans on coming off of it so I thought....what the hay. I was going through a difficult time in my life and needed something to help my anxiety and depression that came from hurting those around me from my anxiety. This medication changed me. I didn 't see it at the time. It made me completely numb to everything around me. Yes I could cry but did I really &quot;feel&quot; hurt? It caused me to leave a very amazing job that I was only at for 6 months...kinda one of those lifetime opportunities that I could kick myself for screwing up. Awful medication!!!!!!!
I was diagnosed as bipolar type II and my nurse practitioner in WA prescribed me abilify and I gained 30lb within a month of taking it. I blew up like a balloon and he said he doesn 't have that side effect. I looked online and it says that it clearly does. He said to take it a few more weeks and see how I did. I gained ten more pounds and my mother insisted I stop taking it. I went from 148 to 188lb. It may have started helped with my symptoms but I was to concerned about my weight gain so he finally put me on Topamax.
This did nothing to relieve my opioid induced constipation, but I kept taking it for 2 weeks. It made me sick. I had all the awful symptoms of opiate withdrawal and had to take extra medication for pain. It 's been 2 weeks since I stopped taking Movantik and I still feel terrible.
This is the worst birth control I have ever used. I have been taking it for two weeks now and I have literally gone crazy. I 'm not myself at all. It has made me insanely emotional, I cry all the time not to mention I 'm very very depressed and have thoughts of suicide. I am also very irritable and find myself snapping at people for no reason. I would never recommend this pill to anyone.
I took this for 5 years at 90mg. I eventually had to go off this medication because the side effects were intolerable.  I had night terrors every night, severe night sweats, teeth grinding and insomnia.  The thing that finally did it for me was the migraines that were caused by my shoulder and neck tension on this medication.  In short, it made me feel extremely anxious and stressed out.  Also, withdrawal is very tough.  I have been off this medicine for 3 weeks and still have severe nausea, anxiety, night sweats and night terrors.
I have suffered extreme muscular stiffness and weakness in my back, shoulders and legs since taking this vaccine.  I have also developed  chronic upper respiratory infection.   This vaccine should be taken off the market.
I experienced no relief of allergy symptoms with this medication.
In the beginning, the med helped w/ not wanting to eat sweets.  It felt like everything I ate was sooo sweet.  Even when I drank plain water.  It was actually gross.  Gradually I got really bad tremors.  People were noticing it and it only got worse and was painful.  No thank you!  It took a couple weeks for me to be off the drug to lose the tremors.
I have been taking Dilantin for a few months now for both Petit-mal and Grand-mal seizures. I have experience all of the side effects from the medication. My lymph nodes are swollen and very painful. It is making it difficult to talk. my whole face and neck are swollen as well. I have had painful headaches since two weeks after I started taking the medication. I have also had a fever for the past month around 99 degrees to 100 degrees. This medication works for other members of my family, but it does not work for me.
This was the worst birth control I ever tried. Only after 6 weeks of having it I started to lose hair and had two bald spots and I instantly gained 10 pounds! I also had a constant pelvic and lower back pains. I knew something was wrong when my clothes didn 't fit yet I had been working out 5 days a week. The day I had it inserted I had actually lost 30 pounds since I had my son 3 months prior and then this IUD set me back! ParaGard appears to be a good choice for many women that do no want to take hormones. However the copper actually does affect your hormones and it can also have serious life threatening side effects as well. I ended up removing it
I had my first baby at 30 weeks. When I got pregnant the second time, my doctor recommended the Makena shots that I took weekly for about three months. Yet, I still gave birth at 30 weeks as my first pregnancy. It did not work for me . The shots were painful and so expensive, Prime Specialty Pharmacy was billing the insurance company about $3500 for each 4 shots &quot; shipment they call it&quot;. I personally would not recommend it. Had I known what I know now, I would have left it in god 's hand.
on insulin and bydueron 2 mg been on it 8 months been ok but last month severe vomiting diarrhea.  I don 't eat for 2-4 days at all now smell of food gives me projectile vomiting.  I stopped today
This shit is AWFUL. I just finished the second round and am drinking water...@ 3:30am. Horrible taste with cherry flavoring full of aspartame, although that 's not listed on the box. This feels like cruel and unusual punishment. I saw a commercial for Cologuard. They analyze your DNA in your colon from a small fecal sample you fed ex back to them. I 'm definitely going that route in 10 years. This is so barbaric. Feeling so nauseated right now waiting for the bathroom explosion. I went on a low residue diet for 7 days which I think helped a lot plus clear diet all day yesterday. Starving but I 'm so sick to my stomach doesn 't matter. Looking forward to this being OVER.
It should be ILLEGAL to prescribe this drug. I have tried most antidepressents and never have i experienced such atrocious side effects from withdrawing.I have never written a review on anything but i was compelled to share the experience.again, it should be illegal to prescribe effexor xl.
I only used Levaquin for 7 days.  I had tendon pain and the UTI was some better but not gone.
I take 25 mg and it does not work. My Dr has prescribed it for 2 months now and I have told her that it don 't work.I would rather have the xanax back.
Day 1 - serious pain and diminished hearing in my right ear. Went to get it checked out to find out I had an ear infection. Was given ibuprofen. The pain went away which made me happy, but the diminished hearing still there. Was prescribed Amox-Clav 875 mg. Later on this day I had some food. Another 30 - 35 minutes later (by this time it was 8:48pm) I took a few sips of water then took this pill. Was constantly drinking water up until I went to bed (around 11pm). Day 2 - Need to take the pill at 8:48am (which would mark 12 hours). It 's 7am, woke up to use the restroom and saw what I think is blood in my urine, it 's red. A side effect that 's supposed to be rare. Not taking this thing anymore. Wasted money. Why I prefer natural, leafy foods
This is a very harsh drug%u2026 That I do not wish to ever take again%u2026 And I cautioned anyone that takes this drug ..  It made me dizzy%u2026 Very tired%u2026 I took for a whole month three times a week%u2026 My doctor says the symptoms should go away%u2026 But I still feel tired and do not have the energy that I did before I took it ..  I also have severe bloating and gas..  It has been weeks and the symptoms have not gone away%u2026 I 'm getting very worried that it cost me damage to my liver%u2026 Again I will say I do not think the drug  should be on the market%u2026 I regret ever taking it%u2026 Took it for scalp eczema%u2026 Because I am going to menopause%u2026 Believe me the scalp eczema is nothing compared to the side effects%u2026 Caution everyone to do not take this drug!
I 've recently titrated up to full dose and am a bit disappointed as I 've had no effects at all - no side effects fortunately, but no improvement either. I wonder if I need to give it longer.
Worst ever!  I am 39 years old and this is the worst birth  control I have ever had.  I feel sick on this stuff.  Do not take it!
I took it for 5 days 30mg and have never felt so sick. The first day I was crippled with diarrhea and a headache which continued to the following day. I then got a tightness in my throats and couldn 't stop yawning. I stopped eating due to the nausea.The headache didn 't go away and by day 3 was joined by an earache and sweating. Yesterday was the worst. All of I sudden my vision became blurry and I couldn 't talk properly. It was terrifying. Like my brain stopped working. I couldn 't drive and was so dizzy I kept falling over. I stopped immediately and now have to wait 3 days for it to leave my system. I still feel horrendous and I still can 't see properly.
I was taking Yaz and it worked amazing for me but about 2 months ago I was put on Beyaz and have had a yeast infection both months. I have not had sex in over 6 months, this is the only possible explanation for my yeast infections.
It caused unbalance &amp; I went unconscious
Horrible drug ! I had a migraine for the full three course time I was suppose to take it. I tried ibuprofen 800mg and that didn 't seem to help enough  . I kept having to take another to kill the pain. Seriously yeah it may get rid of your infection but avoid this drug. Also, I ate bread with a yogurt  and my stomach still burned like hell. It felt like there was a ulcer or something . Never taking this again!!!!!!!!!
Effexor worsened my depression. Made me feel exhausted all the time and impossible to be able to wake up in the mornings. I was unable to concentrate. My mood worsened and my motivation to do anything lessened. My depression got worse every time they increased my dose.
This medication did not relieve my back pain. It kept me up all night with insomnia.
So my doctor prescribed me this birth control to help with my periods. It hasn 't been a full month yet. But its had a lot of bad side effects. I 'm not myself lately. I find everything getting on my last nerve. One minute I wanna rip someone 's head off the next I 'm bawling like a baby. And the next I 'm laughing. Then its right back to being angry again. And the cycle continues. This is so NOT me!! Not to mention my husband just told me its been a whole week since I 've wanted to have sex. I didn 't even realize it at all. I 've got no sex drive at all. Not to mention I 'm going on two weeks of having a period. My periods usually last 4-5 days. My husband has told me to stop taking the pills. I think I will. I don 't like who I am on them.
Zyrtec worked well for my nasal allergies, but when I tried to stop taking it after several years, I got the skin itch/rash that many have reported.  It was worst for the first few days, but now even a year later I still frequently get a skin rash when I get warm (cholinergic urticaria).  I can 't say for sure that the cholinergic urticaria was a side effect of stopping Zyrtec, but skin rashes were never a symptom of mine until I stopped.
Nuvigil was not for me. I felt very drugged and groggy.  Dry mouth and eyes. I also found myself staring into space a lot and my skin was tingly. I felt way more tired than I did before I took Nuvigil. I didn 't dare drive while taking this medication. I switched back to Concerta at a higher dose than I was taking before and it is working very well for me.  I feel completely normal.
This product was used by my dentist in the office.  Immediately, the excessive amount of gel started running down the back of my throat. I was nauseated, vomited later, my throat was numb, I had profuse increase in saliva, coughing, then wheezing and began to break out in hives. I found a 25 mg Benadryl, took it, drank several cups of water and eventually the symptoms improved.
My experience with Oysthia is horrible! I have only been on this medication for two weeks and I 'm giving up. I keep having mood swings. I was angry at my mom and fianc&eacute; for no reason. I threw my cellphone at my fianc&eacute;. Lately the anxiety attacks are just killing me. I already have anxiety but this medication makes it so much worse. I literally have at least four anxiety attacks daily. I take my anxiety medication and it still doesn 't help which usually it does. Last night I had an anxiety attack so bad two hours after taking the pill and I couldn 't even rest. I 'm not taking this anymore! Also I been eating like crazy. I had fast food then came home and cooked pizza.
26 yrs DX of  IBS-D, Collagenous Colitis, Chrohn 's,  total colectomy w/Jpouch.  I have tried every Rx known &amp; nothing could stop the 20  BM 's, incontinence, nausea, GI cramping, and  rectal spasms (from surgery) I found Viberzi read pt reviews, Allergan Pharm documentation  I was on 100mg x2 daily. Similar symptoms the first few days by the 3rd day, major decrease in stool frequency and gut motility. Then towards my 29th day  it abruptly quit working, I became severely ill nausea, vomiting,headache. GI had me stop taking Viberzi  vomiting &amp; D in bed a week. GI did blood work and Lipase levels at 124, next week Creatine 1.2 Lipase 200, still very ill &amp; no answers my headache off of it for 26 days. FDA fast-tracked this be careful!
Bleeding basically every day (heavy and light), light headed, heart palpitations, bad ache
This is the WORST birth control. Ever. Granted I don 't get a period. My breasts are so sore I don 't even know what to do. I 'm a stomach sleeper and that is not an option with this. It 's unreal. I will be back to my loestrin and never even looking at this stuff again.
This birth control is insane. No, I have not gotten pregnant, but after visiting my local Planned Parenthood, they had told me they stopped carrying  Apri my original birth control. I was on Apri for about 2 years and it was amazing. But I didn 't have a choice besides to switch since my lack of health insurance. So, the first three months, totally fine. Yeah, a little moody here and there, but nothing out of the usual. By the time the fourth month rolled around, I have gained almost 15 lbs, have the worst mood swings and cramps around my ovulation time, spot every week, and my period just keeps getting longer and longer. Before it was like clock work, down to the very hour, 11 months out of the 12. I have one month left to go then switching
I was prescribed Levaquin for acute bacterial sinusitis after going to my GP for a congested nose, sinus pressure and bad headaches and fatigue which lasted 7 days. He said this should clear it right up...After reading all the warning I was hesitant with my pharmacist but they assured me it 's a normal antibiotic, nothing too strong as since I 'm allergic to penicilin it 's a great alternative. The horror began immediately on day one, the skin on my left arm shoulder area began to burn so badly, and my arm started to get numb, even my pinky finger I couldn 't move. I obviously freaked out and called the doc, he said I 'm having an allergic reaction to it, not to worry it won 't cause any nerve damage. Switched to Zithromax, much better &amp; safer :(
I will say that the shorter and lighter periods were great; and with my insurance, it was $45 for a 3-month supply.  However, since I started taking it two months ago, I 've gained almost 10lbs, have been nauseous, dizzy, feverish, cranky and have had breast tenderness and insomnia.  Two months of feeling pregnant and sick and I called my doctor to put me on something else. Glad it worked for others... wish it had worked for me too.
Did not help depression and caused involuntary facial expressions even after stopping. Permanent... raised sugar diabetic???
This medication was not helpful for my depression at all.
took lunesta for 3 weeks, horrible side effects:  increased crazy amounts of  anxiety, insomnia, wierd feelings in my stomach, thought  'I was going off the rails.  
By the afternoon of the first day I started Fetzima, my lymph nodes were swollen and tender to touch.  It feels like it just keeps getting worse.  I 'm now on my 3rd day and have pressure in my face and ear.  I thought it was a cold, but after reading some of the posts, I think it may be related to the Fetzima because I have no other &quot;cold&quot; symptoms.  So, I figured I would share my experience so far it case someone else has experienced the same thing.
Severe muscle cramps, after almost one year on 10 mg/day Crestor, for familial hypercholesterolemia of 6. Not overweight, exercise and eat well. Stopped Crestor and resolved within 1 week. 2 months later, liver tests normal but cholesterol borderline high restarted with 5 mg  every other day along with co enzyme Q 100 mg/day and had taken 2 weeks of Coenzyme Q to build up stores prior to this. Severe cramps resumed within 1 week.
Causes impotence and erectile dysfunction. Stay away if those are things you don 't want to deal with.
I was on Gianvi for about five years with minimal issues until I developed bilateral pulmonary embolisms (blood clots in my lungs).  The only thing that the doctors could find as to why I developed the blood clots was my birth control pill (Gianvi).  After doing some research after the fact, I discovered that the hormone used in Gianvi, drospirenone, makes you more likely to develop blood clots as compared to other birth control pills that do no have drospirenone.  I would have not taken this pill had I known that I had a higher chance of developing potentially deadly blood clots.
Was on Coumadin for 4 years.  Walked away due to headaches daily.  Got another clot.  It may have been worth the couple months of no headaches, no fussy head, no feeling stupid, loosing my sight (which is old age, but still the timing), but the anxiety of knowing my body will clot along with a new clot put me back on Coumadin.  Finally got the news about Xarelto.  Life changing to say the least.  No way to reverse dose, I take the risk for a better life.  Besides the half life is only 5 to 9 hours for under 45 yr old and 11 to 13 hours for older.  Take it with dinner and you are sleeping that whole time.
After using for 8 months, I developed an itching rash.  I could not stop itching and the rash got red and covered my torso, arms and legs.
I had Kyleena inserted yesterday and I can honestly say that I have never been through anything more painful in my entire life. I have been on the depo shot for a year now so I have not had my period for over a year, meaning my cervix was almost sealed shut. When the IUD was placed, it was moderately uncomfortable with severe pain every few seconds but the worst was yet to come. I was not informed to pre medicate with pain reliever before hand so I felt the brute force of the pain. I had to lay down with a heating pad for 15 minutes before I could even get dressed. Although the doctor said that it wasn 't necessary to have someone drive you home, I highly recommend it. I passed out 5 times on the way home from the pain. Pray for my cervix.
It 's been four months since I got Kyleena, and it 's been a rough four months. I got spotting almost every day, and I 'm still on ubiprofen because of the cramps. It 's getting a little less each month but it seems like I 'm on my period the whole time. Hope it gets better, I 'll give it two more months and if it 's still as if I 'm constantly on my period I 'll get it removed.
My first depo shot was in feb and it was fine, I got my second shot and I was period free for about a week. That was when the constant period started. I got a third shot thinking I need to ride this out but my period hasnt stopped since the second shot that was over 4 months ago. I got the shot originally so I didnt have to deal with a period because I have PCOS that makes me sick, have heavy periods, ache and have cramps that feel like I was punched in the stomach. I wanted to get away from all that but now I regret getting the shot I take more time off uni and work because I get all the symptoms of my PCOS regularly. I regret agreeing to start depo and will never go on it again.
What a scam --received the same results from desinex --whoever is selling this drug at the price ---my insurance co paid 649. Oo of which I paid 40. 00 --pretty disgusting if you ask me someone should be held accountable
This shot has temporarily ruined my life. I am close to my 3 month mark of this shot, which means another dose. I am strongly considering not getting another.  I am currently typing this at 4am because I woke up after bleeding through my pad. Not fun. I 've been bleeding/spotting for over half of the 3 months. I am always bloated, tired, and emotional.  Sex drive gone, not to mention the constant inserting and deserting of tampons dozens of times a day. The only thing i ever see is blood. I 'm constantly tired,  i dont have the drive to do anything. This shot has consumed my life.
My doctor prescribed me Duloxetine 30mg for depression/anxiety and I really wanted to like it, but I just can 't. I took this drug for just 2 days and after that, I had to stop (starting today). After taking this horrible drug, my eyes has become sensitive to light, feels badly strained. I also get blurry vision sometimes, but worst of all, I woke up this morning with dry blood in my right eye. It wasn 't a lot, but it was enough to force me to quit this drug. I regret ever taking this drug. I 've had healthy eyes my entire life and I 'm really hoping these symptoms go away soon. I will never touch this drug again and I would never recommend it to anyone. I refuse to take any drug that messes with your eyes.
Used this product before reading the reviews....used the 7 day cream and I 'm currently sitting in an ice cold bath trying not to rip my vagina off my body. THIS BURNS I DO NOT RECOMMEND
My doc prescribed me 20mg of hysingla and this has to be the most useless drug I 've ever been prescribed. I have extreme spinal stenosis and this pain med not only was hard to get but it was super expensive as well. Like $200! My insurance wouldn 't touch this drug! I experienced no pain relief with this drug and I took it for 2 months. I finally put my foot down and told the doc this med just does 'nt work and to quit playing around giving me these useless medications and to give me something that works.  I 'm now on 10mg of percocet and it helps me get through the work day. Heck of a lot better than useless Hysingla.
I was just diagnosed with Fibromyalgia, was beginning to feel like I am losing my mind. I am 29 yrs old and some days can barely walk I hurt so bad. I have been on Elavil for headaches 10 mg is all I can handle as it knocks me out. It helps to prevent the headaches but I hurt so bad still. Thankful to be rid of headaches but wish the doctor would help!
I got on the pill to get rid of my acne and regulate my period. I have been on it almost a month and I 'm quitting it now. My acne is the worst its ever been, I never really get a lot of acne around my mouth and on my chin. The first week was great. My skin was soft and my acne cleared up a little.Toward the end of the second week my acne had doubled and was horrible! I also get cramps all the time and I hardly got cramps when I wasn 't on the pill. I have also got a bladder infection on the third week. For 3 days I would throw up everything I ate or drank. I cramped right under my right ribs, by my belly button, and where I cramp when I have my period. This pill isnt working for me
My son was put on thorazine 3 months ago and he says the only thing it does for him is help him sleep better. He has a very flat affect, is zombie-like, and has changed his whole personality. I am not comfortable with him taking this and his clinician is looking to change it.
Horrible experience with Prozac! Started taking it on  a Thursday, and by Saturday had a buzzing in my ears, a full feeling in my head, and couldn 't sleep. On Sunday, I completely lost my appetite, and became very jittery. I was barely able to work on Monday, and called off Tuesday because of generalized anxiety, not sleeping or eating.  I ended up taking three total days off of work due to side effects.  I literally had to force myself to eat a single slice of toast for breakfast... and barely got it down! I finally went off of it on Wednesday and went back on paxil.  By Friday, I am feeling like my old self again.  Plus, I had startling dreams.  I won 't ever take this drug again!
Severe stomach pain. After 3 days had to stop the medication.
I was on Loestrin/ LoMedia for close to 10 years, never had an issue, never had bad periods with it (my periods before BC were debilitating, I would always get sick and have heavy long periods with death cramps). I had to switch to Aubra because my hospital kept getting back ordered months on Loestrin. Aubra is supposed to be of similar formulation, the progesterone component is a different chemical than I 'm used to though, despite it being the same micrograms. I 'm on week 3 of active pills, and on a heavy period that started 4 days ago. Have had painful cramps and back pain since I started it. Still have the mild cramps, but bad back pain. Hate these pills, miss my old ones. Granted, I am getting older, maybe that has something to do with.
Redness, blured vision, pain in and around affected eye, feeling of something in my eye,  Have been on Restasis for 2 weeks but felt the side effects right away.
Originally was put on Levlen as a last resort to treat my Menorrhagia, after 6 months it eventually made my cycle normal-ish, which was great after dealing with that for 2 years.Experienced enormous weight gain, since going on it 3 years ago, I have doubled my weight, exercise, and diet hasn 't stopped the weight gain, heaviest I 've been in my life. It has happened to other members of my family with taking Levlen, so it might not happen to everyone.Had a lot of fainting, passing out 6 months in, my GP didn 't really look into it.My mental health got worse on it too,huge difference in my mood, developed clinical depression, and anxiety. When I stopped taking the pill there was huge difference in my overall mood.
I have been on the pill for 3 months. As soon as I started taking it my milk supply dropped so drastically that I had to rent a hospital grade pump to keep up with my daughter. I gained 17 lbs in 4 weeks which is awful considering I was finally getting rid of my baby weight. I 've never had acne and my arms are now completely broken out. Terrible pill! I think it must be great for keeping you from getting pregnant though...who wants sex when you feel fat, tired, hungry, while covered in acne!
48 weeks treatment of HCV 1(a   b) by NHS (UK national free Medicaid? equivalent). Dosage was lowered at one point due to adverse side effects on blood count, re: haemolytic anaemia, thrombocytopenia, neutropenia.  Post treatment suffered acute pancreatitis episode.Numerous other adverse side effects during and post treatment chronic (for 9 years) side effects attributable to (either/both) ribavirin and interferon - the more serious chronic effects include: depression, anxiety, memory impairment, fatigue, sleep disorder, concentration and executive function impairment. Brief episode of delusion / psychosis during treatment. Initially responded but relapsed early during treatment despite rigorous adherence to treatment schedule.
Worked great the first couple of days - concentrated, laser focus and able to work hard. A few days in, I felt like I was on speed - couldn 't concentrate, thoughts racing, difficulty completing tasks. I couldn 't stay on it, I was so anxious.
Anaphylaxis.
I had my Implanon removed today. I had it exactly one year because I felt like I had to give it a chance. At first I thought that the problems I was having were because of switching birth control, but they continued. I was on Depo Provera before and hadn 't had a period in 5 years, and started getting light periods, then the slowly progressed and became longer. I have now been bleeding since early August and it 's mid December. It occasionally hurt in my arm too. It would sting and itch. Removal was terrible (insertion wasn 't bad) I had scar tissue build around it and it took 25 minutes of cutting and scraping to get it out. 
My Gyno recommended this pill to help with my PMS symptoms and migraines. I took it for 6 months and I had no migraines episodes after I started it, didn 't have my periods (not even spotted) and therefore no PMS symptoms. It was 100% effective for that reason BUT on the other hand, I 've gained 20 lbs that no matter what I did I couldn 't lose them. I quit the pill 30 days ago. It took one month for me to get my first period after starting in this pill and in 30 days I 've already lost 10 lbs! The weight gain is the only reason why my rating was so low. No woman would like to be treated for one symptom and get as a gift the side effect of gaining weight!
This is worst drug i ever took prescribed  for schizotypal personality disorder and major depression by one of my past psychiatrists. I don 't even understand how this helps other people at all. The psychiatrist thought it might help me, according to her, it was because I mentioned &quot;anger&quot;, which was very black &amp; white of her , um hello...I have severe depression, yet she goes ahead &amp; prescribes me an antipsychotic that shouldn 't have been prescribed to someone with depression like me, so  I go on a very low dose, after three days of walking like a zombie, barely able to keep my eyes open, agitated, worse depression, I developed convulsions when trying to sleep on the 3rd night, screaming, crying in pain, barely able to breath &amp; was rushed to the hospital, given ativan to calm me down, stopped latuda entirely
This medicine gave me more energy and improved my mood, but it made me quick tempered. It made it hard for me to function without having extreme emotional ups and down.
I was prescribed a 10-day dose of this horrific medication. By day 3, I was having diarrhea at least 10 times a day. I stopped taking it on day 5 after experiencing a terrible headache and intense joint pain, neither of which could by relieved by over the counter pain killers. That was 3 months ago and I 'm still not back to normal. I still have frequent bouts of diarrhea. My doc assures me it will go away with time and probiotics, but 3 months of diarrhea is too serious a side effect in my opinion.Also, this medication cost me over $50. Most other antibiotics are either free or cost a lot less than this poison!
This set off my OCD, which I literally had not experienced in 10 years. I went off of it after 3 days of utter torment, anxious paranoia and feelings of extreme shame and guilt. It 's been 5 days and things are starting to feel better, but I 'm still waiting to feel like myself again. This was frighteningly terrible.
The first day, it was great!!!  Did NOT have an appetite. In a week I had lost 4 pounds.After 2 months,  it gives me energy for 7-8 hrs.  Then, I CRASH &amp; eat everything in sight.  Dr. says--Be Patient.  Crazy way to live.  My other meds all make me gain weight!!
Wasn 't sleeping well and was having career-related anxiety.  I went to my PCP and he put me on Ambien and Lexapro.  I was very concerned about effect Lexapro would have on me, but I went ahead and started it.  First day I was a little tingly but no other immediate physical response.  The next morning I woke up retching/dry heaving.  I spent the whole day having hot and cold spells.  My ears were burning.  My head felt congested but without any sinus issues.  I was severely agitated/restless.  I couldn 't sit still.  Felt sick all day.  I took the pill again the second morning (yesterday), but today woke up retching again.  Still very restless with some twitching of arms and legs.  Didn 't take the medicine again today.
Chills, sweats, fever, fatigue, loss of appetite
Didn 't help my anxiety, just knocked me out.
Started on tablets yesterday for Bronchitis, had been on another penicillin for sinus infection but still hadn 't recovered 100% hence the Clarithromycin. I have had 3 x tablets so far and will not be taking anymore. I have been up since 2.00am and am exhausted but still can 't sleep. I am not due to menstruate however am experiencing excessive bleeding and the metallic taste make me physically ill but the diarrhea and the stomach gurgling and cramps are so not worth it. I would prefer to have Bronchitis then the side effects from this drug, I only hope no permanent damage has been caused. Would strongly recommend anything BUT this medication.
Will NEVER take this again.  I took this for three days and ended up being hospitalized for 8 days.  A kidney biopsy was done and determined to be a sever reaction to the drug.  After the diagnosis I was in dialysis for 6 weeks.  A very traumatic experience.
Bad bad bad. I have taken this pill for 9 months now my acne has gotten worse I have gained about 15 pounds my cramps are worse and I 'm very emotional. My boobs hurt all the time, my sex drive has lowered and after I finish my 7 day period I have 6-7 days of spotting. And my cycle is all messed up.
I 've had severe, reoccurring MDD for several years, aggravated by an eating disorder, self-harm, chronic insomnia, and compulsive behaviors. I 've bounced around the whole SSRI; you name it, tried it. My Wellbutrin/Brintellix combo wasn 't sufficient. I was exhausted, napping 2-3 hours midday, eating disorder raging, couldn 't get out of bed. No motivation, flatness, etc. I 've been taking 1mg Klonopin at 5:30p &amp; bedtime, and 10mg Ambien when I go to sleep for a decade. I did NOT like Abilify. It did nothing to give me more energy or motivation. I gained 20 pounds in one month on the med, with NO SYMPTOMATIC RELIEF. Stopped after 6 wks, and have only lost 10lbs in the 6 mo, even with exercise &amp; meal plan. Risperidol was no better. Crap drug!
I was prescribed Invokana in combination with metformin.  I have been itching ever since and my hair is falling out to the point where I am scared to comb my hair.   I stopped taking both medications.  It has been a little over a month and my hair is still falling out.  Is anyone else experiencing any hair loss?
I 've tried Claratin, benedryl, Zyrtec, and Xyzal. Only one that works is Zyrtec. Xyzal is a waste of money.
I was on Yaz for about 4 months. In the beginning, it was terrible.  I 've never been so depressed, moody. I almost lost my fianc&eacute; because of it.  Even now, while I 'm still on it, I cry often and feel depressed and insecure.  However, it didn 't make me gain weight, which was my issue with other birth controls in the past. I just switched today to Reclepsin, so we 'll see how it goes, but the SEVERITY of my depression on Yaz can 't be stressed enough. It killed me! (And caused me to bleed out on my wedding, honeymoon, and for two weeks after... so much for sex, right?)
I used the 1day applicator, was fine for 24 hours then started experiencing horrible pain and burning sensations and extreme swelling of vaginal area, I let it go for several days, I figured it would wear off..well day 7 still experiencing same symptoms, some times worse than others.   I still have yeast infection, burnt and swollen vaginal area, contact dermatitis from the Monistat1..I now have to take diflucan.  Please don 't use this product.
Not good at all.  I took Cholestyramine for a week and I would wake up at night and run to the bathroom and it was just too late.  I wish it worked for me as well as it has for so many of you. 
Horrible headache the day after (tried it on three different occasions to make sure it wasn 't something else) and could do nothing other than lay in bed in the dark. 
Well only been on it for 8 days don 't feel to good and still smoking. My chest hurts, no energy, was up most of last night, and when I do smoke I feel sick so it must be doing something to my body. I pray it starts working because I 'm ready to be a non smoker. I do not like feeling sick.
I was on Otezla for 4 months. I experienced the headaches thy every person seems to be getting, but I was willing to fight through those if the medication worked. I never saw any clearing but I did get a horrible rash all over my chest and back. It went away after I went off it. Don 't take this med! Unfortunately I also have Crohn 's disease and take Humira - which works wonders for the Crohn 's but doesn 't affect my psoriasis at all. I 'm stuck with the topicals and kenolog injections again.
Took lisinopril for two days.  Woke up after first day of taking it and my right eye was swollen. After second day of taking it woke again to swollen eye . Also developed tingly sensation in my forearms, hands and feet. Experienced numbness in my fingers and pain in my wrists. Felt as if I drank a bunch of caffeine -- heart was racing and felt very nervous. Called my doctor who said he didn 't think it was the lisinopril but I told him it was the only new thing happening. I 've just stopped . Pharmacist said it will take 48 hours for the two pills to be out of my system. 
This medicine really didn 't work for me. The moment I took it for my acid reflux it gave me a headache.It worked with getting my acid down in my stomach for a couple of days. 
Awful experience. I feel disconnected and struggled with derealization while on this. It made me so spacey. And my anxiety was out of control. I 'm afraid to go anywhere and hang out with friends it 's awful. This is an awful drug for me. I feel like I 'm losing my mind.
I took this for  three days. Within that short period of time I experienced extreme abdominal pain and cramping, severe migraine headaches, nauseated, drowsiness all day, moodiness, agitation, shaking, etc.
Made me sick
I started on Micardis 80mg, good for reducing my blood pressure, but I had bad vertigo, dizzy, had too lie down, felt sickly and had cold sweats. Did not agree with me. Reduced it to 1/2 a 40mg tablet. Felt okay for a day then had vertigo again. Stopped taking tablets.
I am currently trying to get over a very nasty cold. I couldn 't handle the coughing anymore so I bought Delsym. I took it before years ago with no problems. It made the cough worse before it started to help. It made me drowsy. I napped and was cough free during that time. Maybe 3 hours. Then I woke up not feeling &quot;right&quot;. I started to feel hot and had some stomach cramping. I got up to go pee and all of a sudden it 's like I lost all control of my body. I started sweating uncontrollably and started falling and passing out repeatedly. My muscles tensed up and I couldn 't move. I finally came to long enough to stand up and immediately got horrible diarrhea. I still feel totally out of it. Make sure you have someone to monitor you if you take it
I had the procedure for my bladder with botox on December 14,  2016. It has been the most horrible experience in my life, the doctor never told me about  the possible consequences of it, I will never recommend it, EVER!!!!!!! It 's been almost three months and I still have problems.
This one made me dizzy to the point of being afraid I was going to faint at the slightest turn of the head.
Took Crestor for four months and it lowered my cholesterol. Took it until my feet, shins, and calves went into cramps. Couldn 't sleep, and could hardly walk. Cramps ended two days after quitting.  Cardiologist put me on it and my family doc took me off it and told me never to take it again.
I have ADHD as well as epilepsy. I have taken just about everything for ADHD, and with my siezure history I have no clue as to why this was prescribed to me. (Actually it was new, I got samples.) Mildly stimulating, but in the wrong part of the brain for ADHD. I had seizures and got off it when I found out it caused seizures in people who aren 't epileptic.
I had a spinal fusion surgery of T9-S1 just 8 weeks ago. I am a 62-year old female. Recovery was going well. 2 weeks ago, I was asked to start on Forteo. Within 8 days, I began to have knee pains and it is getting worse by the day, making me feel rather unsteady when I walk. Am also having slight dizziness and a constant mild headache.Am going to speak to my surgeon re stopping this medication.
5/8/15 I started yesterday after I fed up with my weights , I go to gym 3 times a wk &amp; workout w/the trainer ones a week with no result I eat very healthy organic &amp; lots veg. I saw my Dr last wk &amp; told me to try it cause in the chart I was over weight 5 '5 , 175lbs. I 'm 49yrs old Married for 29 yrs, I don 't  feel sexy anymore , I hate my body every time I look in the mirror.  I need to mention I 'm athletic woman all my life &amp; love the gym,  I do take care of body but I felt like gaining 10 lbs very year, hopefully this will work for me this time , Follow me for the next 2 month
I 'm so relieved to know I 'm not alone with this awful &quot;migraine cocktail.&quot;  I suffer from chronic migraine and had one so bad last week I went to the ER.  I told them I 'd been twice before for debilitating migraines and dilaudid was the best solution.  Instead, they gave me a cocktail of Reglan, Benadryl and Toradol.  They injected the whole dose at once and I had the worst uncomfortable, restless, panicky feeling I 've ever had.  I thought it was Benadryl making me tired but after reading all the reviews on here, it has to be the Reglan.  Refuse this terrible drug, even for anti-nausea.  I was so restless I almost ripped out the IV.  Worst experience ever!
I was on Junel Fe for 2 years and only just switched to Lutera last week because I felt like my boobs were shrinking on Junel Fe (I 'm going back on Junel Fe tomorrow!). Since then, I have felt like absolute CRAP! I used to be anorexic and now that I 'm so bloated I feel like never eating again! I work out every day and my abs were so defined until I took my first pill. I do not recommend this birth control because it makes you blow up like a whale! If you don 't mind that then there 's nothing wrong with taking Lutera.
Did not work. I used it a day after I felt a small bump. I bought first thing in the morning, used it accordingly and did not see any quicker than usual improvement. Expensive for a very small bottle. I suppose it it did work for me it would be worth it and I would use it at least 3 cycles. However, it did nothing. My advice let it run its course. I 'm day 12 now and it 's almost gone. Not completely. Highly disappointed with the product.
The doctors diagnosed me with social anxiety, depression and minor schizoaffective symptoms. The first 2 days of taking this I felt great, I felt like I could do anything and I was really happy would rate this medicine higher if this continued for the entire duration of my taking it. However my the end of the first week I was severely delusional, to the point where I didn 't even notice it. At the end of week 2 I didn 't even know who I was, I thought I was turning into animals and I had no perception of time. A good way to explain it was the worst week long trip ever. I first noticed I was not me when the letters on my phone made no sense. I cold turkey 'd it and I experienced hypertension, irregular heart beats and so much more.
I 've been taking it a week now and nothing. I still have congestion, it did nothing for my cough (I am taking cough drops like candy with it because it doesn 't work) and it messed with my vertigo big time. I did not find this at all effective in my case. Apparently, I am one of the few it does not help.
I have been taking actos since Nov and had great results at first and now it seems like it it doesn 't work at all even after taking an additional pill with evening meals.  Blood sugar readings are the same with or without it
I have been on the pill for 3 months. As soon as I started taking it my milk supply dropped so drastically that I had to rent a hospital grade pump to keep up with my daughter. I gained 17 lbs in 4 weeks which is awful considering I was finally getting rid of my baby weight. I 've never had acne and my arms are now completely broken out. Terrible pill! I think it must be great for keeping you from getting pregnant though...who wants sex when you feel fat, tired, hungry, while covered in acne!
I was dealing with stress and anxiety super bad after my second baby was born, about 6 months ago...I was prescribed 25 mg to help. I would take the pill when I was feeling super stressed and anxious and felt soming, I guess, very subtle, I was hoping to feel an obvious calm about my body and thoughts...NOT with this med.  I also had very vivid sacked out dreams and the worst part hands down is the fog of exhaustion I would feel the next day!Don 't take this if you need to be productive or need quick relief from anxiety, at LEAST that 's my experience.
So I started itching in my private area! I diagnosed myself because I tried to go to ER but I was there for like 4 hours waiting for a doc. I got this Monistat 7 day. Yesterday was my first day and it burned and itched so bad I felt worse. So tonight I did it again (mind u I had no itching/burning all day but once I did my treatment it burned itched badly. I 'm stopping this Medicine. Not worth almost 20 dollars. I never had this issue before so I didn 't know whether it  was a yeast infection. Best bet is to see an MD instead.  Not happy customer!
I was hospitalized and couldn 't sleep due to intense anxiety in the hospital. I was given 50mg Seroquel. I felt the effects within 20 minutes, but then they kept getting stronger for well over an hour until my perceptions of time and space were very distorted. I couldn 't even sit in a chair without feeling I was going to fall out of it. Next I started getting paranoid until 16 hours later I took Klonopin and everything went back to normal. If I was at home or work and took Seroquel for the first time, it would have been a disaster. I did sleep for a few hours while I was on it, though.
I got my first depo shot the beginning of March. After a week I started bleeding with ceasing. I had to buy depends because the bleeding was so heavy. I 've gained 15 pounds since received the shot. I called my doc and got the whole it 's a common side effect . I started research and came up with ibuprofen therapy. 3 800 mg a day for 3 days. I also read about birth control pills will stop it as well. I started the ibuprofen Friday and it stopped. Saturday I wiped and it was a little pink. I continued to ibuprofen Saturday all day no bleeding in Sunday it was a oil pinkish. I took a birth control pill Sunday. Monday which is today no bleeding no pink just a lil brown. Took a bc pill this morning no pink no brown so far.
My rheumatologist put me on Plaquenil for UCTD.  Two days later I started having migraines, fits of crying, anxiety attacks, irritable, very depressed, and feeling almost convulsive.  When the doctor took me off the medicines, I slept for 15 hours, just getting up to have dinner and going back to bed.  This medicine is NOT for me.
This medicine is a nightmare. On it for 7 years after the second year my sex drive vanished and it became a chore. My cycle was normal.  My spouse and I  were fighting over the most ridiculous things. I was blaming him even when it was totally my fault. The moods affected my work, I lost a chance at a promotion, which I blamed my husband  for. Now he convinced me to go to marriage counselling and after a few weeks she started talking about medicine . I did not want to take any mood medicine. I was advised to see my gynecologist about stopping the Yaz / Loreyna . After two weeks of being off it I was feeling great  I was happy about things again. I was not having arguments . I even felt feelings I Had not in years. I feel normal again. Avoid this 
I would not have taken this medication if I knew it was going to effect my sex drive. I am thankful that I was only on it for a short time and I have stopped taking it a few days ago. I have been married for a longtime but we have a very active sex life now that our children are gone from the house. If I would have known that I wouldn 't be able to have a orgasm during sex I never would have agreed to taking this drug. So if you value your intimacy with your partner do not take this drug or expect a lot of frustration !!!
My pain doctor gave me 12 shots in my cervical spinal nerve roots.  He used this on me - after a couple of minutes then up to five minutes (according to him) I still was fully conscious and alert.  I told him this and I told him that I didn 't think the medicine was working on me. He decided to start the injections and after the first injection (6&quot; needle) I screamed and told him I could feel the the entire pain effects from the first shot.  The anesthetist said he would give me a second dose (did he?  I don 't really know) and then we waited for a few minutes - he gave me a second shot - and I told him I was still fully alert and the medicine wasn 't working.
Had absolutely no effect on controlling pain even after Surgeon included Valium and increasing Dilaudid doseage.
Yes I do not have a period nor do I cramp at all but I hate this birth control. The insertion was the most painful thing I 've ever done. She did not numb me at and was very rude when I was crying because it hurt so bad. I also have gained almost 50 pounds... I feel awful about my self, have zero sex drive, and am going up a pants size every week. I do not recommend this at all
I had unprotected sex on the 9th. I took plan b on the 10th 20 hours later. On the 22nd I got a positive pregnancy test. Same on the 23rd. So here I am. Pregnant. Guess I 'm one of the unlucky ones
So far I 've only been on Loryna for a month now but I think I need to find a new brand. I was prescribed this because my acne has been terrible for the past 6 months and since going on it nothing has gotten any better in fact my chin actually looks worse. However, my biggest problem is the mood changes. I snap at everything and I 'm always angry. I 'm never like this, I 've always had an amazing relationship with my parents and since going on the pill they 've threatened to kick me out because of how bad my mood has been. Additionally, since going on the pill I 've had my period the entire month, I 'm not sure if that is normal or not but I 'm tired of all the negative side effects.
The side effects of this medication are terrible. The dizziness, headache, and not being able to understand what was going on, felt like I was in a cloud. 
I 've been on Ambien CR (Zolpidem XR) for years. It always worked. Until it didn 't. I have insomnia because of Fibromyalgia and a bad back which wakes me every time I turn over. But it loses its efficacy after 6-7 months. Doctor switched me to Lunesta and it did nothing. It was as if I took a placebo. Went back to the Zolpidem XR but I 'm now back to having built up a tolerance again. Doc put me on Temazepam but it 's like nothing too. It stinks not being able to sleep or stay asleep.
I have chronic back pain from psoratic arthritis and fused SI joints. I also had rotator cuff surgery recently. I am prescribed 50mg of tramadol every six hours. This medication gives me little to no relief. When I was prescribed percocet initially, I experienced complete relief and could perform my job and daily activities, including golf, with NO side effects. My quality of life was awesome. I have an extremely labor intensive job, and I can barely move anymore. I am extremely frustrated with this medication, and my doctor will not prescribe any opoids because of the federal regulations, and some seniors are abusing the medication. I have MRI and Xray results that verify my chronic pain. Still, no relief. Tramadol does not work
Tried Cialis because the side effects from Levitra were unbearable and any improvement in my erection was far out weighed by the side effects.When I have tried Cialis I have suffered debilitating headaches for 24hours...never even got to sex on it. Seems I really can 't tolerate this class of medicines.
Well I wish I had read these reviews before trying this new birth control. My doctor recommended it to minimize side effects associated with other pills. I got pregnant within months of switching. My doctor said it was because I must 've taken a dose at the wrong time. True, I didn 't realize there was only a three hour window. This is different than every other type of birth control pill!!!! And this important difference is not highlighted in patient training in my experience. Now I 've taken the pill religiously for last two months, and I just found out I am pregnant again! I am devastated. This birth-control is not effective. Beware. Please note that I took Ocella and Ortho Tri-Cyclen for over 22 years before making the switch. I never had any problems. Do not trust this pill!
I hard diarrhea every time I tried to use it.
I thought I was going crazy. My boyfriend said what is wrong with you lately?! After reading an article in red book, then researching this pill I feel that it is the pill. I am constantly on edge and don 't feel myself. I had the worst breast tenderness and my acne got worse. I 'm past the 3 month mark so I 'm definitely going to switch and see if it makes a difference.
This is the 2nd time in 10 yrs a neurologist has put me on Topomax.  I am on 125 mg a day.  The side effects are horrible and the migraines are worse than ever.  Neuro refuses to take me off it after I have told him I do not like this drug or its many side effects.  I was told I was a lost cause.
I just want to say what a horrible experience using trulicity, every single side effect happened to me, and I used the low dose one.  I had nausea, diahrrea, vomiting, upper/lower/mid abdomen pain, it was so bad that I drag my self to my doctors and they had to call an ambulance because my BP dropped to low levels, nurse said you look green.  I got dehydrated and a week after, my stomach still gassy, and in pain.  I hope it works for some of you but if you are considering it, be advised, I lost an unhealthy 12 lbs in few days.
My brother had Botox done last year for Bladder problems with MS. It has been the worst year since been diagnosed 20 years ago. He wasn 't told he would need to use a catheter and he has severe vision problems. Has had constant UTI 's terrible pain from using catheters and developed hemarrhoids after having Botox done. Now Botox worn off and still needs catheters and is in pain. He has been told he 'll need to have more Botox so he won 't feel the pain. Complete disaster and very costly trips to specialists.
I 've been on Busiprone (10 mg twice a day) for about 2 weeks now and I have seen no improvement. My sleep is jacked up from it from either interupted sleep or vivid dreams. I dont think I 'm going to continue to use it. Xanax seemed to be the only thing that has helped me so far..
I have only been on it 4 days - I take two pills a day.  I have not noticed anything other than being extremely tired and my back hurts.  I 'll keep it up for a week or so, but if nothing changes will go off of it.  I 'm so disappointed.
This birth control pill caused me to have multiple blood clots in my lungs!!! Very dangerous!! :( ladies beware!
A side effect of this medication for me was tardive dyskinesia.
I had to stop taken the medicine due to getting yellowing of the skin, fevers, nightmares, severe headaches, dizziness, hot flashes, restlessness, nausea, etc. The medicine was fine until about 3 days into it then I began to feel worse and it was even hard for me to breathe. I may be one of the select few who reacted this way and I followed everything that I was told to do exactly.
Didn 't do a dang thing ! I took it like I was told to, and I waited &amp; waited &amp; waited some more! After a few months of not feeling any difference, or any better at all I quit taking it.
I got the DEPO shot on 30 December 2014 and I started bleeding on 29 January, it is now 30 May 2015 and I have not stopped bleeding. I now have Anemia due to the blood loss. Do not get this shot. It is terrible! One thing is for sure, you will not get pregnant because you will not have a sex life.
With genotype 1 Hep C, I took the Sovaldi/Ribavirin/Pegylated Interferon for 12 weeks this past summer. There was 0 viral load after 4 weeks. 0 after 12 weeks, after I had finished taking the drugs for all 12 weeks. After 9 months, the viral load returned at 1,496,000. I engaged in absolutely no behavior that causes Hep C - no needles at all, no sex at all, no drugs at all; I did not drink any alcohol. My doctors ' only answer is that the cirrhosis of the liver was so bad (compensated cirrhosis) that not all of the virus was cleansed out of the dead parts of the liver with just 12 weeks of Sovaldi.I am now on Harvoni for 24 weeks, hoping that the longer regimen of the two drugs - Sovaldi and Ledipasvir - will totally clean out the liver.
Worst experience. Insertion took way too long and was SO painful. My doctor had to cauterize me with silver nitrate to stop the bleeding. I was nauseous and dizzy for half an hour after.  They did an ultrasound to be sure it was in place, it was. After a week with horrible cramping and bleeding I went back in for a recheck. Another ultrasound showed it had rotated and was lodged in my uterus. Removed and will NEVER have this IUD again. If I could give zero stars I would.
Cymbalta ruined my life. If I forgot to take it one time it would be like going through heroin withdrawal. Not to mention my brain feel like mush when taking it forgetting things doing odd things. Don 't get me wrong the first 2 months was great but everything slowly started getting worse. Emotional outbursts, angry all the time, overwhelming feelings, unable to control my emotions, suicidal thoughts, blood pressure dropping all the time and the list is endless. I ended up making my doctor take me off this medication I felt like I was losing my mind. The withdrawal from cymbalta is absoultley horrble. I have never posted a review on anything online ever! But people need to know how terrible this medication is.
In the beginning when I felt the symptoms of herpes on my lip I went to pharmacy, which has offered abreva. I was using as per instructions - 5 times per day. 7 days later my lip looked as bad as 3rd day. When I finished first tube of abreva I went to another pharmacy and they again offered the same abreva. It 's totally marketing and I am sure pharmacists are getting paid by selling this particular lip cream. It does nothing! It 's expensive regular moisturizing cream!
I was prescribed this poison to help get off of benzodiazepines. How ironic is it that the withdrawal I 've experienced from Lyrica (after long being off of benzos) is far worse than benzo withdrawal? Search the internet for all the support groups and forums (and active lawsuits) for Lyrica users and read about the absolutely life-crushing hell that so so many users have gone through. This is a truly horrible drug for so many. It has been for me.  My advice is this: If your doctor suggests this drug for you, RUN!!  I 've read a lot of positive posts on this site about how helpful Lyrica is certain users. All I can say is just WAIT until you try and go off of it.
I have irritable bowel syndrome C&amp;D (constipation/diarrhea).  Lately the constipation has been the culprit. Which caused me to try Dulcolax. I took 2 pills within hours the normal cramps started.  Around early morning I still hasn 't had a bm but I was vomiting with no end in sight. I lost 3 pounds within 2 hours from vomiting. Over 14 hours after taking the pills I finally had a loose bm. I can 't wait for it to be over! I 'll be starting a probiotic so that I can prevent this.
I used it for 4 months. Between months 3 and 4, my libido was completely gone, my penis smaller, and my erection quality terrible.....in the rare case I was able to achieve one. Its now been almost 5 months since stopping the drug and all my side effects remain with no improvement. This over the counter hair loss medicine has made me asexual. I saw the endocrinologist and he believes that minoxidil caused these side effects. There is a research article titled &quot;minoxidil may suppress hormone receptor functions&quot; published in 2014. He believes that my androgen receptors have been suppressed and that is why my hormone tests are all normal. Unfortunately there is no treatment besides discontinuing the drug and waiting x months/years...if ever.
Made me psychotic, Messed up my sleep (go to bed at 5 am and wake up at noon)And the worst part is, it didn 't help.Later my doctor then prescribed me adderall, then ritalin, then a bunch of others, all did the same thingthen i decided to go to a holistic doctor, now i 'm on synaptol (a natural &quot;medicine&quot;) and i can now actually focus at works.
I was prescribed Aczone &amp; Tazorac to use each once a day aczone in the morning &amp; tazorac every other night. The Aczone made my face break out sooo bad it did more damage than anything!
A friend gave me two 50 mg and said it was good pain pill, but I took both of them and it did NOTHING! What a waste!
After 5,6 months of implanon I gained 15 to 20 pounds.  It is extremely hard for me to lose even a pound I joined a gym but after 3 months of going at least 4 times a week for 2 hours and no results I tried cutting back calories and nothing! Its very depressing  because I 'm not happy at all with my body and I feel so fat and terrified of gaining more. Even if I take it out it can take a year for your body to be how it was before I 'm so stressed out and don 't know what to do.
It didn 't work. I had just got off the pill and it was exactly 14 days after the start of my period and I knew I was ovulating. I had been having baby fever and he wasn 't so the next morning we went to the pharmacy and I took the pill. Few weeks later I found out I was pregnant. I know the pregnancy was a result of that time and that the pill didn 't work because that was the only time we had sex during that time frame. Nevertheless, I 'm just sharing my story how this product really didn 't work for me!
I had a UTI and It helped with my pain but only brought on terrible back pain. it hurt so bad I couldn 't breath or move it was worse than the uti pain. Let 's just say after one day they are in the trash and I embrace uti pain worse product ever.
I have had nexplanon since July of 2014. I am getting it removed tomorrow, and am going to see about getting permanent contraception. The first month after I got it I had no period, but became very irritable and short-tempered. After the first month I had my period constantly for almost 6 months. Then it became incredibly unpredictable. I started using a period tracker online, and noticed that my periods began getting more regular about 4 months ago. It was 2 weeks of bleeding, followed by 2 weeks of no bleeding.Another reason I am getting it out is because of weight gain. I gained around 35 pounds over the 2 years I 've had it. My weight has been increasing steadily, and no amount of exercise or diet will help.
This medicine never made the voices I heard go away-though I 'll admit they were a bit calmer. They couldn 't have been anything but though, considering the fog I was in because of the side effects. I felt NOTHING, not happiness, depression, calmness, anxiety. I saw no wonder in the world, felt no kind of joy. It was no way to live-it wasn 't living. It was existing, and that side effect didn 't go away despite my taking it for months. Another side effect was the weight gain-in three months I 'd gained thirty pounds.
I 've had this implanon rod in my arm for about 5yrs. The first 3 years were wonderful, I had no periods, I did have low sex drive and some mood swings but nothing like now. For the past year and a half I 've had the most horrible experience with this birth control. Back in may of 2015 I had my period for 3 weeks so heavy that I needed blood transfusions. My blood counts never went back up, so now I have to get blood infusions. I 've had to have a mammogram because they thought I might of had breast cancer, thank god that was negative. I have the worst mood swings, I cry for no reason, my hair is thinning, massive weight gain. This is the worst thing I could of done to my body.
PLEASE BE AWARE!! I have been on an injection contraceptive for 8 years now but my local doctor ran short of the shot so he recommended Yaz. I have been on it for three weeks now and 2 days ago I started having serious abdominal, tightening of my chest and serious problem to breathe. My husband researched it and found that these were indeed some of the side effects. I decided to not take any more of the pills. I urge females to be very careful when using yaz since 100 women are dead who used Yaz and are suspected that it was because of this drug. The blood clots allegations are numerous also.
I took it for about 2 weeks  and one night I woke up around 230am with severe pain that radiated to my back with heavy puking and the pooping. Went to the hospital and they told me I had Pancreatitis and took me off viberzi. Spent 6 days in the hospital with IV Fluids and no eating . Horrible experience!
This medicine is AWFUL.  Feet, ankles, bottom of legs &amp; hands are swelling.  Did not have this on Benicar..Calling Drtomorrow for change
Horrible horrible mental side effects, dizziness and nausea, abdominal pain, HORRIBLE migraines to the point of going to ER for pain control. Lets go back to the mental side effects: made me a completely different person. I was mean to everybody. My family actually told me to leave the house to give them a break from my irritability. Deep depression, and I 'm on meds for that already; so not a good med for me. I stuck it out for 2 months and decided to stop it when my husband actually hid the pills from me.
Got severe side-effect from taking Boniva (150mg monthly) for 3 months. Crippling, debilitating bone-joint pain at the hip. Very stiff sensation at the chest sternum and ribs. Went to Urgent Care twice. Flat on bed for 2 months with intense pain and prescribed pain killers (hydrocodone/Dilaudid, prednisone, etc.) have no effect. Discontinue taking Boniva and the pain subsides after three months. Three doctors don 't believe it is the Boniva side effect until the fourth MD specialist, a rheumatologist recognizes the Boniva side effect symptoms after a long differential diagnostic (she also has two previous patients with similar symptoms after taking Boniva).  
Tried it a few times but it gave me horrible, disturbing nightmares each time I used it!  Besides that, it was not helpful in actually getting me to sleep.
The good thing about the pill is that you can take it continuously. After 4mths of taking this pill, I ended up with bad palpitations 6-10 days. The palpitations was bad that I had to go to urgent care. While at the MD 's office the nurse telling me oh it 's normal, I reply &quot;yes I know  but not in this case bcuz I know my body. They capture a PVC on an EKG rhythm strip and even did labs( there were great). MD told me to just watch for signs and symptoms (if worsen go to ED). I decide to stop talking the pill, on the first day (not taking pill) I had no palpitations. The next day I decided to take it (just to see) omg it was the worse mistake my heart felt like is was about to exploded. I flush them in the toilet, never had palpitations after
These make me feel bloated, hungry, and breasts are sore.
This gave me mood swings and insomnia.
Little side effects. All I got was weight gain, dry mouth, and I slept an awful lot. It did nothing for my psychosis, despite being on 750mg. At 600mg it started to help a little with my mood, but the change wasn 't consistent.
I have chronic constipation. Nothing has helped including Amitiza.
Been taking it for less than a week and I am miserable. Been on BC before with no side effects, went off for a couple years then decided to try this based on my docs recommendation. Awful cramping/abdominal pain to the point I am doubled over in pain. Nausea to the point of dry heaving and almost vomiting. I already have anxiety/depression and this just added to it, big time. The first night I took the pill I woke up to bleeding, despite my period having just ended. Wish I had another option other than hormonal BC, because I am miserable during my periods.
I started taking Deplin 2 months ago in addition to the 300 mg. of Wellbutrin I had already been taking for several years. I was experiencing a very low level of chronic depression but generally okay. The doctor recommended I try Deplin to see whether it would increase my level of well-being. I could swear I feel a lot MORE depressed with the Deplin. Nothing has changed in terms of life style over the past few months, so I can 't think of any other explanation. Needless to say, I 'm going to stop taking it. I had no idea it might worsen my symptoms.
I have been taking this for about a month. I don 't know why.  It is not only ineffective, but it also comes with some sneaky side effects, such as loss of appetite, increased depression, and back pain.  Doesn 't even work that well for sleep anyway.  Forget about it!
I 've always used the ovules in the past, but the store I went to only had pre-filled applicators. Just took one and my parts do feel like they are on fire. I wonder if it is because it 's the cream so it hits your parts all at once? Maybe the ovules are not as bad because they have to dissolve? I 'll tell you though I 'll never buy the prefilled applicators again. This is extremely uncomfortable
Had cognitive thought and short term memory loss issues.  
I had Botox for overactive bladder io the 11 August 2016 been very unwell since flu symptoms aching body but above all my bladder is worse than ever .on and off the toilet constantly, with terrible throbbing and feeling of contantly full bladder. Back in hospital now they don 't know what 's going on although they are the ones responsible for the procedure !! At the end of my tether I wish I had never had this done no doctor wants to take any sort of blame and are playing dumb this is at King George hospital in goodmayes Essex been here for 2 nights they don 't know what to suggest and have been mucked about for 2 days and nights. Can 't sleep as sensation gets worse when I try to relax. Don 't have this done
Been taking lyrica for 4 months now for carpel tunnel and neuropathy in hands and feet. It  is no good. It has not stopped the pain at all, makes me so dizzy I am afraid to drive my car, legs swell like balloons, and have gained over 30 pounds in 3 months. A clinical research was recently done in Australia on lyrica  (for Acute and Chronic Sciatica) and the findings stated it had the same effect as the research subjects getting placebos or sugar pills. The makers have racked in 3 billion dollars on it. I told my doc it isn 't working but he still prescribes it to me, finding another doc this week. I just got a months supply, 90 pills 3 times a day, 150 mg at a cost of $1,111.19. Biggest drug ripoff in history.
I have been using this for approximately 2 years now and I am very worried that it has made my eyes MUCH worse.... I have just gotten done reading the other reviews and I am the complete opposite of these others. Therefore, I read the list of possible but not likely side effects and I am experiencing each and every one of these symptoms every time I use this medicine. Today, I used my restasis and then went venturing with my family for a few hours and my right eye began to secrete the yelowish thick fluid and burn worse than ever before. It also started to swell at the far corner of my eye. I went to the local emergency room where I was informed that I have conjunctivitis  in my right eye and now have to use antibiotics and pain meds
I have Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome with very extreme hair growth. For instance, I got a haircut 3 weeks ago to above chin length, and it already grew back to a short ponytail. I have tried about every hair removal method there is, but it 's tricky because some just plain don 't work on me, and each place on the body has a different growth pattern. Anyway, suffice to say I shave my face much more often than my husband has to shave his. So I didn 't mind spending $150 for less than 2 oz of cream. It 's not supposed to show a difference until at least 4 or 8 weeks in. But within 3 days it was brutally clear that the hair was coming in much faster, thicker and unable to be removed. I stopped the cream and within a few days was back to normal growth
In 2010 I take Zyprexa 20mg for 2 months. Now I manage to eat one meal a day cause I got diarrhea up to 5 times per day. I 'm surprise to be alive.I hate so much what Zyprexa did to me cause it 's so awful.
Took it for a day and instantly broke out in hives. Woke up the next day and started crying hysterically and had the worst cramps in the world. As a first birth control this was very hard.
I took Accutane twice to have little to no improvement for my moderate acne. It made my hands and feet completely dry, even years later, however, my acne is no better and my face and scalp are still completely oily.
I had extremely high hopes for this cholesterol buster and had the best attitude and hopes for this medication but definitely did not work out.  My cholesterol level was 225 and my left carotid artery via a Doppler was 50-70 percent narrowed.  Changed my diet immediately, started exercising, put plans in play to stop smoking and in thinking with Lipitor I 'd give myself the best possible chance to reverse the plaque.  Doctor prescribed 10mg, was only able to tolerate it a week.  The first 4 days, no side effects, excited as heck, the 5th day off and on I started experiencing a twighlight zone brain fog that would last 10-15 minutes.  Felt like a couldn 't clinch a thought, felt foggy, happened 2x the 5th day, 4x the 6th day, no more......
I was just prescribed Norvasc, for my high blood pressure.  I 've always had low blood pressure, but my Rheumatoid Arthritis Doc put me on prednisone and the result was high blood pressure.  Hence, Norvasc.  I was prescribed 5 mg., and the first day of taking it, and every day since,  I have had major heart palpitations.  Not a nice feeling.  I also feel WIRED.  So far, not liking this medication at all!  Why do medications, to treat illness and symptoms, bring an entirely new set of problems?
This did nothing for my pain. It only have me a headache, adding to my pain.
I have only used Enstilar for about 2 months and so far it hasn 't helped me but I don 't use it often because of the issues below. 1. Skin feel like you sprayed glue on it..sticky can 't dress until you stop sticking.2. Spray is messy goes everywhere and hard to hold can and spray on awkward spots.3. Foam comes out ice cold which is painful to psoriasis. This one is nutty to me.4. Horrible to wash out of hair. Did this once never again.Might be more effective if it was in a big tub NOT tube.
Caused suicidal thoughts.
Had Mirena inserted 4 weeks ago. Don 't need it for BC, but I am extremely iron-deficient, so it was to stop my periods. Nevermind the actual procedure, I didn 't take any pain killers before or after. But I have been bleeding and badly cramping ever since the procedure. Sometimes cramps would stop, then come back suddenly so bad I groan out loud. Any physical activity makes it much worse. My tum &amp; breasts are swollen &amp; tender. Some acne. Mood swings - more like mood plungers: I tend to snap at everyone around for no reason. Definitely a weight gain - 2kg in 4 weeks. Everyone says I look very pale. Total life disruption. I wish I read other reviews before doing it. My GP told me it would settle after 3-4 days. It comes out next week.
I started this for anxiety and depression, mostly social anxiety. It definitely helped with my social anxiety but not in a good way. I swear it caused a personality change. I went from being terrified of talking around people to randomly blurting out weird stuff in class and being squirrelly and hyper. I went from this quiet shy girl to being kind of whacko. I started getting in trouble in class for being disruptive. I was regularly displaying behavior that was inappropriate in public. Weirdest thing ever. I discontinued it and after a little while was back to myself. Not sure how common this is? Very strange.
Dude&hellip; I 've only had this yeast infection for 2 days and now I 'm taking that stuff today and I just want to say that I feel like my vagina is on fire. I know this treatment is effective but there has to be a better way. This is crazy.
My boyfriend and I used to have sex all the time... Because I didn 't want to get knocked up, I got on this thing and well it worked, mainly because you lose your sex drive, gain absolutely tons of weight and can 't stand the little things you used to ignore. Sooo yes, you won 't get pregnant unless you 're  single out on the town and no one has to deal with that 
Do not get this form of birth control! Had mine inserted around the end of April missed my period for 2 weeks than bled heavily for a month and spotted ever since :/ some days were heavier than others, I have gone through so many panty liners I actually missed my normal period while I was on it. Sex was embarrassing and my mood was horrible felt depressed and anxious all the time. Had mine removed 5 months later
I have been taking Prilosec for years but noticed that lately it doesn 't seem to be as effective. I went to a new GE who gave me samples of Dexilant to try. I took one 60 mg pill yesterday afternoon and in the middle of the night I developed horrible muscle cramping in my lower back and legs that had me in tears. I couldn 't get out of bed all day today and when I finally got up and ate a little bit I developed painful abdominal cramping and explosive diarrhea. It has been going on for hours now. All of this after one dose! I rarely ever have problems with side effects of medications. I will NEVER take this stuff again! I just wish I had tried the doctor 's samples for a few days before I picked up the prescription.
I was given the 4 mg sample. After the first day I was unable to urinate and after several trips to the bathroom I was able to drain the bladder. A fewdays later I tried a second time with the same result.
Worst thing ever. Effective yes, but destroy ladies body, especially when you stop using it. I would never recommend it.  I wish I had never taken it. I took 3 shots, yet it was enough to mess up my whole cycle. Uncontrolled bleeding. Unaware when to expect blood or not. Z 100 percent bad!
After six months of taking lisinopril (5mg), I have gained weight, had hair loss and have had constant fatigue.  It has brought my blood pressure down to 120/70, but I 'm tired of all the side effects! Not to mention the constant dry cough and soreness in my mouth.
Didn 't work for me.
Took 50 mg in the morning as directed, the day went fine and I was productive but was awake all night.  Didn 't sleep at all and felt jumpy for the first hour or so out of bed.  I 've been on Wellbutrin for years and felt like it might not be helping anymore -- well, after a scary night where I felt like I was on a bad trip -- just make it stop -- I 'm back to Wellbutrin.  If anyone knows a good alternative to Wellbutrin that 's not Effexor or Pristiq, I 'd love to hear about it.
I started this pill in November 2015 and now in April of  '16 I am FED UP!  I have horrible bloating, gas, constipation every day (worsening in the evenings.)  I 've gained over 10 pounds and my abdomen looks like I 'm 3 months pregnant.  I 'm 45 and have no more plans for children.  I can 't exercise this weight off either!  My back is covered in pimples and my chest area has them also. I 've noticed a decrease in my appetite (mainly in the evenings) yet I 'm gaining weight.  I have fatigue and completely random periods.  My doctor, for the record told me that these symptoms I was having were not related to my pill!! So, needless to say, I 'm finding a new Dr.  Peri-menopause stinks!!! You young ladies, exercise while you can and enjoy that body!
Tried it for three months and this stuff did not work at all.  What a waste of money.
I got recommended by my derm to use this to treat my acne. it literally burnt my face! my skin feels like leather, and in the first 2 days my face started peeling extremely bad, and the burning is too much to take. I do not recommend.
38 year oid female - within three days of taking this medication (1/day at lowest dosage) I was suicidal. Depression, but NO previous history of suicidal tendencies. There were no other changes in my life other than this medication. I recovered quickly after stopping taking Focalin. I also had strong negative reaction to Vyvanse. Doc said there was something unusual about how my body metabolizes this particular medications. Concerta has done well for me, considering Ritalin SR due to cost.
I am a 27 year old mother of 2 small children with a severe back injury. In hopes of cutting back on the narcotic pain medicines I started Zipsor. No Luck, within a week I was unable to get out of bed. I am now back on the narcotic pain medicines but am still looking for an alternate solution.
I was put on this bc to prevent pregnancy. I guess I should preface this review by saying I was off hormonal bc for almost 4 years, so my reaction could have been, in part, due to that fact. I was only able to take this bc for 4 days. The first thing I noticed was the nausea, and the ill feeling I had throughout the whole day. I couldn 't eat, my appetite decreased a lot. It made my anxiety 3x worse, and it also made me depressed to the point where it was getting crippling, and I couldn 't go through the day without feeling like I needed to cry, at the most random times. I read some people saying they had a feeling of dread while taking this bc. I had that too. I had the worst insomnia I 've had in my life. worst bc I 've ever taken!
My 83 yo father was in danger of losing his life. Has Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator  (ICD), stomach problems and prostate cancer in past. He had developed a Blood clot behind ICD.He deteriorated within 3 days of taking this drug, couldn 't walk and bleeding out through back passage, kidneys and we don 't know where else as still waiting for test results. His lactate levels 7.3 on admittance to hospital; a sustained 5 has a survival rate of only 11% so dad lucky thus far.He has received 4 units of blood, oxygen, saline solution to try to flush it out. This medication must be administered with caution, looking at previous conditions and closely monitored. My dad deteriorated within 72 of starting it. The external symptoms are: listlessness, waxy skin, breathing difficulties, paralysis of lower limbs.
EXTREMELY addicting and after a while you need more AND more to sleep. Also, in mornings I would find cooked meals, tv and lights on, and scary time I found bicycle out front! !!  STAY AWAY FROM THIS AND LANISTA.
Never been so sick, flu like symptoms and no help with depression. I experienced anxiety and panic attacks while taking it. 3 weeks was all I could take. Back to the doctor for a medicine change. Thank God I had some Xanax to help along the way. Hope others have better luck with it than I did.
Ok I went to this site because the pain I 'm experiencing after using Monistat 3 day is absolutely unbearable! I am 40 years old and have used this product at least 20 plus times! I have never experienced this level of pain. This product needs to be recalled. They have definitely added something to the original medication! It usually hurts a little after it drips out but eventually the pain turns into a numbing feeling! I am never buying this product again. Also the Monistat 1 day didn 't work at all that is why I tried the 3 day! These products need to be taken off the shelf and I want my money back! We can 't all be crazy!!
I took this pill for about a month. And in that month, I thought I was doing fine. No mood swings, nausea, headaches, not as much acne. But then my mom pulls me out of my room one day and tells me that I was gaining weight. I thought I had noticed it, but thought it was just because I was eating a lot. Being on this pill made me overly hungry all the time. 
It makes me feel miserable, but congratulations to those whom Cymbalta is helping.
My experience on Zarah was absolutely HORRIBLE. At first things were good. I never carried water weight and my periods lightened up. All of a sudden in these last couple months, my body has been going haywire on it. Everybody swears I could be pregnant, but I 'm not. I have gained 20 lbs eventhough I watch my diet and stay active, my acne has not cleared up, I spot 2-3 times a week, crave spicy foods a lot, sweets make me nauseous, I stay with headaches and constant mood swings. My obgyn switched me back to Safyral because I was never bloated, and in fact lost all my excess weight. The only side effect I had was that my periods were a bit heavy the first 2 days. So my obgyn tried me on Zarah. Would much rather deal with heavy periods.
Was on this for 3 days and had very watery diarrhea for all of them. When I informed my doctor, she told me to immediately stop taking it because of the risk of it possibly killing all good bacteria in my gut, which would require other medications to treat. The drug also did very little to ease my other symptoms. I ended up taking z-pak instead and it worked well.
The end of the month I woke up to find complete loss of vision in my left eye; only lasted a few hours. As directed, I went straight to the ER and they concluded it must have been an eye migraine. During the duration  of one month of taking this pill and 6 months after, I had overall decreased long range vision. The only two plus sides to this drug was that within the first two weeks my mild acne was 100% gone and I did not get pregnant.
Worse medication ever. Don&rsquo;t recommend this to no one: Had nose bleeds. Was cured from my bipolar and start haven&rsquo;t full blown panic attack repeatedly, weird feelings.  Bladder infection got worse. Got back and muscle aches. Need to take it off the market. Need to be banned in the USA 
38yrs old. I had a colonoscopy (my 4th) two and a half weeks ago and thought the moviprep was quite vile with it 's lemon taste. I think I prefer the previous salt tasting solutions. The taste and prep weren 't the problem though. On the morning of my colonoscopy my bowel movement appeared &quot;clear&quot;, however when I saw the doctor after he said the prep &quot;wasn 't great&quot;. I took it exactly as directed and am concerned that the quality isn 't as good as the previous preparations I 've used. Having worked in theatre for colonoscopies I know how important a good prep is and was extremely disappointed in the effect of this one. The worst thing however is that I 've had severe abdominal cramps with horrific diarrhea since, with only 3 day reprieve.
I was given Reglan in the E.R. via I.V. for nausea/vomiting, It caused extreme panic and agitation! I was given Benadryl to reverse the horrible reaction.
This medicine was awful. I took it for severe nausea and vomiting and it made me anxious, nervous, and on edge. I have never felt that way before and will never again take this medication.
I seriously do not know how this medicine is approved as a stimulant. I suffer from obstructive sleep apnea, narcolepsy, and shift work sleep disorder. This medicine in no way kept me awake, alert, or focused. If anything I had a complete opposite affect. I felt some sort of brain fog, my performance at work lagged, and I couldn 't keep my eyes open. I had no motivation to accomplish any tasks, or get out of bed for that matter. Along with these negative effects I had headaches and nausea. I would not recommend this as a stimulant or something for sharp cognitive effects. But, maybe more like a sleeping pill. I felt like it was a sleeping pill, but struggling to stay awake after taking it. Tried for 1 week.
I 'm 48 years old and have been having heavy bleeding for 2 years now, decided to try the depo for the first time in October 2015.  Have gained so much weight and developed several breast cysts.  Chose not to get the second depo injection. Period started immediately, have been bleeding heavily for 3 weeks now with dark clots, this is so cruel.   And now I 'm hearing this could go on for months.  W.T.!
MD prescribed Fosamax. Took first dose and two day later woke up with a severe headache, boating, gas and terrible nausea. By the time I got home from work I had severe back pain, joint pain and headache. The boating was almost intolerable. The next day, nausea was  worse and the headache continued with no relief even after OTC pain med. I will take Calcium and Vitamin D instead.
Face has become very red, itchy, dry and sore. Skin looks worse!
After being on Zoloft for a while and trying hydroxyzine, which both did nothing for my anxiety, Buspar has also had no effect whatsoever after almost a month. Still taking 100mg Zoloft but might stop taking the Buspar. I see no reason for putting another useless chemical in my body.
sorry sudafed no stars as no change! Back to hot steamy water with albas oil ! That worked
I am 86 &amp; have Wet Macular Degeneration. I had the 1st injection of eylea into my &quot;good&quot; left eye on Tuesday morning, September 8, 2015. Wednesday night, approximately 36 hours after the 1st injection I had a significant bleed in the injected left eye. I went back to the doctor the next morning who verified the bleed but insisted the eylea did not cause it and that it 's lucky I just had the injection. I saw another retina specialist who said that it does happen that people get bleeds after the eylea. When I asked about eylea and infection, he said I 'm worried about infection when I already got a bleed. He said I have to way up the risks before further treatment especially because my left eye is the only one with some vision left.
Nexplanon ruined my life. I had it implanted in October of 2015. I started bleeding two days later and I kept bleeding for five months until the gynecologist gave up trying to fix it and took it out. I was anemic and sick by the end. It was only effective birth control because it made it impossible to do the deed. Ever since then, I have had horrible periods. They stretch on and on. They start two weeks early even on the pill. I never had these problems before nexplanon. I 've been on multiple different birth controls since, several different bc pills and now nuvaring. Sometimes it stops the irregular bleeding. But never for long. On July 5th I started my period. It 's now August 14th. It 's not stopping again. Nexplanon ruined my life.
I 've been on Pristiq 50mg. I 'm only 18 it felt like it made me worse at times, it didn 't do too much. I 'm now off it and waiting to start a new antidepressant.
After just a few days I am experiencing pain in my neck and upper back pain so bad that I cannot take it anymore.
I took my first dose of Nefazodone this morning at about 10:30 for anxiety, I went about it with being hopeful because I read all the positive things about this drug on this website, And I have to say it is not worth it.  I got 60 pills yesterday and  though I would take as prescribe by my physician 100 mg. twice a day. I would NEVER take this medication again, it is probably just me but within an hour after taking it, I got weak in my legs and arms, my head started feeling weird, I felt anxious, more than I did before I took this medication.  It may just be me but I won 't take another dose of this, I take Doxepin 25 mg twice a day and I thought I would get something better that wasn 't a WAIT GAIN medication, but I would rather carry the we
I was prescribed Macrobid for a UTI. Within 12 hours of my first dose, I had extreme body and muscle pain from my ankles to my shoulders.  I am 100% aware that many people can take Macrobid and be fine, I 'm just relieved to read that some other people went through what I did for the simple fact that I thought I was dying! The morning after I started taking the meds, even my lungs felt bruised. I was too weak to hardly even walk. I returned to the doctor and totally thought they would hospitalize me. He wrote me a new script and sent me home. My mother and husband took turns taking care of me until I stopped vomiting and writhing in pain, which in total took days. I couldn 't eat and even couldn 't take care of my small children for two days.
I was hopeful after reading all the reviews, but I was on 50mg for 2 days and could not bring myself to take it the third day. I was incapable of looking after my two young children, I was out of it and didn 't even feel I could get in the car and drive, the simple task of cooking dinner seemed like a nightmare to me. Would have been interesting to see how long this lasted and see the wonderful effects I am reading about. Maybe when my husband is on holidays I might try again but being Christmas in 3 days, working and looking after kids I need to be clear headed. On the plus side I couldn 't hardly eat and lost 2kgs.
It is good for UTI but it 's not good for the body at all!! the second day I started having muscle problems, sleeping problems, anxiety...
I have been on it for a week.  Presure went up to 160/100, have diarrhea and stomach does not feel good.  Will be calling the doctor.
Started on Dronedarone 2 months ago after failures with Propafenone, Sotalol and Ablation procedures.To date Dronedarone has been totally ineffective.
Took one pill and all the side effects manifested ... full blown. Another on a long list of wonder drugs that give me the full blown side effects.  My doctor put me on a couple of the old stand-bys and I 'm doing pretty good.
I have been taking this for two weeks and I cry literally ALL the time for no reason!! It makes me feel insane! DON 'T take this pill!
I 've been taking this for almost 2 months. After doing more research I 've realized it isn 't for me. I feel no worse or better then when I started it. I have post traumatic stress disorder and this doesn 't seem to be helping at all.
Developed anxiety and panic again after not having it for 30 years.  Could  have been triggered by an attack of vertigo.  Dr. put me on Buspar 10mg twice a day.  I was also on Prozac 20 mg once a day and Clonopin 0.5mg once at night for years and felt just fine.  The Buspar made me spacey and did not help the anxiety.  They reduced it to 5mg twice a day.  Still a little spacey and did not help anxiety.  Upped my Clonopin to an extra 0.5mg in morning and 0.25mg in afternoon.  Buspar is not helping.  Going to ask my doctor to change to something else.  Been on it almost a couple of months.  Any help anyone can give me?  Thanks so much.  I am also afraid to be alone at home since hubby works 2nd shift but is going to 1st shift next week which will help.
So, I was so excited to try out the nuva ring. I have the mind of a goldfish, so remembering a pill everyday would be a struggle. When I put it in, I felt no diffrent. But the next few nights, I 've never been more sick. And for the first 2 weeks, I was like a bunny in heat. I 've became lazy, unmotivated, emotional and had no confidence at all. I 've read a couple of reveiws, so I tried to stick it out a month. Today, I finally took it out, and had an overwhelming emotional breakdown. I was mean, and cried for no reason, and felt depressed. This is not who I am. I 've had this thing out for about 8 hours, and I 'm finally starting to feel better. I think I 'm just going to try abstinence for my birth control method.
About 2 weeks after starting Humira, I started experiencing loss of bowel and bladder control;  I could no longer walk without a Rollator, could not do many daily tasks without assistance.  My feet felt like I was wearing concrete blocks.  Rheumatologist said it was &quot;Ridiculous&quot; to think these symptoms were associated with Humira.  Well, 18 months later, I went to another Dr., who said I had symptoms of &quot;Transverse Myelitis&quot;, associated with Humira in some patients.  The bowel incontinence and mobility issues plus &quot;concrete feet&quot; went away within several DAYS.
I gave it more than a 1 because it did prevent me from getting pregnant while I had it. I had mine for 7 years, then had it removed with hopes of starting a family. When I had it removed by my Dr, it broke, and only part of it came out. I don 't want to scare you, I know many women who have loved their Paragards and had great experiences. But mine was not so great. The piece that did not come out was embedded in my uterus. I had to have it surgically removed. The surgery cost over $90,000 before insurance. It took us a year and a half to get pregnant. I had a bunch of fertility tests done, and my husband and I are both fine. I can 't prove the difficulty is from this experience, but it is possible. That is my experience.
This medication has helped my anxiety a little, but not enough to make it manageable for me and worth taking. I have also experienced random trembling &amp; muscle spasms. So, no for me.
Awful Birth Control - If your doctor has prescribed this to you, please ask them to reconsider because it truly shouldn 't even be on the market. Spotting, nausea, headaches, weight gain, are all a few side effects.
I started sleep walking on this medicine. My wife found me sitting on the kitchen floor with a bottle of her red wine and I 'm told that I asked her if we were in San Francisco Or San Jose. This stopped my 28 years plus of continued sobriety. I was rushed to the hospital by ambulance they thought I might of had a stroke. I didn 't. It was an Ambien blackout. I have a very close friend here in San Jose who owns a Recovery home. He told me that his place is filling up with people being pulled over driving around town in their Pajamas while thinking they are home in bed. Ambien might be great for some people, but for folks like me it has evil effects. Please be careful people.
This medication didn 't work for me. I 've been on it for 3 months so far and 100mg. I haven 't seen any results so far.
This stuff should be fully illegal. I spent the whole night dealing with this nightmare, much like everyone else here. Unbearable itching and burning, called my mom sobbing. Couldn 't fall asleep for hours until I numbed with an ice pack directly on my vag. ITS THAT BAD. RUN. Can 't believe I did this to myself.
Got painful red, skin welts. Immediately stopped medication.
This &quot;medicine&quot; is awful!
When I read the comments about Prozac I believe that most of the good ones are from people who are still on them or took them for a short period of time. The review should include the withdrawal.I was given Prozac 14 years ago for anxiety I was not depressed. It worked well for anxiety, I tried to come off them many times and suffered what I thought was a return of anxiety but was in reality withdrawal. Since coming off completely  2 years ago I have been destroyed mentally and physically. My cognition is very poor I have serious vision problems and dizziness and agitation and  I 'm in constant pain. my pharmacologist and neurologist are in agreement
Was prescribed 10 mg for cystitis 1 pill one hour before bed time. After taking the second pill I got severe anxiety attack which led me down on the road of developing GAD and panic disorder. I did not know what was happening to me why I felt so hyper and kind of sick, had heart palpitations, like I had a ton of coffee. The morning I still felt severe anxiety, called the doctor, made appointments to figure it out what is wrong with me. I started loosing weight because I lost my appetite and I guess all the worry created more worries and eventually panic attacks. It may work for others but be very careful when trying it the first time.
My reaction to Humira seems to be unusual. Within 2 hours of each injection I would sleep so soundly I was not wakened even by drilling in the next room. I generally wanted to do nothing but sleep for about 36 hours after each injection and overall I was unnaturally sleepy while on the medication. For the first 2 days after each injection I experienced burning joints and a flu-like feeling with more prominent pain in my lower back. The only positive symptom was experiencing less nausea than I did prior to treatment. It was a relief to stop and &quot;wake up&quot;.
I was on this medicine for 2 days (I know, I should have had more time). I had so many side effects I can 't mention them all here but I just felt awful. I called my Doctor and they said it 's not for me. There were to many side effects and that was only 2 days on it.
I started this birth control a few days ago and been dealing with bad cramps, stomach pain, and tightness in my stomach when I yarn or cough. It 's just so awful that I stayed in bed most of the day. I discontinued it today and going on another birth control that I love and had no side effects. My doctor switched me to Cryselle despite me telling her I want to stay on the other one, now she switched me back. Not trying to scare anyone but it 's best you avoid this medicine.
I was prescribed PEG as a prep for a colonoscopy.  The medicine made me throw up, and the procedure had to be rescheduled. Thoroughly disgusting stuff.
Trying this birth control has forever changed my life. Each person is different and may experience different things however unfortunately I experienced the worst.. extreme hair loss. I have now been diagnosed with alopecia because nobody wants to own that this was the cause. DO YOUR RESEARCH before getting on this, unfortunately I failed to do so. I trusted my OBGYN and it 's now put me in a very emotional and low place. I do not wish this upon anybody else.
This has been the worst experience with birth control I 've ever had. From 2 month long periods, to having the worst acne of my life at 23, I wouldn 't recommend this to my worst enemy. If I could give zero stars, I would. Since the moment I 've gotten nexplanon, I 've been broken out so bad with painful, cystic acne that no miracle of skin care or diet seems to touch. Before this, I 've always taken the pill, and would occasionally get a pimple or two, but I 've never had an ongoing problem with acne until now, at 23 years old... I also get random pains in my arm where the implant is, and I have to be careful not to stretch my arm out too far, or bump it on things. I also have much worse mood swings. Now counting down the days until it 's removed
I took depo in January while I was on my period. After my period stopped like a few days laterIi started spotting and it never stopped. I told the doctor but they insisted that it was a good method so I took it again and scheduled the next shot. The spotting never stopped, I had a terrible appetite, my moods were changing like. I never went back to get the third shot. I regret ever taking depo. I feel like I 'm never going to have my regular menstrual cycle or have the sex I had before or stop using pantie liners. This is very frustrating.
The day I got skyla was horrible, my doctor asked if I had taken any pain meds before hand and I told her no, her response was &quot;you should go take some your going to need it&quot;. That whole day I laid in bed and cried because the cramps were so bad. That lasted for about two days. Then when I was getting ready to have my period the cramps where still  unbearable nothing helped. I 've been the ER 7 time for the pain and cysts which they told me they can do nothing about. I 've kept it for a year hoping it would get better but it hasn 't so I 'm getting it taken out cause it 's not worth it to me.
I tried it for anxiety and aggresive behavior.  With in a few minutes of taking the first dosage I became catonic.  Tried again two more times and each time the same thing;  Dr. changed my medication after that and said that happens in a very few patients on Buspar.
The hospital put it in my IV drip when I went in the other day for severe dehydration due to hyperemesis gravidarum and it made me feel restless and dizzy and confused, along with extremely tight stomach pain, unlike any stomach pain I&rsquo;ve had before. They prescribed it to me when we left (not making it clear that it was the same drug they put in my IV) and at home it made my nausea 10x worse. I couldn&rsquo;t even  keep water down and the stomach pain was beyond unbearable. Only after missing my last dose of the evening was I able to finally get down some water and keep it down. Reglan is just horrible.
Belladonna was not helpful to manage my irritable bowel syndrome. I have tried 5 medicines now and nothing is helping me. 
My doctor put me on 300mg Gabapentin three times a day, did not help the chronic pain, made me feel extremely dizzy and unable to focus. He then increased the 300 mg capsule/ 1 three times a day, even after I told him of the debilitating side effects, he then increased it to 2 capsules three times a day &amp; now I suffer from severe nausea daily. It 's as if he has poor listening skills. Why he gave me that when I knew it would not work for fibromyalgia, but increased the chronic fatigue greatly.
Chest pain increased Vision changed for the worse. Hallo around lights at night. Creatine ,serum went up. Bun/Creatine ratio went up.
I took one Dulcolax on Sunday and then one on Monday for constipation. I was awakened last night at 1a.m. with horrific stomach pain, cramping , nausea, and diarrhea that was like explosive water. All day yesterday, I was going to the bathroon, each time with a little bit of diarrhea. I must have been in the bathroom 25 times. But the pain and nausea I felt last night for hours almost sent me to the ER. I kept wishing I could go ahead and vomit so that I 'd feel better, but I never could. But the nausea and the pain nearly drove me over the edge. I was in the fetal position for hours (when I wasn 't running to the bathroon). I never, ever expected to feel this horrible. Never again. I still have sharp pains and watery diarrhea today.
WORST EXPERIENCE. After getting the mirena implanted I couldn 't even walk ! It was extremely painful to speak , cough , or anything that involved movement ! The process of getting it placed lasted only a minute, but the pain did not end as I intended for it to . I have also had bloating , which I have never experienced this bad ! I do intend on contacting my doctor Monday morning to get it removed immediately!
DO NOT EVER BUY AFRIN NASAL SPRAY. Until Bayer gets themselves together and makes a cap that actually comes off, do not waste your time and money with this product.
I got put on this medicine because of my anger issues and anxiety. I 'm on 300mg twice a day but it hasn 't done anything for me so far. I 've become very dizzy, I have double vision, fatigue, drowsiness, balance problems and speech problems, and I have almost passed out a few times.
Have been taking this for about 7-8 months now. It is absolutely awful. I have been feeling really emotional and depressed when normally I am a very positive and outgoing individual. My sex drive is almost completely gone. I also switched to this BC so I 'd only get my period once every 4 months. However, I 've had spotting every single day for the past four months. I 'm miserable. Getting off of this immediately and switching back to lo loestrin fe. Do not recommend!
This stuff is really bad and makes rosacea worse. I used it for two weeks and it would work for a few hours but then the rebound flushing was horrendous. I haven 't used it in 6 months and I 'd say that it left permanent damage. The area of my face affected by rosacea has increased and the easiness of flushing has too. This could be a side effect of aging as I 've always had rosacea(26 years old now), but I definitely think mirvaso was a catalyst to increasing symptoms.
I used bupropion xl 150 only used for 1 week. This made me so angry and irritable that my family couldn 't stand me. I took Pristiq before this and it did the same thing plus made me gain 15lbs in 2 weeks. I do not think antidepressants are for me. They just make me way too angry. Bupropion also gave me itchy rash everywhere, headaches and made me constantly feel hungry, also made me have really bad dizzy spells and twitches in my neck. All of this and it didn 't help my depression at all, in fact I feel worse since I 've started taking medicines than I did before. I know this works wonders for a lot of people but I am not one of them. 
The neurologist that I go to see for my epilepsy seizures he wanted to prescribe me a new medication. He then asked me the patient would I mind taking a new medication &quot;Tegretol&quot;, I asked him what he thought I and he claimed he did not know. The doctor prescribed me the Tegretol medication, I had been taken it for less than two months and was diagnosed with an Allergic reaction, Swollen Throat, Facial edema and itchy skin.
Rebif is effectively the Indian Rope Trick and very dangerous. All beta interferons cause more harm to the weak body than doing any good. The pharmaceutical lobby sponsors clinical trials and whitewashing the results in relative numbering so they can sell the poisonous drugs.The drugs inflict harm to:- Thyroid - blood- kidney - liver- at long intake risk possibly that your body develops anti bodies against beta interferon and might attack your body 's own interferonsGoogle on the web for the Avonex trial that was rigged and initially the NHS health care in the UK banned the medication to be financed. It did cost the NHS 700 Million GBP for a drug that  holds off a single relapse in 14 years.
This medicine initially killed the withdrawal, but after five days I realized I was still having cravings really badly. Also, it felt like I was dragging a thirty pound weight around with me coupled with severe depression. Most pharmacies do not carry this medication and most pharmacists I spoke with had not even heard of this drug. All in all I had to hunt this med down and special order it only to find out it sucks. And yes I was taking it correctly the print side facing out towards my inner cheek lining. I am going back to the doc to ask for the one and only Suboxone.
After 5 months on this medication it did nothing for my &quot;manic-depressive bipolar disorder&quot; that I was diagnosed with. It caused me to rapidly put on fat and riddled me with anxiety. I 've never had a panic attack in my life until I took this medication. I was prescribed latuda 40mg, after 2 months had numerous panic attacks and gained over 15lbs of fat, made me very angry and anti-social, it 's also expensive as hell even with insurance. I quit taking it and forced myself to workout and eat clean and I feel 10x better than when I was taking this crap. No more depression, no more panic attacks or anger. My bipolar symptoms are completely gone from just changing my diet and adding structure to my chaotic life.
If i could rate this lower than a 1 I would. Worst. Experience. Of my life. I had severe nausea from a dental infection in the hospital and the doctors gave me compazine through IV. I don 't even know when this happened but I had a crazy out of body experience. I saw myself laying in my bed and had NO idea where I was. I thought I was in Arizona at first at a hotel and then freaked out because I had no clue who the people in the room were (my parents, my regular nurses). The room spun and then I vomited everywhere. It was horrifying. I was nauseous for about twelve more hours and then had hallucinations. I saw people walking in and out of my hospital room that I knew damn well weren 't real or there.DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG.
I was given an injection of Toradol for a severe headache in the ER. I was told I had to have the injection in the posterior as it would be sore the next day. All I can say was it was like having a shot of liquid pain.  Was given a prescription for the tablets and they haven 't done anything.
I was on Paroxetine for 7 years. I have generalised anxiety, social anxiety, panic disorder and agoraphobia. This drug did ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. Side effects: no sex drive, vertigo, dizziness, brain zaps, general feeling of being out of touch  with emotions (unable to feel sad when watching sad movies/tv, unable to cry when feeling sadness or joy), night sweats and nightmares nearly every night, depression, suicidal thoughts. My anxiety did not change, my panic attacks did not lesson, actually anxiety and panic got worse, ended up in hospital from a panic attack while on it. Only stayed on it for so long because doctor said it was helping (where?!?). Off it I&rsquo;m the same just without side effects yey!
My primary care doctor prescribed Mobic for my lower back problems (mostly muscular). I took the pill once a day. 15 minutes after I took the pill I had to lay down. The rest of the night I felt like I 'd been hit by a truck and the pill didn 't even touch my pain. I was getting depressed and my boyfriend told me I was mean while taking this pill. I am taking Aleve 2 x 's a day, and I feel so much better now.
Nothing but upset stomach all the time!  Feel like I 'm going to throw up every minute of every day for 3 months now!
Spiro decreased some oil in my face, but also did the following: way more jaw/chin pimples, neck acne for the first time in my life, a sudden back breakout after having a 90% clear skin for 2 years [and lovely PIH I get to deal with now], dehydrated my face to the point of looking older, tiny weird whiteheads and cc 's on my cheeks/forehead, and even more troubling, HAIR LOSS just 2 weeks in. I only took 50 mg/day, but by week 2 my brows, nose hairs and eyelashes began falling out. I 've lost about 30 some hairs total in a week. I 'm lucky I have thick lashes and brows, or else I 'd look patchy. I weaned down to 25 and stopped today and voila...no shedding. It was Spiro 's fault...moving on. :(
It took me a year to realize that this product was causing my ITCHY PALMS.  I had hives on my palms that would flare up when I ate soy, and sometimes after touching things at the gym. After starting the nuva ring, I became very sensitive to soy allergens.  I kept trying to eliminate every trace drop of soy in my diet, but it seemed like I was more sensitive to soy everyday.  Then one month, I put in a  new ring and suddenly my palms itched like a hundred fire ant bites, and I realized I was not just allergic to soy.  I was actually ALLERGIC TO THE NUVA RING!!!!!  My soy allergy persists after quitting the Nuva Ring, but no more itchy palms.
I experienced quite bad anxiety, restlessness and restless leg syndrome after taking this for only a couple of days.  I had just come home with twins and thought I could have some sort of post natal depression as I was actually  'scared ' of my children.  I was so tired and would lie down to sleep but would have to get up within minutes due to restlessness.  It occurred to me, it could be the metoclopromide,  prescribed for lactation. So I stopped it to see.  Within 2 days my symptoms were gone.  Thank goodness because I thought I was losing my mind.  It did not have any apparent effect to improve lactation.  I would never have this drug again, the effects were that bad.
I took this medicine for 2 months straight. The condition fluctuated, but for the  most part improved. After 2 months I stopped taking it and symptoms returned.  
This knocked me out all day and didn 't even help me sleep at night.
I used Rhofade for a few days and it immediately became apparent that my skin became much worse, redder and burning. I would not recommend this product at all. After discontinuing use and returning to regular hygiene routines my skin returned to normal, albeit with mild rosacea.
This birth control is awful. I 've been on microgestin for almost two months now and I have nothing good to say about it. My anxiety is through the roof (I 'm not generally an anxious person), I 'm super moody (I 'm normally a happy person), I 'm extremely bloated 24/7 (I look 6 months pregnant), my hair keeps falling out, I 'm nauseous, I just got over my period a week ago and now I have breakthrough bleeding (heavy bleeding), I already have horrid period cramps from PCOS but these microgestin cramps are almost unbearable. Seriously, just don 't try this bc...
My first time taking birth control my gyno put me on lo loestrin Fe 1/20 and my hormonal acne cleared up, my sex drive was fine, overall great pill. Then I had to switch to microgestin Fe 1/20 because insurance didn 't cover lo loestrin Fe 1/20. Ever since I started taking microgestin I have had horrible acne and started off with horrible mood swings and I 'm on month four right now and have recently been experiencing some anxiety and nausea I think due to this pill. Going to my gyno tomorrow to switch back to lo loestrin fe 1/20 even if it is more costly. Microgestin Fe is horrible I do not recommend especially if you are prone to having acne which is one of the main reasons I started taking BC.
My doctor placed me on this medication due to severe chest pain, from the moment I took this medication I 've had all the Severe side effects you could have with tramadol. All and all this medication didn 't work wonders for me.
I have narcolepsy which went undiagnosed for decades. I don 't drink coffee and for years self medicated using caffeine tablets and diet sodas. Finally in desperation started looking for answers via the net, had a sleep study and voila, narcolepsy. Tried Ritalin with no effect, then Provigil and for the first time felt normal and productive. Health insurance would not cover and soon I was paying $800.00 a month for meds. To make matters worse, the Provigil soon lost any efficacy. Ultimately my Doc, reluctantly prescribed Adderall and I have been taking 30mg in the AM and 20 more around lunch. This works ok, but still need caffeine.
My knee is worse since receiving the one shot 3 months ago.  It is always swollen and stiff.
I got my first Depo Provera injection at the beginning of January 2016. Within the first week I started bleeding, and have now been bleeding everyday since. The bleeding goes from light to heavy, not too bad for cramps. I also have suffered vaginal dryness which has been incredibly uncomfortable. My doctor and I decided for me to go on depo due to me having suspected endometriosis. I did research about depo for a month before hand but I completely regret my decision. I have also lost a lot of hair, been feeling stressed and feeling down and severe acne that has scarred my skin. My doctor encouraged me to get a second shot with the promise of it calming things down but I refused, it has ruined how I feel about myself and wasted money on pads
I was diagnosed with depression in 2000. My doctor at the time was a bit of a quack and had no idea of the symptoms and treatments for depression. Moving forward, I have been seeing a very good doctor now for about 12 years. As you are well aware, not all meds for for all people. I am only writing this today in hopes of saving someone some time and frustration if Abilify is not working for you. I started taking Abilify as an enhancement to the Wellbutrin that I was already taking. As time went on, my depression got worse. To make a long story short, I went off of Abilify 3 months ago and life has been great. Not sleeping all day or dragging my butt, thinking clearer and have endless amounts of energy. STAY AWAY FROM THIS MED!
Horrible.  In my 30s going to a high demanding graduate school.  Helped me early on in undergrad but now after all these years i hate it.  My family gets the worse of it as i am always pissed off and irritable while on it and cant think clear without it.  Its a double edged sword.  Waiting for the day i can say FU to this horrible man made addiction.
I 've been on this stuff for probably about eight months now and, for me personally, it 's about as effective as a sugar pill.  My psychiatrist has me taking three 10mg pills three times a day,  I keep telling him the stuff isn 't doing anything for me, but I guess he 's been thinking there MUST be a threshold for me or I doubt he 'd have me taking 90mg a day.  I gotta admit that I 've been curious myself, and they don 't seem to give me side effects of any kind, so I just keep taking them.  I 'm probably gonna stop and just stick to the venlafaxine because it seems to be starting to kick in now at 300mg.  It 's been six weeks since the switch from paroxetine (which worked well for 10 years), and I 'm starting to feel pretty good again.  Be patient.
I 've been using this for about 3 months. I have not seen  a reduction in hair. It really dried my skin out making the hair look worse. It is really expensive at $100. I 'm going to finish this bottle then I am done. It was worth a shot.
This medicine worked wonders for my 3 year old 's allergies, however, I am in the process of taking him off of it. He has always been a very well-behaved child, soft spoken and very smart.Since he started taking the medication (from the first day) he has been completely unable to sit still, has been chewing on things (something he outgrew a year and a half ago), and has been unable to follow simple directions. He has also been much more aggressive.When I asked him about it, he said (word for word), &quot;It makes me feel wiggly. And when the wiggles start I can 't stop them and the house spins and I fall down.&quot;I urge parents to keep an eye on their children for behavioral changes always, especially with this medication.
I have been on Seasonique for 4 months now, I got on it because your only SUPPOSE to have a period 4 times a year. I started on Seasonique and started bleeding which really sucked because I just had my son and just stopped bleeding from having him. Then I just figured my body has to get used to it. I bled for 4 1/2 days like my normal period. Every other week I started bleeding. Now after 4 months I have been bleeding for 2 weeks straight sometimes it gets so light I think it 's going to stop and WILL STOP at night. I go to sleep and wake up and surprise I 'm bleeding again. I have never had a period last for more then 5 days and this birth control is supposed to help not have a period. I have stomach cramps so bad I can 't move sometimes.
I took Cipro for a UTI.  Within 3 doses (1.5 days) I went from walking fine, to having severe pain in my left knee and having to limp.  The pain got worse.  Finally, I researched Cipro 's side effects and found out that it can cause severe damage to tendons.  I stopped the medication, but the damage was already done.  A year later I had to have surgery to repair some of the damage.  Since then I have read other horror cases like mine.  Cipro seems to find a weak tendon and strike at it.  I will never take this drug again.
Took for 3 months. Did not affect my blood glucose levels at all. But severely increased my bathroom visits and caused me to sweat uncontrollably.
I switched from synthroid to armour last year and felt better for the first couple of months. I 've had an on again off again scalp itch/rash that I could not figure out for the life of me. About 6 months into armour I was overwhelmed by all my sympotoms, fatigue, depression, low libido, joint pain and the scalp itch/rash just would not go away. My endo let me try a 30 day supply of Tirosint and the rash went away and I felt so much better. Just to test my theory I went back to armour after the 30 days. Very quickly I realized it was DEFINITELY the armour and I 'm going back to tirosint. Armour is SO much cheaper but not worth it!
I 've literally been bleeding two months and now I 'm anemic because of the bleeding , I will NEVER have this implant put in again!
While on Cymbalta I became suicidal. 
I am in my fourth month of using this birth control and I am having much longer periods than normal, weight gain, and very tender breasts. Trying to get switched.
I had surgeries in the past to remove a buffalo hump and  fat on my neck due to HIV medicines I was taking. Recently in February   I started taking complera, little by little I started to gain weight, having pain on my back and today I was looking myself in the mirror and I notice I 'm losing definition between my face and my neck. I 'm starting to look like a monsters again - I 'm developing a buffalo hump again.  I guess I didn 't want to see it  because I 'm  tired of changing medicines. Is very frustrating today was the last day I 'm  taking HIV medicines.
I am a mental heath  professional that wanted to switch from Ambien to Belsomra 15 MG.  What a nightmare!!  This drug shouldn 't be on the market.  Read feedback from others.  I had nightmare all night was being murdered by serial killer and was could not move or wake myself up.  HORRIBLE.  Took it 10 nights.  No sleep, just horrible dreams.   Read prior reviews.
My nasal congestion hasn 't gotten any better, I 've experienced no relief. However, I am writing this at 4 in the morning, so this medicine gave me both insomnia and shaky/jitteriness. 
I got the depot shot right after my third child. We decided no kids for a while. Got my first shot had my cycle for 5 weeks! Constant PMS, I 'm anemic so I was always cold. Always got at night. Weight gain and I 'm already a BBW. So sex life stopped completely. Was not interested at all even when I was off. So I got the second shot cause the doctor said it will get shorter. LIES! Had my cycle for 3 weeks. Still no sex life. Stopped for two days. Then started again plus severe cramps and clotting. Going on 4 weeks now. This shot broke up my relationship because I could be intimate with my fiance. Yah it stops u from getting prego. But it also stops your sex life too. Depo sucks big time.
If you have got the depo shot and are now experiencing consistent bleeding that 's dark in color, I recommend seeing a gyno and getting the pill. I bled from May 2015 until the end of September and a week after the pill, I am blood free. All my other side effects have also subsided. GET THE PILL, IT HELPS, I SWEAR.
I don 't know why they prescribed this for anxiety. It just feelsvlike a high dose of benadryl and I am just waiting for tu feeling to end, then I wake up feeling like my head is heavy and a lot of pressure. It is very unpleasant. Never taking it again.
Tried this for a month and it didn 't work nearly as well as my previous medications.  Asked doctor to switch me back.  Awkward inhaler.
I 've been on this pill for about 4 months and since the first month I started getting cystic acne. I 've never had acne in my life and I feel no longer confident with my skin I do not recommend this pill at all I have so much acne around my face and neck
Only took for 1 week, made me incredibly tired, could not function.
I started taking Seasonique a month ago.  My doctor told me to take it on the first day of my period.  I 've been bleeding ever since, although it 's not heavy, I still need to wear a pad everyday.  I 'm going to stop in the middle of the pack because I can 't take this bleeding anymore. My sex drive is non existence right now.  I took Seasonique last summer and absolutely loved it!  Had no problem at all.  
I was constipated due to some medicine I was on following oral surgery. I have never taken a laxative because I never had issues.  So I took 2 pills before bed and honestly it was the worst decision I have ever made!  Wish I had researched before. I had all the horrible side effects for hours. I am still in bed 15 hours after taking those stupid pills. The sweats are gone but my stomach is cramping and I can 't sit up without feeling nauseous.  Save yourselves. Please do not take this drug. Frankly I think it should not be sold OTC.
This drug might as well be full-blown chemotherapy.  My best friend started taking this and the chronic fatigue and overall depression that he is now battling has kept him from participating in his nightly role as a special forces operative. Otezla has caused him to miss multiple engagements over the past week and I see no signs of this changing.  If this continues, the drug trade in Bolivia will continue to skyrocket, and the flame of democracy will move even closer to being snuffed out. This is how the terrorists win. Thanks Big Pharm.
I got the mirena placed in March 2014 6 weeks after my second child. Insertion was easy ( I had just had a baby) I spotted for about a month off and on but after that I would have light spotting for a day so light a pad or tampon would have been no use. Bled only about 3 or 4 times a year. Mirena was incredibly effective, loved the light/less periods I would almost say non existent BUT the mirena hated me. Horrible chin acne, constant bloating, couldn 't lose weight at all and developed anxiety and depression to the point I hated myself. I had it removed yesterday and they couldn 't find the strings, had to get an ultrasound and the IUD was at the fundus of my uterus so they had to shove a hook instrument through my cervix to top of my uterus
I started Xyzal in late August due to repeat sinus infection and allergies. Last week, I skipped two doses by mistake and that was the worst thing that I could have done! I had a full blown panic attack in the truck while on our way home from running errands. I literally jumped out of the truck why it was still moving because I felt like my head was about to explode! It was the worst day ever. I am now only taking half a tablet to wean myself off this drug. Had I known these severe side effects after wanting to stop them, I never would have started them. Since halving my dosage, I have been having anxiety, joint pain, itching, and swelling in my sinuses. I am hoping to be off of these within 2 weeks since I only took them for around two months
Is there a minus 0?  I am only writing a review to remind myself to never to take this med again!  Omg. 2 wks before my period is due, my face flushed, broke out in worst rosacea, skin scaled, then pimpled, now that my skin is going getting better, my breast enlarged about 5 pds more, overall body weight gain about 5 pds more mid body, waist, I 've felt bloated about half month. Oh yes. I also woke up with a swollen face, experienced migraines that kept on knocking me down. energy level is gone. never again tri-nessa.
Don 't take this drug. Just don 't. My Dr told me nothing about the side effects or how potent it really is. I took it for a week and I felt like I was cracked out the whole time. Total depersonalization suicidal thoughts weird head pains, chest pains, vomiting and completely drained of energy. After only taking this for a week the withdrawals were horrendous and I was only on 30mg. Brain zaps, palpitations, chills, insomnia, sweating, diarrhea and the list goes on. Worst two weeks of my life. I can 't imagine what coming off this drug feels like when you have taken it long term. Do not take this drug 
I 'm 20 and I got Nexplanon 8 months ago. First 6 months I bled constantly (although it was light it was still a huge pain in the ass) but I stuck it out because my GP said it would take 4-6 months for my body to fully adjust. I 've gained about 30lbs. I have terrible mood swings, I get angry very easily, and I also have a very low sex drive, so my relationship is suffering. Since the initial 4-6 month period, I 've had terrible acne which I 've never suffered from before, and I 've had discharge and regular spotting. At least it has been effective, since the weight gain, low sex drive and acne has pretty much made me never want to have sex again, but I cannot wait to get it taken out of my arm.. although I hear that 's the worst bit!!
No effect until hours later, even then it 's for a mere 3-4 hours.Hate it.
I had my period three times the first month, two on the second and two times again on the third. While this BC did not make me gain weight, I don 't believe it helped with my acne much. I called my dr after the third month and she switched me to something different... just hope this won 't be as bad as this pill... expect to be on your period the whole three first months, really..
Got lip angioedema and anaphylaxis because of this mediation. Symptoms still exist.
Went into anaphylaxis after third dose. Increased anxiety. Had to go to the emergency room via ambulance. Mouth, tongue, &amp; throat were swollen, chest was tight, severe all over itching, &amp; itching throat. Found out this only works 50% of the time. That it 's a hail Mary drug. It works on half of the people, makes the other half worse. Be very cautious with this one. Because it 's a 50/50 chance.
This pill has made me so emotional. I 'll be crying over the most pointless things and can 't seem to control my emotions. I was never like this before, although it has lightened my periods.
I used Rhofade for about 2 weeks before I started to have problems. Initially, I thought it was awesome but then I started to have a break out of red bumps that stung like crazy. I tried adding more Rhofade but it only made it worse...much worse. My face still stings even though I stopped using Rhofade. I hope I didn 't do any permanent damage.
This is awful. My vagina burned to the point I could only fall asleep with a wash cloth between my legs.
Bad at best
Eyes get blurry, get severe Migraine 's, itchy bumps on my head &amp; neck. Coughing starts up like I have a chest cold. My doctor is trying  to find one that works for me. So far Simvastatin &amp; Pravastatin do the same thing to me. I 'm Allergic  to both of these.
After having osteopenia progress to osteoporosis  and not tolerating oral medications, my doctor suggested Reclast. I had my first infusion on Dec 26, 2015 and within days suffered incapacitating  pain in my hands. It was so bad, I couldn 't hold a toothbrush without tears due to the pain. Additionally, I started to have severe upper jaw pain. The hand pain has improved but not gone away entirely. The jaw pain has not resolved at all, making it hard to chew.   I would not recommend this drug to anyone and would NEVER, NEVER use it again.
I highly suggest people not try this medication. I was only on it for 8 weeks and had horrible memory problems that I am still working through. This medication has caused me to be out of work for going on 7 months now. The doctors keep telling me it not this medication, but I know it is since this is the only anxiety med I took that caused memory problems. The prescribing doctor made no mention of memory loss as a side effect. I am on a special diet now to stimulate my memory, along with going to therapy to get my memory back. Scariest time of my life. I feel like a zombie right now.
I had the implant put it around late Aug 2015 after having to go under an abortion. I didn 't want to run a risk of getting pregnant again so I gave the implant a try. I gave the implant a try because the other forms of birth control weren 't working for me. For example the IUD gave me unbearable mensural cramps, something I never had prior to the implant. The regular everyday pills worked fine, however there would be times when I would forget and this is what essentially got me pregnant. Not my first rodeo though, I 'm 24 and I got pregnant for my first time when I was 17, I had an abortion then too... After the implant, I gained 30 pounds in a matter of 4 months. I had it removed, never have I been this big in my life. I blame the implant.
It works but it 's awful and I will never take it again if it 's the only thing available I will never have another colonoscopy. And it 's expensive to cost us $121.04. I paid $21.88 co-pay.
Has anyone taking dilantin ever experienced nipple tenderness?  I have only been taking it for a month at 200mg qhs.  All of the sudden a few days ago both nipples started to increase in tenderness and I have not ever experienced this.  I am a 31 year old female with multiple diagnosis and was just hoping for someone to talk to.  Thanks.
Caused colitis, abdominal pain and diarrhea. I only had a foot ulcer and this was too strong.  
I had a terrible supposedly rare reaction to the protein in this medication.  Every joint in my body was swollen and so painful that I couldn 't even stand a sheet touching me.  It took about 5 days for the symptoms to recede.
My problems with it: Bled for 4 or 5 months straight completely irregular period and spotting throughout (plus discharge on a daily basis), HORRIBLE migraines at least once or twice a week. At the most every day for a week and I had never had even a small headache before this birth control. I have gained 20 pounds. I 'm naturally small and lost all my weight after having my child with no effort so this is strange for me. No sex drive, horrible depression, anxiety and mood swings, insomnia, nausea, face break out (never even had a zit), and horrible muscular pain. Getting it out.
I got on the shot July 6th. Two weeks after I got the shot I had my period and it has been six months of me bleeding non-stop. I would bleed heavy some days and light other days, but not once have I went a day without bleeding. Doctor keeps telling me its normal and I know it can 't be. My back hurts so bad sometimes I can 't stand straight and these contractions.. I mean cramps are worse than my pregnancy. I 'm an excercizing maniac and I still can not get rid of my lower stomach and I have a personal trainer. Refuse to do the third shot.
I 'm laying in my bed at 2:55 a.m with an ice cold wash cloth cooling my vagina. I 'm trying to soothe what feels like the fires from hell coming from within me! I 'm 7 1 /2 months pregnant, with gestational diabetes and this is one of only 3 yeast infections I 've ever had in my 21 years of living. My OB/GYN recommended the Monistat 3 day to me before treating me with a prescription.  I 'm calling him first thing tomorrow to tell him to stick his bits in a meat grinder and pour gasoline on it because that would be the equivalent to the pain I 'm currently feeling! I followed all of the directions exactly and I read that there could be minor burning as a side effect but this is not minor! STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT!
Worse pain and total lack of movement.
I switched from Pristiq which was keeping me up at night. My initial dose was 50 mg. it was hell the first week: crying spells panick attacks but my doc promised it will improve. After I bumped it up to 100 mg the hell got worse; panick attacks&amp; anxiety were unbearable but I kept telling myself to stick with it. So, I did until the end of week 2 on higher dose when I was hospitalized with seizures due to serotonin syndrome. Still taking Ativan 1 mg every 5-6 hours for seizures. Not a good experience.
I was taking Cymbalta for 2 1/2 months (along with Lamictal, which I still take) to get rid of the depressive side of bipolar.It made me super down and extremely on edge for weeks. I was on 20mg.
I wanted shorter periods and had breast pain on my old pill, so I asked for a low dose bc. I 'm on month 4 of this pill and want to be off it desperately. Pack 1, I got a 1 day period and got excited. Pack 2, in the second week I spotted a lot, then got a 2 day period on schedule. Pack 3, I spotted for 2 weeks and then had heavier spotting for a period. I 'm almost through the first week of pack 4 and still bleeding, although it is way lighter than my previous periods on a different pill. I can 't deal with this bleeding. My dr said give it 4 months and here we are. I am asking to be put on my old bc asap, I 'll put up with the sore boobs!.
So I was put on the birth control Kariva and I never got pregnant and it was the only form of birth control I used, so in that effect it worked. However, I experienced severe migraines that were bad enough. They checked me for a tumor, decreased sex drive, tired, nervous, dizziness, weight change, appetite change, and numbness on the left arm and hand. I have been off this birth control for just a few weeks and I am already feeling back to normal. 
I was prescribed to take this for 10 days.  After 5 days I could not handle the side effects I experienced.  I was so exhausted, but the medicine made me so dizzy and nauseous that I couldn 't sleep.  And when I did manage to get a few hours, I had the most vivid and bizarre dreams.  I was also taking Flagyl and developed oral thrush.  I would not take Levaquin again.
I have neuropathy from chemotherapy treatment . The neuropathy is so bad that I can barely walk. I started this medication about 3 weeks ago. At this time it has  done nothing for me. I am taking 100 milligrams three times a day.
I was on it for a few months and then started having really bad stomach problems. I went off of it three weeks ago and I 'm still having terrible stomach problems to the point where I have to force myself to eat. 
I have tried it several times in the past but have the same results. It does not control the steady flow of post nasal drip causing me to feel nauseated. I have better results taking 4 hour generic Benadryl.
I started taking this medication about four weeks ago for my acne. My dermatologist told me to go back in six weeks.  I haven 't seen any improvements and my acne has gotten worse. I was only breaking out around my jawline and now I 'm getting cystic acne underneath my mouth and forehead, where I didn 't even get them before. Make sure to eat before taking this pills. I took them once without eating and I was throwing up. I can 't wait to see my dermatologist, and tell her to put me on accutane.
Totally useless drug. Took 100 mg/3 times a day for 5 days  Some relief from hacking cough for a few hours but cough returned much worse. Will see my MD tomorrow for another medication. Total waste of time with this medication.
After I started taking this medicine I started having crazy anxiety after my baby was born!!! I am the type to not take bc before preg so when the obgyn gave me this he told me to take it because you 're real fertile. So then I got put on anti depressants but at the same time my anxiety had not gone away and also my blood pressure was getting higher!!! I decided to stop taking this medication after reading these reviews and wow I can 't believe so many people have this experience! My first day off it and I 'm starting to feel like myself and my blood pressure is getting to a normal level! This medication is dangerous!!!!
My mom caught the cold I have just beaten and it affected her much worse. After consulting a doctor/friend she recommended trying Mucinex 12 hour. At around 7 PM,  she took to 600 mg tablets. She reported being awake all night with heart palpitations, jitters, and a  pounding headache. She also threw up in the middle the night and feels nauseous again this morning. The cough is coming back as the Mucinex wears off.  The drug worked  to stop the coughing but the side effects can be hard on some.
I 've been getting bacteria infections on and off for about 10 yrs have always taking the metrodonizole pills and they give me a bad taste in my mouth so this time I wanted to try the vaginal gel!! Did not work at all!! Plus gave me a yeast infection!! Now having to redue treatment with pills!! Fml
I read these terrible reviews before I got the DEPO shot but got the shot anyway in June 2016, it 's August 2016 now and I haven 't stopped bleeding since I got the shot.  I 'm bleeding so hard some days that I soak through a tampon in fifteen minutes!  Ruined so many underwear bleeding through...spent so much money on tampons.  Other days I just spot but I regret my decision to get the DEPO shot. At least with my period I had 21 days of no blood, now I have zero days of no blood. Do not get Depo shot ever!
I took this birth control about a month ago, and at first I loved it. I was spotting for about a week after I got it and then I stopped for maybe a month... 11 days ago I started spotting a brown color period blood.. No it 's very prominent heavy and red. I 've been on this period for 12 days now and I 'm sick of it! I 'm very moody and ALWAYS hungry. Always tired and always have headaches. I 'm never irritable and this is not me. I 've gained 4 pounds .. And yeah this medicine helps prevent pregnancy but only because you can 't have Sex. Your always bleeding an moody! Who wants to have sex under those predicaments! I would never recommend this medicine to anyone ! An I sure am never ever getting it again!
Terrible. Allergic reaction so itchy had to remove.  Skin looks burned.
Been changed from oxynorm to shortec the packets are constantly pierced and tablets empty and doctors blame room temperature. Have moved them to various rooms and still having same issue
I 've been on this a month and it 's been horrible. I have IBS that goes in waves, sometimes I 'm fine sometimes my bowels are very unpredictable. This has given me the worst stomach pain I can imagine every day since I began. I have no appetite and I also rarely have bowel movements anymore, but 24/7 I feel like I will have diarrhea.... but I never do. It 's miserable, I can barely go anywhere due to the stabbing pain.
Can 't even open the tube. Have a friend with severe allergies (Multiple Chemical Sensitivity). Between the alcohol and fragrance it can not be opened in the home. Then read all the side effects. Wish I had known this before I purchased it. Thankfully, insurance paid for it.
Ok, Xanax was the very 1st Benzo I tried, my doctor Rx 'd me 1mg 3x daily. It worked decently, but I was expecting a lot more. After talking to Doc about it, he switched me to Klonopin 1mg 3x daily. All I can say is, WOW! Klonopin is SO much more effective for me. It does take a couple of hours to kick in, but once it does.. I can 't honestly say how much better Klonopin is than Xanax. Both are equivalent mg for mg. Klonopin has a MUCH longer half life. It just works overall way better than Xanax. I see so many positive reviews of Xanax, but I 'm wondering if most of them have tried a different benzo?
I 've been taking this drug for a few months I 'm on a very high dose (800mg). I was finding on lower doses my paranoia was overwhelming and my depression was getting to the suicidal point. Now I 'm on a higher dose I 'm like a zombie, lack of motivation in everything I do. For me personally, I do not think its the right drug for me but everyone takes to medications differently
I didn 't have a very good experience with the Nexplanon. Having it placed in my arm was the only part that went smoothly. The only time it hurt was when my doctor numbed me, but it wasn 't that bad at all. The very next day I became very nauseous &amp; kept gagging. I kept the Nexplanon for a month (a month too long) &amp; the whole time I stayed sick on my stomach. Certain smells would make me sick &amp; I could barely eat. Even if I didn 't eat anything I would still get sick. It was so bad that I went to the doctor &amp; she prescribed me pills to help with the nausea while I waited to see if I would get adjusted to it or not. The only other problem I had with it was it messed with my moods. I stayed agitated all of the time &amp; I would cry real easily.
I was prescribed 10 days of clarithromycin for a respiratory infection.  Since Day 3, I 've been experiencing a lot of fatigue, abdominal swelling/discomfort/pain, intermittent diarrhea, constant severe heartburn, and a constant, nauseating taste that keeps me awake at night.  It 's also triggered the worst asthma attack of my life (probably because of the heartburn).  Each day is worse than the previous day, and it 's unlikely that my doctor will want me to suffer through the full course.  When my doctor and I are done treating this bug, we 'll get to focus on treating the damage this drug caused.
Do not I repeat do not get this shot... this is my 3rd round and it has only got worse... I heard it was supposed to get better with time..first time I got it  &amp; I bled for 2 weeks..  spotted in between.. second time I bled for a month... this time I have started bleeding and it hasn 't stopped here in a few days it will make 3 months...
I took Zoloft consistently for about three months and it was the hardest three months of my life. It made my depression significantly worse. I thought if I stuck with it for a while it would eventually help me but it didn 't. It did help with my anxiety though. As soon as I stopped taking any antidepressant my anxiety sky rocketed and I was able to beat my depression by finding God. I hope this helps whoever is reading this. Stay strong.
It made me want to sleep all day and made me extremely nauseated. After a month of taking 40mg it didn 't touch my ADHD and after a month of 60mg still nothing happened except the side effects. 
I had been on a different form of bc for several years, but apparently it was not as effective as I got older. My GYN prescribed Gildess to me and suggested I try it for a few months to see if the condition improved. I was on Gildess for a total of 5 months. I kept in mind that you must allow time (3 mos) for your body to adjust so although I experienced side effects from the start, I gave it a shot. I experienced uncontrollable mood swings and felt depressed and tired ALL THE TIME! The worst side effects though were the extreme headaches I experienced while taking this medication. I know everyone is different, but as for me... I would NEVER recommend this pill to anyone.
I started this pill when I got my period about 2 weeks ago, but since have had spotting literally every single day. I know it 's supposed to prevent pregnancy being a birth control pill, but I didn 't realize the method was preventing you from having sex because of continuous bleeding? Questioning my doctors sanity for prescribing this pill.
This stuff is horrible!!! The first gulp and I was ready to throw it up.  I didn 't ' thankfully not the first bottle anyway. It 's like drinking poison.  Than with each bottle you have to literally sit on the toilet for 4 hours each because it takes forever for it to clean you out The second bottle I painfully downed but threw up shortly thereafter.  Than 6 hours after taking the last dose I still have diarrhea! This product should be taken off the shelves or might be more effective than  waterboarding. Do not take this, please ask for a gentler product.  I will never take this again!!!
Started Harvoni 6 days ago so far no side effects or maybe a little concentration problem at time. (Brain fog) not sure if thats part of it or just because I 'm an old fart LOL.3 weeks and only side effects is headache and feeling flushed at times.  I go in next week for the 4th tests I 'm praying there is improvement.
I was instructed by the office of my colonoscopy/endoscopy doctor to take 2 at noon and then another 2 at 2pm on the day before the procedure.  Since the manufacturer only recommended 3 as the daily maximum dosage, I just took one at 2pm.  About an hour or so later, I started having severe stomach cramps.  The pain was so intense I was soaking in cold sweat and I blacked out!  I will never take Dulcolax ever again!
Extreme drowsiness. Never felt quite this drowsy from taking a medication. I&rsquo;m vomiting every hour or so, I feel so sick, I don&rsquo;t even want to leave my bed. It seems to be working for my UTI however so that&rsquo;s good. Maybe it&rsquo;s meant to flush your system out which is why most people puke? Who knows.
Monistat 3 days=worse nightmare.I put the medicine in and out. At first I felt a burning in the urethra but then it spread everywhere. I laid in crazy horrible pain for 1-2 min. I went and washed as much as I could. Then the pain went down more than 50%.I have done other anti fungal vaginal creams. This one, never again.I had to lay down with legs opened and fan on.I will see how I do in the morning.
My mum started on Trulicity in November.   She felt nauseous almost from day one, bloated, tender stomach, diarrhoea,  gassy.  In mid February she went into A&amp;E, then into intensive care with severe dehydration.  On March 6th, after 4 days back home, she died from acute pancreatitis.  I only found out cause of death today but already believed Trulicity to be the underlying cause.
I am 56 year old female with Severe osteoporosis and osteoarthritus .My Ortho and Gyno Dr.said My bones were so frail I had no choice but take forteo.I started in 2015 and after a few months of just over all weakness and being sick all the time low BP , I went to my PC Dr. After blood work he said your immune System has crashed get off the forteo! I was home bound had pneumonia etc. Now over a year later my bones went from -2.9 to -3.1 He finally agreed I have to get back on it so...I 'm having sweats and sever stomach issues chills ache in my bones . Over all not well feeling .Has anyone had any of these  side effects? I 'm happy for the ones who can take it with no side effects. !Hope this helps someone and maybe get answers. Blessings
This was the second antidepressant I tried, worked great for a few months be then it went downhill fast. I stop shortly after it got really bad, however Prozac withdrawal is one of the most emotionally and physically challenging things I 've ever done. I do not advise people with even slightly addictive habits to take this, I truely do not like this med, at all, but maybe it works for some people.
I have been taking trulicity for 3 weeks my sugar levels are almost perfect,  and I am loosing weight , but who 's sugar wouldn 't be perfect and who couldn 't loose weight if your sick the whole time. I can not tolerate this medication very disappointed. :(
I don 't recommend this med... Just two days of taking this and a severe headache every time. Gonna see my rhumy to change this med..
Long story: Of course I haven 't had a colonoscopy in 4 years (but pushed for it) although this started started 6 months ago. Change in size of BMs, in the bathroom frequently, even though I 've gone.I go between 4-8 x a day.  Sometimes it 's like I 'm on a bobsled moving side to side, back and forward trying to finish going. However not dry.So after an ER visit for abdominal pain on a scale of 1-10 it was 12! CT normal.  It finally started subsiding about 1/2 &amp;r after 2nd shot of morphine. End up seeing useless PA yesterday who didn 't want me to have the colonoscopy. He puts me on Linzess. OMG! I was working summer school and in the bathroom every 15 min all morning. A total of 14-15x!!! Why?  Am I on the wrong medication? Is it something else
This medication caused me to have very horrible nightmares to the point where I would not go to sleep until I was taken off the medicine.
It doesn 't work, this drug is a pharmaceutical scam to get money out of scared young women. Everyone who says it works likely would not have ended up pregnant whether they took the pill or not.  There is a very small window of time where pregnancy can occur and when taken during that time the pill will not work. My experience with it is this...unprotected sex, took plan b 8 hours later, ovulated the day after that, got pregnant with twins and miscarried both twins (one at 5 weeks one at 7 weeks). It 's impossible to say whether the miscarriage was caused by the pill but I think it was. I knew I was pregnant before I got a + pregnancy test but I also knew something was wrong from the beginning, it all felt different then my prior pregnancies.
I was recently prescribed victoza. the day I took my first dose (1.8) I ended up in the er. I was continuously throwing up and needed to be hydrated. The following week I tried it again and I was in the er again. This does not work for me. I have read many reviews that say it gets better after two weeks but how can you go on with your day if you are nausous or vomiting all day.
Does not help with my chronic pelvic pain. 
I was switched from celexa to fetzima.  I started on 20mg for a few days then increased to 40mg.  It did not helped my depression at all.  I was crying and repetitive thoughts. Side effects were awful:  constipation, dizziness, retrograde ejaculation, anxiety, irritability etc...I switched to viibyrd.  So far its a lot better.
Ooookay they definitely changed this product because the first time I got this it worked fine! My second time using it I feel like the gates of hell moved into my poor va-jay-jay. I got a yeast infection from a 7mile obstacle course that I ran. My underwear was caked in mud/swamp water and sweat in which I wore for about 3hrs throughout the event. Bad decision. But taking this is an even worse decision! I 'm so raw, tender, swollen, irritated and itchy down there. It hurts so bad from how raw and sore it is. I have to change my panty liner every hour because there 's so much white discharge. I freaked out and called my doctor who said it 's the medicine working and flushing my system out. Ughhh I really wish I would 've taken a pill.
I was prescribed Paxil CR 12.5 for GAD which was mostly situational. I cannot tell you how awful of an experience it was for me. My anxiety went through the roof to the point I didn 't want to leave home which is not like me at all. I became very depressed which I wasn 't to start out with. Crying uncontrollably. Pacing and restless, could NOT sit still. Went from 140 pounds to 124 in 3 weeks. No appetite, intrusive/racing/all negative thoughts, couldn 't sleep for more than an hour or two at a time, paranoid, confused, no concentration, no motivation, sweating, constant diarrhea, jaw clenching, stomach pains, body aches, dry mouth, yawning and dizziness. After 25 days on this med my doctor pulled the plug because I was better before it.
Never again. This stuff made me violently sick. Vomiting. Headache. I had the shakes. It was terrible. I stick with magnesium citrate. On ice.
If you 're sensitive to any medication I don 't recommend taking. I had an adverse reaction and it caused me to end up in the ER. I started out taking one dose and then began feeling anxious after several hours. Against my better judgement I took a second dose and the next morning felt nauseous which then led to vomiting that wouldn 't stop and severe anxiety. It also caused my heart rate to increase. I had to be treated for dehydration and nausea as well as something to calm my heart rate. An FYI I found out the hard way that Imodium AD also has similar effects on my body. I guess I 'll try and go a more natural route.
I 'd give it a zero if I could. I went to the ER because my throat hurt so bad that it felt like fire and razor blades. This medication didn 't  'sedate ' me or ease any pain whatsoever.
Complete Brain Fog, worse than anything you can imagine, literally can 't get out of bed because of the brain damage that this drug induced on me, I feel completely literally detached from the world now, not to mention even the less serious it caused, ED, no Libido, Head Pressure, complete cognitive shift, feel like I 'm in a whole different world, NEVER TOUCH this drug EVER EVER EVER, unless your old and have nothing else to lose and don 't care about life any more. I would trade this with ANY other disease just for my brain function to come back again, I feel like I 'm in a coma, it 's absolutley frightful, everyday 24/7, it never leaves, sexual sides are a joke compared to this.
June 27th I had unprotected sex at 5am I waited til planned parent hood opened at 9 then they gave me the Ella pill I took it soon as they gave it too me..she said I had up to 5 days to take it..a week later on July 4th I had unprotected sex again &amp; I took the Ella pill cause they sent some Ella pills home with me..I haven 't seen a period in July &amp; now we are in mid August &amp; I still haven 't seen a period
My prescription was prescribed by my GP for an ear infection. After 5 days my mouth became very sore &amp; I called &amp; spoke with the nurse who said keep taking it. Keep taking it?? My mouth is on fire. The tongue, gums, roof. I quit. It is now 20 days later and my condition is the same. My dentist prescribed a mouthwash and it helps but  I am trying Biotin mouthwash now as I read online was good for this condition and it does give great relief.  I hope this helps someone else as this is not a comfortable feeling.
Dose not work only made me anxious and angry I wasted my money and my chance to not be in pain after surgery.  Stop peddling this rubbish.  All  the Dr round here  are prescribing it thanks to some pharmaceutical rep but you 're ruining people 's rights to quality of life. You know it does not work.
Two 500 mg caplets taken at a time, 4 times a day. Did not work at all for my severe pain resulting from an abscessed tooth.Only got relief when using two 500 mg caplets of Bayer aspirin.
This medication is causing intense pain in my eyes.  I would not recommend.
Took ambien with no problems. Doctor wanted me to come off ambien and try Belsomra. He gave me samples. Took a 10mg dose and it didn 't help me fall asleep or stay asleep. Up all night. Then- the weird nightmares. I had hours of vivid nightmarish dreams. Not good. Woke up exhausted. Why would anyone take this medication if it 's going to give you nightmares? I 'm already an insomniac. I don 't need nightmares and hallucinations too. Going back to ambien.
I 'm happy to see that this drug has worked for some but it certainly did not work right for me.  After the initial days getting it into my system I started crying for no reason multiple times a day.  I figured I was just getting used to it and stuck with it through the dosage increase. The following day I basically cried all day and had suicidal thoughts that I just could not seem to get out of my head.  My Dr had me stop taking it immediately and we performed a genomind DNA test to see which drugs would work for me. Vrylar showed up on the &quot;High Risk&quot; list along with a number of other anti-psychotics.  Unfortunately my list of treatment options for Bipolar I is not very long.
My insurance switched me from Junel FE to Blisovi FE. When I called and asked why it changed, I was told they were equivalent to each other and the switch was due to what the supplier had. They told me that since both pills were so similar, I shouldn 't have any changes or symptoms. I stuck it out for about 3 months, so my body would adjust to it. This BC is TERRIBLE. I rarely spot between periods but have had a chronic problem with this since I started my second pack of Blisovi. My period is also heavier than usual and I 've been feeling very lethargic. I switched off of it this week. I have been on birth control for many years and never had a reaction like this. I would not recommend it!!!
This stuff is torture!  I was coughing a little  and had some allergy congestion the pharmacist recommend this stuff.  Its 2:00 AM I took two pills at 3 in the afternoon and I have been coughing my lungs out ever since. I 'm literally coughing so hard I 'm sweating and have a headache I feel edgy and there is no hope of getting sleep tonight.
Omgosh! It burns like Hell, day one wasn 't as bad as day 2! Omgosh!
My reaction to Humira seems to be unusual. Within 2 hours of each injection I would sleep so soundly I was not wakened even by drilling in the next room. I generally wanted to do nothing but sleep for about 36 hours after each injection and overall I was unnaturally sleepy while on the medication. For the first 2 days after each injection I experienced burning joints and a flu-like feeling with more prominent pain in my lower back. The only positive symptom was experiencing less nausea than I did prior to treatment. It was a relief to stop and &quot;wake up&quot;.
Many side effects.  I have been trying to ween off this medication for over a month and have been unsuccessful.  I received no benefits from this medication.
After trying these for about 5 week 's had to go back to Dr to change. I felt worse than I 'd ever felt in my life I was so angry all the time for no reason, I cried more than I did before medicines for the first time ever I was thinking about suicide. It also gave me a massive appetite gained about ten pounds, which I didn 't need so these definitely do not work for me fingers crossed my new ones will.
My father was put on Stalevo and had to discontinue use after suffering side effects which came on after dosage was raised in succession. He has had severe side effects such as fatigue, diarrhea and he could barely function. He is no longer on the medication.
I have always had heavy and very painful periods.  After being diagnosed with endometriosis and a partial hysterectomy due to huge cysts, I was told that using this would help lessen the endometriosis.  I have been bleeding since July, 2015.  I had the IUD in August 2015, I 've bled ever since.  Instead of having my period 7 days a month, I 'm lucky to not bleed for 2 or 3 days a month.  I always have cramps.  My bleeding is not heavy, but it 's enough to have to wear a pad or a tampon constantly.  My sex life is pretty much non-existent.  It 's very frustrating.  I don 't know which is worse, having heavy painful periods or having a period that never ends.
I 'm jealous but happy for the people this medicine worked for. As for myself, I took it for about 4 months (along with Cymbalta which I 'd never taken). This combination made me crazy. At first, I didn 't want to smoke, then wanted to smoke more. Also, was convinced I could only eat chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream (Don 't even like ice cream). Gained 50 pounds before I became aware of my insanity and stopped both medicines. Hope others have better luck and it seems many of you did. 
I am just finished my 2nd week of pills, but had to go off from the medicine do to sudden severe panic attacks and hypertension. Just stopped taking them today and hoping the effects go away quickly!! Could have possibly been an allergic reaction. Also had bleeding for the entire 2 weeks so far.
I only used this medication twice. I understand that you usually need to use medication for an extended amount of time to get the full results of it, but I am not able to function with the effects of just two days. I can handle the bad taste. Yes, it is bad, but that can be dealt with. However, after using it I immediately began to feel dizzy and lightheaded. There was a pressure in my head and I felt nauseous. Every time I turned my head, I would feel very disoriented and lightheaded again. I am physically tough and can handle pain and discomfort, but there is no way I can function and work with these conditions. The more reviews I read the more I realize there seems to be way to many dangers than advantages to this medication.
As a birth control, this worked good. It did not cause me to gain weight and it helped my acne. But I had TERRIBLE mood swings. I cried a lot and the smallest of things would make me angry. This was my first time being on birth control, so I had no idea that it could have such an effective on my mood/personality. It honestly made me a different person. So I switched to Lomedia and finally felt like myself again!
Linzess 145mcg gave me explosive diarrhea for hours.  I thought I must have eaten something bad so I waited a day and took Linzess again and about 2 1/2 hours later it happened again and lasted 5 hours.  Obviously not for me.  I strongly suggest you 're at home the first time you take this just in case.
Was prescribed drug for Achilles tenditis, 500mg Naproxen twice a day with omeprazole 20 mg.  Should never have taken this as caused heartburn and stomach infection, stopped taking on second day and still have not recovered from stomach problems over 2 months later despite taking other remedies.  Disgusting drug!!!
After highly successful results (2 years relief per series) my insurance insisted on Euflexxa). Following completion of series of three shots, my previously comfortable knees are completely destroyed. My range of motion is very limited and walking long distances is painful.
Woww..  I too read the comments after the fact.. I used the 1 day monastat cream..  And omg I can 't sleep it Burns so badly that I keep running to the bathroom to wet a cool towel to put don 't there. This feeling is horrible.. And nothing on the package saying what u should do.  Please do not use..
This was the absolute wrong drug for me. Not sure why my doc put me on this as I don 't have a mood disorder I have depression and anxiety. But I got weird side effects like breathlessness, difficulty swallowing and a feeling of not being able to clear my throat - super phlegmy and I can 't get it out which actually increased my anxiety. Once I put two and two together I immediately stopped taking those pills. Not the right med for depression and anxiety.
TERRIBLE! NEVER AGAIN! I switched to this pill after being in the mini pill because I stopped breastfeeding. This was the worst mistake ever! Since being on this pill (for 6 weeks) I 've gained 10 lbs, I 'm so increadibly moody that I 'm constantly fed up with everyone/crying/stressed to the point I can 't handle basic every day things without breaking down... My skin looks horrible, I never have acne, and my face, back &amp; chest are covered... I wouldn 't recommend this to my worst enemy...
They have changed the formula. Burns like hell. Currently 3am. I have to get up in 2 and a half hours to work 15 hours. My 3rd application of the 3 day and it just as bad if not worse than the 1st night. I will NEVER purchase this again. This did not burn when I took it years ago, and after seeing these reviews, clearly something is wrong. I read in the pamphlet that it may burn, but that doesn 't make it okay.
It was a miracle pill for 2 weeks, I felt completely normal for the first time in 15 years. After 2 weeks I began to have neck stiffness, insomnia, suicidal thoughts and became very manic.
I have been diagnosed with cervical distonia and was given the botox injections and it has been10 days and I cannot bend my neck to even eat! I need to know what I can do about it! What other treatments are they?
I have chronic constipation. I am trying any thing and everything to have a bowel movement. Dulcolax did nothing for me. Very disappointing.
Have taken this tablet on 2 different occasions. Both times does not work for periods. I have horrible pains and i feel that this tablet does nothing at all. Id recommend something stronger for those who dont get mild cramps.
At first (2 months in) it was fine no bleeding nothing. After.those two months, my periods started lasting longer and longer to up to 3 months long at a time. I hate everything about it. I 'm gaining weight my acne is at its worst point and I have zero sex drive. I hate my life. Its living he 'll. My cramps are so bad that I 'm crying on my bed all day. Its a stabbing pain!! Honestly pregnacy sounds a lot easier than this.. The birth control ends up not being the stick in your arm but the person you become, from your looks to your personality. STAY AWAY FROM THIS.
This is HORRIBLE tasting!!  Unfortunately, I did not investigate the solution ahead of time to arm myself with lemon wedges and Jolly Ranchers.  - Major mistake on my part.  Awful - Awful - Awful!!  
I took Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo for a year and gained 15 lbs on my 5 '1 normally 105 frame. I am 19 and run 50-70 miles a week for track and cross country. I knew there was something wrong, as before I would lose up to 10 lbs during the season. I told my doctor I thought the weight gain was due to the pills, but she insisted it wasn 't. As soon as I got off of OTCL, (became single and didn 't need it) I lost those 15 lbs in 3 weeks and shocked my doctor. The pill definitely can, and was, the reason for weight gain. At least I never became pregnant. I have switched to Apri since and I hope I don 't go through the same again, anyone have any stories about their experiences with Apri?
Made me sleep constantly. Did not stop spasms or pain
I took 3 doses of levaquin and stopped it. I now have joint pain, constant tendonitis and vision problems.  I hold Drs accountable for all of the damage done by this class of drug. For God 's sake levaquin is used to treat anthrax infections, it should NOT be used for ear infections, UTIs or sinus infections. It should only be used if the other option is death. I 'm serious, if you have a life threatening infection, use it because you have nothing to lose from it but otherwise never take it.
I had pneumonia &amp; had been sick for 2 weeks. The Dr. had prescribed another antibiotic &amp; steroids first.  When I wasn 't better, the Dr. prescribed Levaquin. The first day was ok, just really tired. The second day I started having joint pain &amp; my ribs were really hurting (not from coughing)&amp; still really exhausted. By the third day I could barely walk because of my knees being so swollen &amp; painful &amp; hard to breathe because of the rib pain. Called the Dr. &amp; he said to get off of it &amp; come in for blood tests. I have been off of it for almost 2 weeks &amp; still can barely walk &amp; the ribs are still really sore. After reading the rest of the stories, it makes me very angry that this drug and it 's family is still out there to harm people. RIDICULOUS!
In bed 24 hours severe pain head to toe blurred vision vomiting light sensitive extreme this all happened on the day that I took imdur - I 'm taking 30 milligrams the next day I was in bed till about 2 I felt 75% better did not take imdur called the doctor and told them what was going on would not recommend this medication to my worst enemy
This product did not work for me I still live in pain in my knees give out all the time.
As a pregnant, working mom of a toddler, this medicine is my enemy.  I would rather feel the nausea than feel like I can 't lift my head off of the pillow.  I have taken just one before bed a few nights in the last week and each time I do, I feel like I have the worst hangover the next day.  I can 't function.  I don 't recommend to anyone unless they have their entire pregnancy to hibernate.
DON 'T GET IT!!!! It is horrible. I had it put in 8 weeks after my daughter was born, I have had it in for 5 weeks and can 't get it out soon enough. I 'm actually on the phone now scheduling it. My mood swings and anxiety have been unmanageable. I feel bad for my husband who 's getting the brunt of it, it 's uncontrollable. I don 't feel like myself. I also have been bleeding non stop for over 3 weeks and have been gaining weight in my stomach and never had these  issues before with birth control. I hate how I feel and would not recommend this to anyone.
Hi I am a 35 yo with one child and a tubal ligation.  I have had the Mirena almost two years. I have it in place due to bleeding cause from my fibroids. I was bleeding 20 days a month. Initially I was grateful to have a normal cycle. As time progresses I have started spotting for 5 day then bleeding heavy with cramping. I have a foul odor and back pain keep getting Antibiotics and it goes away while taking them then comes back a few days later. I have been very uncomfortable, acne, bloating, and Moody. I don 't like it and it has to go. It does not effect women the same but consider alternative options before choosing this one.
I took 2 pills at 3:00pm and fell asleep just woke up at 10:00pm. I still have a fever and coughing intensely. Did not work for me at all.
Had the this coil fitted 31.8.2017. 1st period 16.9.2017 and still bleeding so frustrating no sex drive low in moods. Not pleased its very misleading.  Should have stuck with copper coil.
Ineffective for me, but no side effects.
I have been so ill for days I get sick a lot so I tried to brush it off but it&rsquo;s to the point I was considering going to the hospital. I&rsquo;m vomiting so bad it&rsquo;s painful. I think about recently being prescribed this med and notice that oh it&rsquo;s this damn pill that has me so violently ill. I&rsquo;m still vomiting violently that&rsquo;s not even right.  Omg someone save me  lol also tired achy skin blisters feel off like speedy light headed. Def no longer taking them
I got viberzi and took 2 pills a day 75 mg....I took them for  2 weeks and had to stop. I couldn 't have a  bowel movement...I woke up one Sunday morning at 4 am and my stomache felt like a volcano. Finally I had a bowel movement and it felt like I lost 20 pounds... It didn 't work for me because you cannot go that long without a bowel movement. I Got this medicine for IBS and diarrhea..It stopped the diarrhea and stopped all bowel movement..I literally thought I was going to die because my stomache was hurting so bad. I was hoping this medicine would work but it didn 't...
Used this med for my last two pregnancies under doctors med advice. Hated it! All I could do while on this med was sleep. I felt high all the time and my doctor didn 't seem to believe me. Maker claims it doesn 't effect the baby however I 'm not convinced. Only time I felt any baby movement was when I stop taking the medication. When I discontinued to use it I felt as if I was having withdrawals and was forced to continue it. I have four living children of which 2 of them I took zofran for nausea and they were all born healthy. The last 2 pregnancies both ended up in losses. Both had all the genetic testing normal. 1 was 13 wks the other 21 wks. I learned this drug was removed from mrkt for its dangers &amp; reintroduced with minor changes made.
Started Metronidazole 500mg (prescribed twice a day for 7 days) after testing positive for bacterial vaginitis. I took one dose at 11 am and the second dose at 11 pm. About an hour later I noticed my arms were turning a bit red and then I started itching on my back and then my chest. I looked in the mirror and I have these welts. They itch a lot and my throat is burning and I have a bit of a headache and my eyelids feel heavy. I took two Benadryl hoping the redness and itchiness doesn 't get worse.  I will stop taking it and call my doctor. I hope I 'm not having an allergic reaction.
Non-professional concern that Idaho Hick 's reaction is close enough to symptoms of acute angle glaucoma, potentially caused by the drops, to warrant further investigation, but my experience is increased blurred vision that continues 18 hours the ophthalmologist appointment, and a physiologically depressed heaviness.  Reported to doctors but they are unconcerned.
I 'm 47 and have severe insomnia associated with Young Onset Parkinson 's. Normally I take stilnox/Ambien nightly for sleep but recently I went through a 2 month period when the Ambien was not working effectively so my doctor gave me this stuff...It gave me the worst, most vivid nightmares I can ever remember having. Thankfully the Ambien is back to working so I won 't be taking this horrendous stuff ever again.....If you have Parkinson 's, I would definitely just say no to seroguel as I have talked to several other Parkinson 's patients that have had a bad time with it.
I just got off of this medication after taking it for 1 yr. Sure it keeps depression at bay, but I  experienced some horrible side effects that my doctor didn 't even warn me about! I gained 80 lbs in 1 yr on this med. I went from being a healthy 170 lbs (women 's size 12) to a lethargic 250 lbs (size 20). All I wanted to do on this medicine was eat. Another side effect was that I was tired all the time. I would sleep for 14 hours and still be tired.This medication also raised my blood sugar and my general practitioner was ready to put me on medication for type 2 diabetes. I 'm only 25 and just want to be healthy again. So glad I got off this medication. Been off it for 5 days (now on Viibryd) and already feel a million percent better!
Was good the first week helped me sleep well woke up fine then the 2nd week I woke up feeling like I was having a panic attack and then felt so sleepy I was scared their was something wrong with me and was not feeling right at all and woke up with headaches and feeling groggy all day .. horrible won 't take it again.
I was given the 40 mcg injections. Like other people posted I got up in about 5 minutes. But when it came to performance, I went soft after inserting into my girlfriend. This is a big disappointment to her &amp; makes her feel unwanted. She is very close to leaving me because I can 't be a man in bed.
OMG - This stuff took about 1.5 hours to kick in.  The 1st - three movements were ok.  BUT, they have not stopped since and have become violent in nature.  We are 16 hours into this butt explosive nightmare.   I would highly NOT recommend this product to anyone.   Nor will I buy it again.   HORRIBLE - yes HORRIBLE
I 've been on this medication for 3 months and I thought my side effects would get better as time went on, when in reality it 's only gotten worse. I feel nauseous everyday, I don 't ever want to eat, my doctor told me to take it with protein but every time I eat I feel even worse. I 've been losing sleep every night from feeling so sick in my stomach, I feel really depressed and my anxiety is through the roof! My follow up appointment is in a few days, I cannot wait to get off of this!
Terrible drug.   Made me pee every 90 mins, which is not good as I am  a driver on the road all day.  Constant back pain.  Having to get to 2/3 times during the night to go to toilet, causing lack of sleep.      Negatives far outweigh positives.  I stopped taking it after 3 months.
This medicine is like playing a game. &quot;Side effect Roulette&quot;. It is a quality of life issue. Yes, it may extend your life, but it makes you misearble while you are getting there. Hot Flashes, Severe Sweating, Insomnia, Severe Constipation, NO Menstrual Periods, it has stopped it completely, Bone Pain, Light Headness, unsteadiness, nausea....I fear what I am going to experience next. This constipation HAS to go.
The time I was on Trinessa was horrible. I had major mood swings, lost a lot of weight, got really depressed and felt like a total different person. I also got migraines once a week from the start of the pill until I finally decided on changing it.
It 's 2:45 am, I only Wish I could experience these odd dreams everyone 's talking about... it 's day one of this garbage antibiotic. I can not sleep, I feel like I did 50 lines of coke, I 'm sweating, and my mother tastes like a change dispenser.  Couldn 't pay me to take a second dose, let alone 7 more days of this.  No way.  Calling Dr in the am for different antibiotic.  This one is not worth it.  I 'm feeling very jittery and agitated. And the taste in my mouth is disgusting.
Used 2 bottles of Jublia. Seemed to be working. Then developed very bad side effects. 4 months have passed and I still have the side effects with no improvement. Weeping blisters and rash. Also was not told that it was to be used for 48 weeks.
Well I 've been taking depakote 250mg twice a day with citalpram 25mg for 10+ years.  It has worked genius for me.  Love it. Here recently, the last month or so it 's working so well.  Tried taking Carbamazepine and it through me for a loop.  I had suicidal thoughts again, I broke out in rashes on my shoulders and arms, my face would get flushed and I started my cycle 2 weeks early.  Which my Dr then immediately took me off of it 4 that last reason.   I wanted a bump up from my 500mg so that 's why she prescribed me that. Two 300mg pills a day along with my citalpram.  My dr said alot of her patients love it.   I did not!   Lol. I told her I took one for the team.  Now on to try something else.  Shit.  BTW I 'm 35.
My doctor diagnoses me with dry eye. Been using them 1 month. My eyes are worse.From day 1, the drops burn, and make my eyes itch something terrible.  Itching stops about 15 min after each use.  These symptoms have not decreased in intensity in 30 days.By day 4 on the drops I can 't wear contacts.  Within 2 hours of putting the contacts in (daily moist contacts) my eyes are so dry the contacts either blink out or crumble into a folded mess inside my eye &amp; get stuck under my upper eyelid.  First day of use I waited the 15 min recommended after putting the drops in, 2nd day waited an 1 hour &amp;  3rd day waited 2 hours after the drops but nothing works.
Worst experience ever! Doctor says to push through nausea...yeah not happening! Vomitting violently 20-30mins after taking one 5mg pill!! Nausea, dizziness and many other symptoms worse throughout the week. On day 6 and giving up now. Never have I been so violently sick (vomit) in my whole life! I would NOT recommend to anyone! 
Got a Mirena IUD...6 months later had to have a new one put in because it moved...during the six months there was abnormal bleeding and pain all the time. Had a second one put in and exactly two years to the day I had an ovarian cyst burst on my right ovary, recovered from that and 3 months later which ended up being my next &quot;cycle&quot; my right ovary was in extreme pain. Just had that one taken out and on Levora now. 
All the reviews are correct wish I wld have read it before I bought it
I tried taking Pristiq for 6 days.  The side effects were so bad I could not function.  I could not work, eat, or sleep and felt nauseous. My vision was blurry. My mouth was so dry and my appetite was non existent.  I only weigh 111 lbs and I do not need to miss a meal.  I have stopped taking this medication.  I was taking 50mg and this is the first medicine I have ever taken for depression. 
I 've only been on it for less then a week and it Has been horrific!  Like truly a nightmare.   I 'm nauseous all the time.   I haven 't really eaten anything since I started it.  I 've suffered random headaches,  extreme depression and anxiety.   I want to rip it off but my period was short and pleasant and I 've only had it on for 4 agonizing horrible days.    I wonder if it gets better?
2 year old had a coughing spell for about 45 minutes. Gave him water, and a few sips of apple juice. (Thinking he may have just been a little dry mouth/throat). After that, I decided to give him a 1/2 tsp of dimetapp as he was still coughing. 15 mins later he started seeing bugs. This went on from 2:a.m. til 5:a.m. He was inconsolable and hysterical.  Don 't recommend this for any child.
I was prescribed Luvox for anxiety and panic attacks.  Initially Luvox just made me tired.  After about 2 weeks it started making me feel depressive.  Continued taking it for about 2 months, the depressive symptoms only got worse.  I had to discontinue medication because it caused depression for me.  Did not help for anxiety or panic at all.  When tapering off I suffered severe nausea and headaches.  Didn 't work and has bad side effects.
Had little effect on Benign Prostate Hyperplasia symptoms.Dosage 1mg at night.
The side effects of this medication far outweighed any benefits.  I honestly didn 't notice any decrease in migraines or other types of headaches.  Besides that, I couldn 't eat a thing (lost tons of weight), my face felt numb, my hands and feet tingled, and I was so tired during the day that I found it impossible to be productive at work.  Plus it makes you forget words!  I know another girl at work who went on this and she 's fine!  I guess I just couldn 't tolerate it.  My doctor ended up putting me on Cymbalta and it prevented migraines for me.  Cymbalta is a great antidepressant because it has given me no side effects whatsoever!  And normally I get the sexual side effects from them (I 've tried a lot).
Didn 't like this pill at all!! Made my anxiety and depression increase a lot. I was sad and emotional all the time. Only on it for 1 month and I couldn 't take it any longer so my doctor recommended i switch. Thank god I did!
Didn 't make me tired at all.  About 20 min after taking it the horrible taste kicked in. Water doesn 't even taste good. It 's awful. 
My doctor put me on this because my nose gets stuffy when I lay down and they didn 't want me using Afrin. I 've been on Flonase almost a week and I notice no difference. Sprayed each nostril every night....nose still stuffy. I can 't sleep and it 's going on 3am and I have to be up at 7. Nothing clears my nose as good as Afrin but it 's bad for continuous use. So this stuff doesn 't work.
WOW, I just blew $350 today. I have Advanced Sleep-Wake Disorder. Fall asleep early, wake up before midnight, say 3 hours sleep at best over one year. SO, doctor said Belsomra was a good med so I got my 30 day supply.  Well, asleep at 7PM and awake at 10:25 PM... Couldn 't tell I even took the pill since I have no trouble falling asleep, just can 't stay asleep and wake up like somebody slapped me... Geesh, I don 't even have some of the silly side effects mentioned either... I 'll try it for a week, then my wife says out comes the skillet.  I don 't see this medication doing anything, probably end up making me more awake....
I switched to this from Junel Fe because I was hoping to help my acne and weight gain (gained 10 pounds on Junel). I only took the pill for five days but had to leave work early two days and went straight to bed by 6pm every night due to a severe headache and overall feeling of lethargy and dizziness. I felt short of breath by day two and it remained until I quit taking the pill. I also had extreme anxiety. I got severe allergy type symptoms by day two and felt feverish. I stopped taking Yaz yesterday and already feel better. No headache today, no feverish feeling, no anxiety. still congested but no feeling short of breath anymore. I also noticed that I gained 2 pounds in the week I was on Yaz. Yikes! I have not changed my diet at all.
Too many side effects for a drug that didn 't help me sleep.
I 'm a paraplegic and was on pain meds for the first few years after my accident but I 'd been off for many years. I 'd been put back on pain meds, methadone, for joint pain, back and neck pain. While it has cut the pain you DO NOT WANT TO BE ON THIS unless you have no other option. The withdrawal is long, muscle spasms, thoughts of dying, cramps, night sweats, etc. It also caused fluid retention in my legs and abdomen while taking it along with MANY other side effects.
I had my Implanon inserted June of this year. I bleed non stop. Since I was put on Implanon I 've had really bad anxiety and my sex drive has gone down. I have very painful menstrual cramps which I can 't even stand straight. I 'm getting it removed in two weeks.
I have been on minocycline for around 3 weeks. In my 1st week I felt fine and saw some improvement on my face and back. For about three days in my 2nd week I had bloating, gas, nausea, and generally just had a upset stomach. I also had a breakout on the side of my chin where I 've never broken out before. Come week 3 I have noticed all my existing pimples starting to heal and disappear as well as no new pimples however my back and shoulders have gotten worse. My stomach has also started bugging me again. In general I am happy with the results I see on my face but not so much my back and shoulders. However I am contemplating discontinuing use and seeking alternative treatment from my doctor. To me the discomfort from the side effects is too much.
This birth control seemed fine at first, but 10 days into it I started feeling not like myself--bad mood swings, feeling breathless or winded even when sitting, my blood pressure would spike for no reason, and I felt extremely sluggish.  One day I even had mild heart attack symptoms.  My body definitely did not react well to this medication.
Had been taking Atripla for 6yrs w/out ANY side-effects. Doctor retired and new doc suggested i switch to Genvoya as he said the risk of liver damage was greater w/ Atripla. I switched.  ALL OF THE FOLLOWING issues began occurring within the past 6mths. However, none of these symptoms were ever attributed to my Genvoya ... until now.* Numbness in my left arm and hand. So much so that I sought advice of a neurologist.* Difficulty swallowing. PAINFUL!!! It feels like my esophagus just STOPS and won 't push the food down. Upper GI scope found nothing.* EXTREMELY and easily irritated/agitated* Nervousness / anxiety* Frequent sudden mood swingsThe last 3 issues drove me and my loved ones crazy. I was NOT myself.
My cardiologist took me off Lipitor 2 weeks ago-my cholesterol is great after being on a low carb diet. Previously my body was covered in bruises at all times which I had attributed to other medicines(Plavix and aspirin) I Just realized I am bruise free for the first time in over a year. Conclusion: it was the Lipitor causing the problem. 
I took alli for 2 days and now I pee blood so bad I am so scared , I stop taking it right away, will not take it again
Day 1 so far not feeling anything different besides tired right now. I have major depression never been on medication for depression before.  I am gonna write a review the next couple days so people can understand what to expect from it.
I 'd get a mild headache within fifteen minutes of taking this and the intensity of the pain depended on the dosage.
I took this medication as directed as preparation for a colonoscopy.  It did not work.
I recently had child number two at age 22 so I dicided to try a new for of birth control was on the pill for two years but got pregnant on it so I got the shot on November 18 and started bleeding on December 1 and it now December 6 and I am still bleeding I am a bit worried seeing that its my first time on the shot I have a little mood swing and lost of energy and lost of appetite. I don 't think I will get another shot if the bleeding doesn 't stop soon and the cramps r painful. I got the shot cause I was told there would be no period and I am still bleeding
I was very ill on methotrexate for 10 weeks, nauseous,weak,pain in my chest. I was told I would get used to the side effects. After 10 weeks in ended up in ER vommiting blood requiring blood transfusions. Methotrexate was very dangerous for me and has destroyed my stomach. I found minocin very helpful until I pulled out infected root canal.... Instant relief. No pains now.
At the end of the first month my period was very heavy. My bleeding was still very heavy after day six of my period. I am now very worried and if my period continues l will remove the device when l go for my six weeks check up. This is an unexpected experience and l am not happy with the Mirena device at this stage. As l type this message l am still bleeding. What an awful experience.
Trouble sleeping,stomach pain,headache,constipation,fever,
Only been on it for a week and am feeling extremely miserable. It 's hard to describe but the only effect it has had is a couple hours after I take it I get this unbearable mental discomfort where I feel both exhausted and restless at the same time. It 's driving me crazy! Other than that, it 's had no other effect, positive or negative.
Taking this medicine is like taking speed ?Totally shaking and can 't sleep heart racing and just plain miserable?  Don 't get it 
This medication was/is horrible.  I have been on every medication in the book.  My doctor decided that it would be a good switch from cybalta (120).  I was taking it for major depression/anxiety as well as back pain.  I am in a very advanced anatomy class and my anxiety went up.  This is not unusual for me, as I have a general anxiety disorder....My doctor pushed me to try brintellix to help with my cognition.  I took for two weeks (making my way up to 20 mg), and have been miserable.  Crying, unbelievable anxiety, throwing up, no sex drive.  Today I had enough.  I told my doctor I was done with it.  It has been a terrible experience.
I have been on Taytulla for about 2 weeks. I had Nexplanon, which I loved but caused ovarian cysts so I had to get it removed. Since getting nexplanon removed, I haven 't had a period, so they put me on taytulla to try and get my body back into the rhythm of things. Ever since taking this BC I have had headaches, extreme nausea, double vision, depression, anxiety, terrible cramps, and I got a yeast infection, which turned to a bacterial infection, I am breaking out like crazy. I called my OB today see if they couldn 't send in another birth control to my pharmacy, they told me basically to suck it up and after 3 MONTHS the side effects would diminish, needless to say I quit taking 2 days ago and still have side effects, please take w/ caution!!
Have had chronic insomnia for 10 years. Had always Ambien. Great drug. Worked great no side effects.Went to a new doctor and he gave me these pills, awful!!!!!! Does not work and feel awful the next day. They should be banned!!!! Haven 't slept a wink in 5 nights now!!!
My periods were fine. I was ovulating, had normal blood flow, slightly heavy cramps. I started this pill for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome symptoms. While it did clear up my skin a little, it has made me borderline suicidal. Within 3 days I started hating people, crying at the drop of a hat, becoming irrationally angry, entertaining thoughts of suicide and becoming severely depressed. I would be losing weight since I have no appetite, except I 'm so bloated it doesn 't matter. 
Had a constant yeast infection and 3 urinary tract infections in the two months I was on it. I was so thirsty, I would drink a gallon of water at work. I urinated every 20 minutes. My bladder was sore if my belly was touched. I really tried and wanted this to work. I did lose about 12 pounds and had energy. But I was depressed from constant &quot;female Issues&quot;. It just got worse and worse. I took myself off this pill and am back on Metformin XR. Waiting to see my doc for the next plan of attack. This did not work for me.
I started the patch on Friday.I felt fine Friday night, I woke up Saturday morning and felt okay, as the day progressed, my nausea got worse. Woke up Sunday feeling okay but around 11pm the nausea came back, I had a headache and my saliva was really thick. I went to bed that night feeling horrible not getting much sleep. Monday I woke up feeling extremely lethargic, I ended up having to leave work early because I thought I was going to pass out. I went home and slept most of the day, Tuesday morning spent by the toilet and called my doctor. Who told me to take it off if it continued, I just took it off 30 minutes ago and I already feel better.
I have been on opioids for about 5 plus years for chronic pains... After a couple of years of using miralax(joke), and several herbal blends and stool softeners.... I asked my dr for help... He gave me Linzess 290mcg ... I 've been taking it on an empty stomach in the mornings for 2 weeks, and I haven 't even noticed I 've taken anything... Except for a little bloating.Linzess should NOT be given for OIC (opiod indused constipation) As it is useless. I will be asking for something else... Maybe relistor? It has preloaded injectables now.Has anyone had any experience with it? I 'm desperate!!!! The worse my constipation the worse my body pains are. I 'm convinced it 's related. I have fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, neuromyofascial pain,etc.
I tried the free 2 week supply of Belviq. I did not notice a thing. It did notcurve my appetite.  I kept waiting but I did not lose any weight. It costs over 200 dollars for 30 day supply.
Day two... I have taken 2 gel caps and it has not helped. Itchy roof of mouth. Unable to breathe through my nose, it is completely stopped up. Symptoms are worse than yesterday. Eyes are red, itchy and teary. I a cannot sleep. I do not recommend.
This medicine gave my 7 year old and his schoolmate a serious case of the Hives. If this happens to you, stop taking it and Benadryl will counteract the Hives.
I 've had Mirena for 4 years now. I have managed to have one if not two periods every month. I spot for several days every time I have sex. My PMS has gotten worse. Thank goodness my fiance loves me because I flip out on him once a month. I accuse him of neglect, cheating, lying, etc. And I know better. I do not recommend this product.
I 've been on this birth control for 3 months. It 's making me crazy. My periods have been 10x worse than they were before I got on the pill and they were bad! I stay home from school every time I 'm on it because I can 't handle them and I get horrible headaches while I 'm on my period. My acne has been getting a bit worse but I hear it gets better after 3 months? I am going to stick with it for another month and see how it goes but let 's just say it 's hell right now.
So I 've had the birth control for almost a year now and at first I liked it. I wasn 't getting my periods, and now I 'm a mess, I 'm emotional over nothing most of the time and get mad so quick and I 'm not like that at all. Lately I have been having discharge. It a light cream color and itching like crazy . I don 't get my periods still I just have the after math of them. (the brown ending) but wait there is more. I 'm nauseous and dizzy constantly. And I have also noticed a &quot;fishy&quot; smell. I figured it was a yeast infection but they don 't smell. I have been with the same guy for 5 months and have had 6  partners. I didn 't have any of this wrong with me until I got this birth control. Definitely having it taken out.
After taking doxycycline for a while, my body became resistant to it, so my dermatologist switched me to Keflex for acne. I think I had at least five bowel movements the first day. Eventually, my digestive system became somewhat regular, but then I started getting headaches on a regular basis. It cleared up my acne somewhat, but it was definitely not worth all the side effects. 
The first day, I experienced some nausea. Now? I have a sore in my mouth that popped up out of nowhere and one side of my bottom lip is swollen. I 'm so sick that I can 't eat anything and have zero appetite. I keep getting the shakes and chills that weren 't there before starting it. I suffer from anxiety and anxiety is a common side effect with this medication - so now my anxiety is through the roof and it 's also caused severe insomnia. I 'm constipated, have terrible muscle spasms and cramps in my legs. I 've never had an issue with a sulfa drug before but after this I will definitely not take one ever again. It 's not worth the side effects/allergic reaction
I was prescribed Zyban by my physician to aid in quitting smoking. I was super excited to get it because I would finally get the help I needed to kick the habit for good. I read some awesome reviews and was confident this would be it.I was instructed to take one a day for the first few days and then begin taking one twice a day.  I felt ok at first but once I started taking two a day I began to experience side effects.  Headaches, waking up feeling hungover, extreme nausea, confusion and fogginess, muscle tenderness and definite weakness... almost as if my brain was telling me I couldn 't move if I tried and I became literally too lazy to try. I was super disappointed, it just wasn 't for me. 
I was on Sprintec for just over a week, back in February, and I had the worse allergic reaction ever. I had very bad abdominal pain to the point I couldn 't move and had to go to the ER, due to not knowing what was wrong. They attempted a pelvic exam and couldn 't even do that because it was so painful due to inflammation in the lower area. This is the first birth control I 've ever been on and I 'm honestly afraid to try another one.
My 16 month old daughter was prescribed this for an ear infection, her first ear infection ever. She 's never been on antibiotics before. This drug is tearing up her insides. We 're on day four of ten and I 'm not giving it to her anymore. Going to the dr today for other options. She 's been crying, screaming, writhing with stomach pain and I feel like the cure is FAR worse than the ear infection!!! Wish I 'd known how strong it was before I picked it up. Horrible!!!
Genuinely hate this medicine! The side effects of dry mouth and a terrible taste (even though pills are coated) make it impossible not to drink extra water.  Drinking extra water caused me to wake to pee in the middle of the night every night. One night I was so groggy &amp; out of it - feeling really drugged - I fell and hit my head, shoulder &amp; elbow. In the week I took Lunesta, I never got more than 4-5 hours sleep &amp; each night to use the bathroom.  My sleep tracker showed little REM. Dry mouth was constant day &amp; night. I never woke refreshed once &amp; always felt like I had a residual &ldquo;hangover&rdquo; of a drugged feeling in the AM. I took Lunesta because Ambien seemed to stop working for me. I took it years ago &amp; couldn&rsquo;t remember why I disliked it.
I have been taking vimpat with topimax for over 6 months and it 's terrible. It makes me nauseas, I feel high after taking it, i have double vision, and it hasn 't even touched my seizures. It 's been causing severe depression as well. My doctor just keeps increasing the topimax.
It doesn 't work. Waste of money. I should have gone for the generic brand. It said just one spray but I do 3 sprays and still doesn 't work. I like the new flavor though but it says to spit out after 15 seconds. Sometimes I accidentally swallow some. Hope it 's not dangerous.
I tried this drug as part of a clinical trial for my 9 year old son. On the second night of taking the medicine he woke up having an over 7 minute seizure and stopped breathing during one of the clusters. His seizures were lasting 1 to 2 minutes prior and he has never stopped breathing. I had to call 911 which I 've never had to do before. It was very scary. We have dropped out of the trial. I 'm disappointed I was hoping this would help us as well as others.
I 've had nexplanon for a little over 2 months now and I 'm almost 4 months postpartum. The past two months have been the worst. I 'm always moody, can 't control my attitude. The bleeding has been horrible and basically nonstop. In two months I have gone a total of 4 days without bleeding. I went through a pack and a half of pads in a week. Dropped from a size 14 to a size 9 in a week cause I had no will to eat. My arm burns at random. I have developed random numbness in my arm and the occasional chest pain along with a constant headache. I go the 29th for a consultation about having it removed. I would honestly rather swap to a different birth control and take my chances with getting pregnant again then stay on this.
I 've had terrible,recurrent thrush for about a year. My doctor isn 't overly intersted,kept just giving me Canestan pessaroes and creams.I tried Fluconozole but it made my thursh even worse.I 'm miserable with it. Trying diet,lifestyle and going back to the doctor.  Here 's hoping it clears up. Wish the same for everyone else struggling with it too.
I 'm very frustrated.  I gained so much weight on Seroquel, but felt great.  But, I continued to gain weight so switched to Latuda.  I 'm miserable.  I cannot sleep, which of course makes everything worse. I 've tried it for a week and am having to switch back now. I hope I can find something eventually that helps me sleep and feel stable, but I don 't gain weight.
Please run from this drug...few of my side effects: Insomnia, Racing Heartbeat, Hallucination, delusions, Psychosis, Paranoid, Stomach pain,
In 1 week I had Joint pain, back pain, confusion, mood swings, loss of vision, panic attacks, out of body sensations.Doctor asked me to describe exactly why I wanted off of this medicine:  Best way I can describe it is.. &quot;it 's like I 'm taking poison&quot;.No joke.  Beware.
Absolutely horrible drug. Complete poison. I was given this five years ago for endometriosis. Did absolutely nothing for it, but u had all the horrible side effects. Five years later I 'm still dealing with side effects of this drug. Bone loss, bone pain (to the point of just waking down the street sometimes it feels like my legs are going to break. My teeth are literally just shattering eating bread. My dentist looked at my records then said wet need to talk. This is what he said. &quot;Five years ago you didn 't have anything wrong with your front teeth at all. You see this (pointing to the exrays) this is all bone loss. This doesn 't just happen, it can 't. This takes years and year and years to happen.&quot; DON 'T TAKE IT!!!
I was on sprintec for about 3 years and felt absolutely nothing during intercourse which made me depressed. I would tell my doctors but they were no help whatsoever. They never told me it was the pill that was the problem, which it was!
I have had abdominal cramps, and many of the side effects that are listed on the previous screen concerning this medication. And my Doctor prescribed this?? I 'm going to ask my doctor if I can stop this medication, maybe after some blood work. I was amazed at the number of side effects I 'm having because of this drug. No wonder!!
Paragard failed me twice now. I had my first Paragard in Jan 2013. Thanksgiving 2014 I found out I was pregnant. For the next few weeks, my family and my life was turned upside down. Ending in miscarriage.  I foolishly agreed to another Paragard because I can 't take hormones. After a routine work physical that included an ultrasound, it was found that the it had relocated to the bottom of my uterus - again. I am diligent in checking my strings and even had the strings checked by my GYN multiple times since it was placed. I had an ultrasound at the time it was placed. Everything looked fine. Still waiting to make sure I 'm not pregnant. I advise if you get one, get ultrasounds regularly to make sure it hasn 't moved.
I got my Implanon in on June 6th, 2010 and I did not have a period until August and then the period lasted until the end of November. 4 months. It is now August and I have been on my period since the middle of May. I have also lost up near 25/30 pounds while I have had this birth control. 
I have been on bactrim for the last 3 days and on the fourth pill and its done nothing for me
I do not recommend this pill for anyone in June I started the pill I was only on the pill for 1 week and I collapsed out of nowhere so I went to the hospital and found out I had blood clots in my lungs. I have no history in my family of blood clots and I 've never had blood clots before the hospital even said it was from the birth control now I 'm on blood thinners for 6 months. Terrible medicine
I took the recommended dosage of Delsym and it went in my mouth and set my throat on fire I have never felt pain like that I couldn 't sleep at all I sat up all night crying I 've never felt pain like that from a cough medicine or so-called cough medicine
I was prescribed this medication for anxiety and it did not help at all.
I got my first shot April 28th 2015. My period was supposed to come May 10th and didn 't.. It was a week late and I 've been bleeding and spotting ever since. I have bad mood swings and get mad over absolutely nothing. I get cramps all day every day and it 's it so horrible. It 's been almost 3 straight weeks of bleeding sometimes heavily and other times just spotting. I don 't know if it even protects against pregnancy because you can 't have sex if you 're constantly bleeding! I would NOT recommend this to anyone, ever.  I have an appointment with my ob/gyn on Tuesday so I hope there is some kind of solution since I have to ride this out til the end of next month!
I was prescribed 15mg, as needed once a day, for pain and inflamation due to sciatica. I feel it does nothing.
Hell.They won 't tell you about the risk of &quot;rebound effect&quot; until after you tell them you want to quit.Oh yeah, I 'm constantly getting checked for HPV, even though I was vaccinated against it and have been testing negative (for HPV) for over 5 yrs. but thats the least of your worries compared to what else it does to your immune system. They want to have you on it until (if your lucky) you test positive for the JC virus,and take u off ASAP.Otherwise, you 'll go unnoticed and risk a brain infection, but it gets worse, they 've implied that even while testing negative for the JC virus you could still wind up with &quot;pml? Pll?&quot; ( I forget the acronym) but in short your actually risking your life or have &quot;permanent disability&quot;from this horrible drug
In April and then May of 2015 I began having heavy periods. In May I bled from the 5th to the 22nd, stopped for 2 days then started again on the 24th. After going to the doc I was told it was nearing its expiration date (had it since June 2010). Was finally able to have it removed in July  2015. A week or so later I began bleeding heavily. I passed clots that ranged in size from half dollars to tennis balls; one so large I had to look in toilet to make sure I hadn 't just had a baby!! The clots have somewhat lessened but the bleeding is still heavy. I get dizzy, feel drained, and lose a lot of hair. Currently, I began bleeding on January 19th, today is February 21st and I 'm still bleeding. I do not recommend the Mirena to anyone!
Cerebral palsy - frequent urge to urinate small amounts. This pill did not help at all
I 'm 17 and recently had my first OBGYN appointment where I was informed I had a yeast infection my doctor prescribed an oral pill that didn 't work so my step mother recommended and bought miconazole 1 day treatment and I can honestly say from the second of insertion which I did right before attempting to sleep till still right now about 7 hours later this is the most pain I have ever been in ever which is rare because my pain tolerance is high. Right after insertion till around 30 minutes after it felt like someone shot me in the vagina I couldn 't move at all because then the metaphorical million knives stabbing my vagina would double eventually I got use to it enough to close my legs but it is still not much better don 't buy this product!!
The first month was awful with it. I was so moody! But the following months it was okay. I 've been on it almost a year and it has become a nightmare. My periods get heavier each month, I have absolutely NO sex drive, and I 've never been depressed or had anxiety, but this definitely has made me depressed. My husband and I almost split because of my mood swings. Needless to say, I 'm getting off of it. I 'll try something else.
My daughter was diagnosed with narcolepsy when she was 12.  Severe and accompanied by cataplexy, hallucinations in REM within 90 seconds, all facets of sleep disorders seemed concentrated in her young body.  She never got to drive a car. Narcolepsy dictated her quality of life.  On methylphenidate, which increases heart rate, for 27 years, she convinced her Dr to help her get in a sodium oxybate program. Sodium oxy dosage increased  per instructions over time, had delusional, withdrawn effects and  slowed speech. 4 months after starting sod oxy she was found dead in her apartment from a massive heart attack.  Accumulated effects from yrs of stimulants? A sudden jolt from sodium oxybate ?  Congenital defect? She did not abuse meds. CAUTION
Taking Invokana has been a terrible experience for me..Caused a lot of thirst so I drank so much water that my sodium level dropped to dangerous level..I was hospitalized for 5 days until my normal sodium levels could be restored. I also had   burning pain my mouth.  The skin in my mouth became red and soar.I couldn 't eat without pain for days.
I had the IUD inserted back in February 2016, around 6-8 weeks after the birth of of second child. The insertion was uncomfortable, but tolerable; I have a pretty high pain tolerance however. Since then, my depression has worsened-- this wasn 't PPD-- I 've gained nearly 30lbs, I have zero libido, developed severe anxiety, have panic attacks, and debilitating migraines. I 'm getting it removed next Friday. If I did this page again, I 'll update once it 's out and the hormones have worked their way out of my system.
My doctor first started me on buspar over two years ago, probably at 16. Slowly throughout the years we 've had to increase it until about a year ago, when I reached the maximum 60mg and I had to finally ask my doctor for something else. But I mean that 's what you get with medication, it 's all pretty much trial and error
I got my 1st shot Feb-2016. My tubes are tied but Dr. recommended I get it to help stop cramps I 'd get prior to the shot. Bled the first 3 months after the shot &amp; it didn 't help so I asked my Dr if I needed it again. He said to try it for 6 months and stop if it didn 't help. Got my 2nd shot May-2016 bled for that 6 months. Then I stopped as it never helped cramps. Its now April-2017 and I still have side effects-Mood Swings that are destroying my marriage. Depression, anxiety, headaches-. I 've lost 32 lbs-(only weighed 122 prior to shot)dizziness, fatigue, acne, no sleep or too much- feelings of going crazy, cramps worse then before. Was told with regular period shot will leave. 
Stayed up all night 
My doctor took several vaginal samples and tested for yeast, all std 's, and bacteria.  The ONLY thing that was positive was g. Gardnerella, which is bacteria.  She gave me flagyl 500 MG daily x7 days and told me to use metrogel 2x a week for 4-6 months.  Still not better and just finished 5 weeks of the gel, which is 10 doses.  I have zero odor, never had any, but my discharge is like acid.  My skin around the vaginal opening is extremely red and it burns and sometimes I itch.  I 'm majorly frustrated.  I have used desitin and vaseline to try and keep the discharge from burning me so bad (docs suggestion) but those tend to make me worse!  I 'm truly so depressed I just don 't feel like this is ever going to go away.  No sex  for 5 months now.
I 'm pregnant. I had unprotected sex one time, and took this the next day. I 'm now 7 weeks pregnant.
The morning after I first took the drops, my eyes itched severely and swelled up quite a bit. I felt ill all day, kind of like when you are coming down with the flu. All the subsequent uses have made my eyes burn and my vision blurry, but I have also noticed in the last few days that I am having serious trouble remembering things. We all are forgetful from time to time, but this is enough that it is disturbing. I don 't know if I can or even should keep using the product...
I was on Lupron twice for endometriosis.  The first time I had hot flashes and headaches, after I got off they went away.  The second time I had the same side effects, except when I got off of Lupron the headaches did not go away and turned into migraines.  Now I have had migraines for 16 years since being off of Lupron.  I was never plagued with headaches before Lupron.  My doctor said I always had the trigger for migraines and Lupron flipped the switch on.  If I knew then what I know now, I would have taken a different approach to treating my endometriosis.  Having endometriosis and migraines together was worse.  Now I 'm in menopause and going through everything to the nth degree.
I have had the nexplanon for 3 years now. No weight gain. Acne is just as bad. My periods last weeks to months. AND I bleed huge blood clots. (Sorry TMI but I thought I had a miscarriage once because of it) I am an emotional wreck. Like it makes me cry over the littlest things. I overreact and my depression and anxiety are horrible. It has done its job not to get me pregnant but I hate it so much. And waking up with a headache everyday is killing me.
This drug did regulate my period, but it also increased my anxiety and sent me to the ER with a massive panic attack. I have always had minor generalized anxiety disorder, but never any panic attacks so severe. They did every test possible to rule out a stroke! If you take this and start to notice an increase in anxiety, I suggest you talk to your doctor.
I as well had a severe migraine that was 2 days old. Went to ER and she said, let 's try reglan and bene. I said do whatever.Withing 20 secs of the IV, I literally froze. My heart was beating insanely, my brain was doing 100, and my body froze. I couldn 't move if someone pointed a gun at me. I tripped out so bad. She tried talking to me and I didn 't even answer. So she said the lights would turn off and get some sleep. I finally could move my fingers to text my then bf, please come lol.I was pregnant years after and with that came migraines. Went to my doctor and she said, Let 's try Regl-...I stopped her and said like hell! She just did benadryl and Tylenol 3 pills. Good lord. That drug is for the devil I 'm sure.
I tried trazadone for insomnia for a week then stopped. First 150, then 200 and finally 300mgs. That was the worst week sleep wise in recent memory. I would fall asleep after about an hour but only stay asleep for an hour, then it would be 2-3 hours of trying to get back to sleep only to wake up after an hour once again. Back to seroquel, aaaaarg!:(
Upon taking Naproxen, I immediately get dizzy, break out in hives, and become very weak.  But taking Benadryl immediately after the symptoms began relieved all of the symptoms.
Nexplanon made me gain over 30Ibs. I get ridiculous cravings, crazy mood swings, and all I ever want to do is sit and watch TV since getting it in. I 've never had any other kind of birth control, besides the earlier version Implanon, which I thought was better, but still had its flaws, but the hubby and I are considering a vasectomy because my experience with this birth control.Side effects: Major weight gain, cravings, it made me feel hungrier than I actually was, cramping, boob tenderness to where I thought I may have gotten pregnant, suicidal thoughts, and weird bleeding patterns. I got it out about 3 weeks ago, and felt a boost in my mood the day after. Still haven 't been able to drop any weight though.
Took the 24 mg med and feeling lightheaded and dizzy. Blood pressure dropped to 60 and was sent to ICU for observation for several days. My potassium level went up to 6.9 and lab test results show kidney problems. The new cardiologist put me on Metolazone instead to removed excess fluid on lungs and it worked great! No more shortness of breath and no more swelling on the legs, stomach and no excess fluid on lungs. I advised to take a look at it first and do your research before taking this medication.  Good thing I only took it for 6 weeks but that short time did not gave me good results.
I took one as stated on the box approximately 9pm. I have been sat on the toilet since 3 am with the most excruciating stomach cramps and worst diarrhea I have ever had. 
Impossible to keep weight off. Been on my period for 1.5 months. Dry skin. Irrititable mood. Terrible drug. Having it removed. Been on it 4 months
I hate this pill. I 've been on different pills before and I have never felt like this. I 'm throwing up all the time. My appetite has increased heavily. My acne has never ever been this bad. I 'm tired all the time and I just feel like shit since taking it. I 've been on it for three month now and every new pack is just a horror story. I get a very very light period which really pisses me off. I get it for one day. I hate that I 'm the type of person who freaks out if that happens. It makes me so uncomfortable and nervous to basically not get a period. My OB won 't change the pill and I 'm so fed up with it. I have no motivation at all. I never felt this was before taking this pill. I hate it.
I took Metformin Hcl ER 500 mg 2xday, for 2  years. I never felt quite well w it, especially  the constant fatigue. So I stopped. Now , 11/16, I was prescribed it again, &amp; almost immediately became lethargic,  weak, plus experienced extreme muscle pain &amp; stiffness in quadriceps (frontal thigh muscles) which caused my legs to become so weak &amp; stiff, walking was difficult.
Cirpo gave me severe nerve pain in my neck and head less than 24 hours after starting the medication.
Yeah, did this for seven days. Just got out of the hospital after a full body rash (including feet, hands a face, required them to put me on iv antibiotics for two days). Fun times
I started to take Victoza 0.6 mg for weight loss, three weeks ago. After jumping through several hoops with insurance to cover the med, I was hopeful and excited to start this med and get results. First day was awful; headache, fatigue as I have never experienced in my life (shoulders/back/neck), nausea (like at sea), dizziness, blurred vision, constipation, GI issues I 've never experienced before, dry mouth/dehydration, nightmares (when able to sleep) night sweats and insomnia. I tried to stick it out (2 HORRIBLE wks) in the hopes the side effects would subside; they got worse. I ended up passing out; hot/cold clammy sweats as if hypoglycemic, yet was not (140). I was taken by ambulance to the ED where I was given 2L fluids... BEWARE!
Was on Apri for 9 months.  No major issues while taking it until 3 weeks ago when I was diagnosed with a massive pulmonary embolism.  Testing was performed and the root cause pointed towards Apri.  Many articles online linking Apri (3rd generation) to PE 's.  Do your research before taking this pill, wish I did!
I took one dose and ended up in the ER with a horrible pounding, predominately right sided migraine. Along with about 6 hours of vomiting. It had to have been the worst migraine of my life.
It should be ILLEGAL to prescribe this drug. I have tried most antidepressents and never have i experienced such atrocious side effects from withdrawing.I have never written a review on anything but i was compelled to share the experience.again, it should be illegal to prescribe effexor xl.
I started on Prempro on September 2, 2013 for my night sweats, hot flashes and mood swings. I was on it for almost two months. The first month was fine, but during the second month I developed way too many severe side effects. I had: swelling of hands and ankles, breast enlargement and pain, severe bloating, vaginal irritation, acne, my mood swings worsten, and I gained a lot weight gain. The night sweats and the hot flashes got better, but the side effects were much worst then the night sweats and hot flashes. I started on Healthy Woman Soy Menopause Supplement and it took care of the night sweats and hot flashes without all of the other side effects. This drug is definitely not for everybody and my advice would be to listen to your body!
I 've been taking 1mg of alprazolam for years. New Dr. gave me .05 of Clonazepam. I am NOT sleeping with Clonazepam. The first dose taken several hours ago. I have severe insomnia. Because I 'm 67, Doctor uses that as an excuse to not keep me on alprazolam which actually worked. Tried Melatonin,  nothing.  I SERIOUSLY need sleep. How long does it take .05 Clonazepam to kick in
We began with night wakings then more aggression. He was never aggressive like this before. Raised to 2 mg symptoms increased again. Still hyper and seemed worse than before. Upon reducing back to 1 mg to none it 's been a nightmare. Red red cheeks. Bouncing off walls. Bouncing Up till 3 am. Starting to come down a bit but oh my god the havoc on his mind and body and us plus no sleep. Doc said there wouldn 't be any withdrawal 
Had Botox for overactive bladder 12 days ago. Been miserable ever since, pain is as bad as ever and I have gone into retention so now having to self catheterise up to 4 times a day. Will now need to wait for the Botox to wear off to see if I can pass urine normally again. 6 months of pain, throbbing, pulsating sensation and the constant feeling of needing the toilet and I thought Botox was the answer, instead it 's made matters worse!
on Invokana for 18 months then had a fall, pain killers gave me SEVERE constipation, I could not stop pain killers as it had been a severe fall so in an attempt to relieve the constipation I stopped taking Invokana, no effect on the constipation but within 2 days my mood lifted enormously so much so that I will no longer take this medication EVER again
Taking Diovan for 160 mg for 3 months with no noticeable side effects, than had what the doctor refers to as an orthostatic syneopal episode. I passed out.  Was out of work for 4 weeks.  Doctor increased dose to 320 and nearly all of the side effects listed for this medication has presented itself.  The worst being muscle weakness and cramping. 
I took this simvastatin for about a week and stopped. I was having insomnia, dull pain in my chest, numbness of both my  legs and hands and consistent pain in my left arm and neck. I intend to see my doctor this week.
This did not work for me at all...  I used it whenever I wanted a cigarette, so I didn 't ever get rid if the nicotine addiction.  Complete waste of time and money.
The patch worked fine until this week. Just recently the patch would start to come off my skin very early. My most recent patch came off 4 days early. What was under the patch is what I am warning you about. My skin was blistered with bubbles, and my skin was raised almost half an inch. It looked as if my skin had a chemical burn from the medication. I slept with some gauze on it and I cleaned it with peroxide. The next day the skin was an open wound and bright red like a burn. It is the most painful thing I 've felt in a while. The worst part was being rushed to the ER due to a possible blood clot in the lung (horrible chest pains), had CT scans, blood drawn, and IVs placed all over my body. Before this, I had experienced constant fatigue
I will NEVER touch this medicine again. A couple hours after my first dose, I started to feel nauseated. Things quickly devolved from there. Severe chills, body aches, fever, splitting headache. Like when you first get the flu, X10000. My skin hurt and I couldn 't relieve my pain/discomfort in any way. The next 24 hours, waiting for the drug to leave my system, were a complete nightmare.
I have to say I  was somewhat relieved to see that I wasn 't the only one who suffered so greatly with this drug the experience (but sad to see others suffering)   I truly thought I was dying and I kept telling myself it 'll be over soon it 'll be over soon the pain chills and vomiting absolute suffering was unlike anything in recent memory for me.. I 'll never take this drug again and I 'm afraid to take anything like it it was that severe of a reaction and this was my 4th day taking this drug the first night the cramps were pretty rough but short-lived last night I just truly never thought I was going to survive it.. It lasted about 3 hours.. Which felt like eternity.. Today I 'm just so weak feeling..  it 's going in the garbage $323 wasted...
My husband took Mobic for psoriatic arthritis, and it made him extremely ill, and gave him almost no pain relief. 
I 've had many UTI 's in the past but usually keep them at bay by taking cranberry pills daily. Well, I slacked and got a UTI. I think I 've taken Bactrim before but I don 't ever recall feeling like this. I was fine this morning but by noon was very shaky. I felt hungry and nauseous at the same time. Forced myself to eat and felt slightly better but couldn 't focus on work and am feeling down in the dumps (depressed?). I also had trouble sleeping last night. Oh and my pee still burns after 2 doses. So if the symptoms don 't improve by tomorrow I 'm going to see about switching to something else.
I had implanon for three years prior to this nexplanon. I had no issues with implanon at all. I was period free for three years with no side effects. Now the problem with nexplanon: I have horrible cramping and pain that lasts up to a week sometimes. It seems to be every other week now. It interferes with work and my home life as we all know pain can make us miserable and cranky. I went to the doctor she said it was this and just my normal period (Minus bleeding) I 've had periods for over 15 years and never had periods this painful! The pain is so bad that regular over the counter pain killers don 't touch it and I refuse to take anything stronger. The health risks from over the counter pain killers are bad enough. My only option? Removal
Expensive, Did not help with depression at all.
Not good
After taking Zocor for several months I experienced sleeplessness, indigestion and anxiety. Depression soon set in. Anti-depressants cannot be taken with Zocor so I stopped it. Antidepressants all came with side effects. So I stopped them too. After several weeks of counseling and breathing techniques I was back to my old self. Doctor put me back on Zocor and 2 weeks later sleeplessness, depression, indigestion are back. I am stopping this medicine.
